ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. ioo.

An A<3: for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A<3s of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Stanbridge-lane, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike-road at Middle Wallop; and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fourth Year of the Reign Geo. 3, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing c. 47.

" and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge-lane,

c near a Barn in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike-road at Middle " Wallop \ and from the Turnpike-road between Stanbridge-lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike-road at Stockbridge; and from the Garden of Henry Hattat at Awbridge, to the Garden-wall " of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderley; and from Lockerley Milldream to East Dean Gate; and from the said Garden-wall to the 4< Turnpike leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County 4t of Southampton, to Salisbury :* And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Majes- 25 Geo. 3 ty, intituled cc An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act c* ,a6*

Ci made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for <c repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge-lane,

c near a Barn in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike-road at Middle " Wallop-, and from the Turnpike-road between Stanbridge-lane afore-S{ said, and Great Bridge to the Turnpike-road at Stockbridge; and from tf the Garden of Henry Hattat at Awbridge, to the Garden-wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Sfuderley t and from Lockerley Mill stream to " East Dean Gate; and from the said Garden wall to the Turnpike-[Loc. Rer.] 22 X " road

I

2014 4* GEORGII III. Cap. ioo.

" road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton " to SalijburyAnd whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said recited Acts in Execution, have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof, and great Progress hath been made in repairing and amending the said Roads, but the fame cannot be effectually amended and kept in sufficient Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said recited Acts be further continued and enlarged. May it therefore please Art* eonti- Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the cued. King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, that the said recited Acts, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Clauses, Provisions, 'lolls, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisoes, Forfeitures, and Punishments, and all other Matters apd Things therein respectively contained, (except such as iufc hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and as relate to Exemptions Stamp Duties,) shall be, remain, and continue in full Force and Effect during the Term hereinafter mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and repairing the Roads thereby direcred to be repaired, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefenc Act, which laid Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the (amc respectively.

Additional And ’c ^urt^cr enacted, That the Honorable William Temple,

Trustees. James Aldridge Junior, John /.itkins Junior, William Atkins, Henry Arnold Clerk, James Blunts Moses Boom, John Brtwer, Peter Cowdrey, William Edney Junior, Thomas Edney, Philip Emnott, William Footner, Henry Foote, Nathaniel Fletcher Clerk, William Gabon, John Hat-tatt Junior, Henry Hattatt, Samuel Newell, Marmaduke Sealy, John Smith, Oliver D'Oyly $t. John, James Sharp, Thomas South Junior, Henry Whcable, Richard Wilkins, and John Wilkins, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said ft:it- icciced Act,) Avail be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the said Acts into Execution, and are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this \ct, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees in and by the said Acts, or either of them.

Trustees HI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and

may sue in be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, and that no Action or Name of Actions which (h j11 be brought or commenced by or against the said their Clerk. Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name ot their Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, or by the Act or Default

of

2015

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 100.

of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Public Meeting to be held for that Purposej but the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, That every such Clerk or Clerks in whole Name any such Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Charges as, by the Event of every such Proceeding, he shall be put to or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where it shall be necessary to distrain for the Recovery of the Tolls authorized to be collected by the said recited ^&s, such Distress shall or may be made and taken by the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or by any Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or by any other Person or Persons appointed by them or either of them, or called upon to aflirt; and in calc any Dispute, Litigation, or Suit shall arise, or be had or prosecuted, touching or concerning any such Distress or the Prolecu-tion thereof, or concerning the Non-payment of the Tolls, no such Surveyor or Collector, or other Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees, or in any Manner in the Execution of this Act, shall be deemed an incompetent Witness to prove the Legality of the Distress, the Non-payment of such Tolls, or to give any other Proof or Evidence concerning the Premises, by reason of his being such Surveyor or Collector, or employed in the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Exemptions granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Town-ships or Parishes in which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, situated within the same Parish from which such Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, shall be removed, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in car-ryinu or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hul-bandry, for the Purpose only of using cr repairing the fame, or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place within the same Parish, any Mou’d, Dung, Lime, Marl, Sullage, Comport, or other Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stone, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or

conveying

Clerk to be reimbursed.

Col’eflor?, Sec. may di-drain lor Tolls.

General

Exemptions

JOlfr

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 100.

conveying any Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plainer, Timber, or other Materials to be ul'ed for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, House, Out-house, Barn, Stable, or Hovel within the same Parish where such Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plaister, Timber, or other Materials, shall be made, got, or cur down, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or for any Horses going to be, or returning from being (hoed, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed, or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, nor for any Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption, or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fenc by legal Pafles, or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Cala(h, Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Bead conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Southampton on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

St*tute

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts

Work. as relate to the Performance of Stature Labour on the said Roads shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton> and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk,.

or

2017

46° GEORGII III. Cap. too.

or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine " hat Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the Taid Roads by-the Inhab tanrs of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of rhc Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, ic shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be exp.effed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams, or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Reflections, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways, and ouc of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors Hull from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Paymenc thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by the said recited Acts are authorised or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beall or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said rl rustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cale every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective [£#c. & Per.] 22 T Forfeitures

20i8 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 100.

Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads: All which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads j and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect I,ids, every such Surveyor, so offending, 111 all for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Por appre-

VII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against the said reci-hending ted Acts and this Act, may be Persons unknown to the Collectors, Sur-traniient Of- veyors, or other Officers under the said recited Acts and this Act; Be enders. it therefore enacted, Thar it shall be lawful for any of the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to feiae and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or PUce where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is, and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden for the Division or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; and on such Conviction, or for want of such sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the House of Correction in and for the County, Districr, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, until he, llie, or they shall pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such respective uffence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid, provided such Commitment, be not for a longer Term than Three Months.

Preventing

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever Materials shall take away any Materials which shall have been digged or gathered being taken j(1 any Lands, Fields, Wastes, or Grounds, River or B; ook, for the Pur-*wajr' pose of making or amending the said Hoads, or shall get or take away

any Materials out of ar y Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getring Materials for the said Roads before the Surveyor of the said Roads or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Twenty-one Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any Private Ground, and Persons authorised by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale,) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction for Offen-Conviction. ces aga>nll the said recited Acts, or this Act, may be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Effect, that is to say

" To wit ? BE 'c rcmem^ere^» that on the [here insert the

’ 5 D*y of the Month, and the Tear of Our Lordy and the u King's Reign,) A.B. is convicted before me C.D. one of His Majesty’s

2019

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioo*

<£ jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of on

" his own Confession, or on the Oath of cc a credible Witness, (or and

tc credible Witnesses, as the Case may be,) of (here spe-

" cify the Offence and the Time and Place when and where the fame was " committed,) contrary to the Form of the several Acts of Parliament ct passed for repairing and widening the Roads from the Hnd of Stanbridge lane, near a Barn in the Parish of Rom/ey, to the Turnpike-li road at Middle Wallop; and from the Turnpike-road between Stanbridge-lane aforesaid and Great Bridge to the Turnpike-road at " Stockbridge; and from the Garden of Henry Hattat, at Awbridge, to the '* Garden-wall of Denys Rolle Esquire, at Eafi TuderUy , and from " Lockerley Mill Stream to East Dean Gate; and from the said Gardenwall to the Turnpike-road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid in the " County of Southampton to Salisbury 5 and I the said Justice do adjudge " the said /!, B. to have thereby incurred the Penalty of to be paid, recovered, and applied in Manner directed by the said ,f Acts. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid."

Which Conviction shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- of Compen-chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Luna- 200l.

tic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex Parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intenc that Inch Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a Summary Way by the Person or Persons wr.o would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other In-cumbance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affcdling the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled to the fame or the like Ui’es, Incents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be lo applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses,

Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the I leredita-ments which shall be lo purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid Hood set;led or limited, or such of them as, ac the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Fffcdl j and in the mean Time, and until such Pur-cfiair shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant

2020

Where the fame does not exceed 200l. and i

not less than 20/.

Where less than zo/.

In case of not making out Titles j

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 100.

countant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidared, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall be, from Time to Time, paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were. made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being intitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be bonified in Writing under their respective Planets, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the fame shall be paid a: the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in older that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when such Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons, who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or uied, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons lo entitled respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall ref use to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom

202 I

4&q GEORGII III. Cap. ioo*

such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition,' shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Eftatts, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court Dull seem just and reasonablej and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Ule the fame is or are received,’to such Person or Persons as shall pay any fucll Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question Aiall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, In the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Ertate, Right, or Intcrclt in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any

to be purchased with any such Money, or the Divir dends or lnt«felt of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery t and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Ertate or Interest therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase

[Lot. fcf Per."] 22 Z Money

or if Person# cannot be found, Puf-chale Money to be paid into the Bank } subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall arise, touching the Tit'e to8 Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession, at the Time of such Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possessiou.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of

2022

Purchises S3 be paid by (he Trustee*.

For paying Expencei of (be Act.

[Public Act.]

Commence, men:and

Continuance of the AA.

46° GEORGII III. Cop. ioo.

Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act,or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid by the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, or any Five or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act. in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, together with lawful interest for the fame, until Payment thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being (pecully pleaded.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Expiration of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and shall from thenceforth continue for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StkahaN, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*t* x- itHK;:«t* x

An Act for the amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Kilcullen, in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Carlow.

HF.REAS an Act was made in Ireland\ in the Fifth Year of 5 G.

" Town of Kilcullen, in the County of Kildare, to the City of Kilkenny:" And whereas an Act was made in Ireland, in the Ninth Year of the 9 G. Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain,amend, and make more effectual an Act for repairing the " Road leading from the Town of Kilcullen, in the County of Kildare,

" to the City of Kilkenny" whereby so much of the said Act as relates to the repairing and amending of the Road leading from the Town of Kilcullen to the Town of Carlow, was put under the Care and Management of separate Trustees: And whereas another Act was made in

Ireland, in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 3 G tulrd, " An Act for altering, amending, and making more effectual " the Laws for the Repair of the Road leading from the City of Dublin,

" through the Towns of Kilcullen and Carlow, to the City o [Kilkenny And whereas the said Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said cired Acts, for the Purpose of repairing the said Road from the Town [Loc, & Per.] 23 A of

Cap. 1o r.

[3d July 1806.]

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Read leading from the

2G’6

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

of Kilcutten to the Town of Carlow, have proceeded to put so much of the fame into Execution as relates to the said Road, and have lor that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which are (till due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Road, be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased -, and it would tend greatly to facilitate the Ex-cution of the Purposes of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate the said Ro^d, if such Parts thereof were repealed, and further and better Provision made for those Purposes: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alTmbled, and Certain Parts by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts, of the Acts as relates to the Road leading from the Town of KUculhn to the Town repealed. Qf Qarloz0f an(j aH 2n(j

every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts contained, so far as the fame relate to such Road, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Trustees.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Members serving in Parliament for the Counties of Kildare and Carlow for the Time being, the High Sheriffs for the said Counties for the Time being, the Sovereign of the Town of Carlow for the Time being,. William Bui ton, John Wolfe, David Latcuche, J. 6\ Rochfort, Sir Charles Burton, Baronet, Sir Richard Butler, the Honourable Benjamin Stratford, Maurice Keating, the Honourable John Ponsonby., the Honourable George Ponsonby, George Rotbe, Robert Browne, William Browne, John Tay lor, Phillip' Newton, Nicholas Aylward, Vigors, John Stewart, William Paul Butler, Henry Bruen,

Charles Burton, junior, Benjamin Burton, the Reverend Drought,

Edward Kennedy, James Archbold, Robert Archbold, William Ducket,

Rawjcn, James Raw/on, James Butler, Daniel Caulfield, John Whelan, John Hill, Peter Burtchael, David Burtchael, and no other Persons other than their Successors, to be decced in Manner hereinafter directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Kilcullen to the 1'own of Carlow, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

No Act valid

III. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees unless at a shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be Meeting. d0ne a[ pomc Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may

Majority be hereinafter excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by

a dM he whole l^lS ^cc Sranle^to £^c foid Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Number not d >mc to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any being less Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such

than Seren. Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Seven,

and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Truf-tecs present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force

and

202]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioi.

and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refu-

fal, or Disability of 2ny of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned to act in the execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint by Ballot One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trustee so dying or refusing, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election, shall, by the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time being, be inserted in some Newspaper published within the Counties of Kildare and Carlozv, Twenty Days at lead before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid, is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a

Manner as the Trustee in whole Room or Stead he shall have been

so elected.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

herein nominated or to be elected a Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid,

shall neglect to act in the Execution of this Act during the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, then and in every such Case such Neglect shall be and be deemed to be a Refusal of such Trustee or Trustees to act, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, save and except such Trustee or Trustees shall not have resided within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, during the whole of such Period of Twelve Calendar Months.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Acr, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of Fifty Pounds, or be posseflld of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of One Thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Eftare in Lands of the clearly yearly Value of Two Hundred Pounds j and if any Person not being lo qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or mere than One Imparlance, shall be allowed j and every such Person so lued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Pe-

Chairman to beappointed; and to have the carting Vote.

Elections of new Trustees.

If Trustees neglect to act for Twelve Months, it rtiall be deemed a Refuel to act.

Qualification or Trustees.

1028 +6* GEORGII III. Cap. 1O1.

nalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor; than that i'uch Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of A&sofTruf- this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of lifiecHf done anc^ every Person and Persons acting as a L’rustee or Trustees

before Con- in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, vision,valid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, nor-withstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act*

Viftaallers,

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person of CaftjCR?a&ce cr ^er^ons ^ho shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of public Entertainment, or wholliall fell Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Whisky, or other spirituous or llrong Liquors by retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trtift or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of Public Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Whifkv, or other spirituous or strong Liquors by retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from hiring or farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls, who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

Trustees may

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as adiasj ustices, are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective person all yCre Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the interested. Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally ince-relled.

First Meeting

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at of the Truf- Shipley's Inn in Caji'e Dermoty in the County of Kildare, on the Twenty-lee!* first Day of July after the passing of this Act; and in case there shall be

no Meeting of the said Trustees on that Day, then and in such Case there shall be a Meeting of the said Trustees holden at the same Place on the following Saturday, and so toties quoties until there shall be a Meeting of the said frultees, between the Plours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon; and at such Meeting the said Trustees shall proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Lime to 'Lime adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden theie or at any other Place near to the said Road, as to the said LLuftees shall seem convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper} and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficienc Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the L'rustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said L’rustees, shall from Time to L ime, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Ninety-one Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be inserted in some Newspaper published in the said Counties of Kildare and Carlow, 'Pen Days Trustees to at least before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and defray their the said Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expencejf" Pences; and no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee In the Execution

2029

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

cution of this Act, during such Time as he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at.any Time or Times be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such earlier Meeting being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting, by inferring the fame in some Newspaper pub-liftied in the Counties of Kildare and Carlow, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being left than Ten Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this Acr, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be inferred by the Clerk to the said Trustees in some Newspaper published in the said Counties of Kildare and Carlow, at least Twenty Days before such subsequent Mreting, nor unless a Majority of Ten of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Number of Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting than were present at the Meeting when such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding were had or made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein cf all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of rhem, shall be deemed Originals, and (ha'.l be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions touching, or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion fur any greater or less Number of Words.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Book or Books in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings relating or in anywise appertaining to the Road directed to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Act, of

[Loc. Per.) 23 B any

Meetings on Emexgerciei.

No Order to be revoked,

unless at a Meeting for the Purpose,

Ten of the Trustees present concur.

Proceeding* tobe entered.

Entiies of Proceeding* under former Acts good Evidence.

2030

Trusteej to appoint Ofn-

and remove

and allow them Sala-

ties.

Trustees to take Security from the Treasurer, Ire.

Officers to account.

Trea Purer account >*arly on

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

any of the Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or any of them (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Direction of, and made Evidence by the said recired Acts or any of them) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they a^e hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the good Conduct and well governing of every such Treasurer, Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and all other such Officers and PeTons j and from Time to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively, as they the said Trustees shall fee Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries and Allowances (provided that no such Salary or Allowance do exceed the Sum of One Hundred and Twenty Pounds per Annum to any One Officer or Servant) to the said Officers and other Persons, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper j and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Acr, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Day in the Month of May yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved, and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refule or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Twenty Days next after being the reutno required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and

W ritings

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ior.

Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such case, upon Complainc made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Of. ficer so refusing or wilfully neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been lum-moned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice [is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby autho-thorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to by levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice thac such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the lame as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustets for such Money, and shall have paid such Compofuion in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he or flic shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in resptcc thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, thac no greater Salary than the yearly Sum of Sixty Pounds shall be given to any such Clerk or Treai'u-rer, nor no greater Salary than Three Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence per Mile to each Overseer, for so much of the said Road as he shall be in the Care of, nor any greater Salary than One Shilling per Day for any Tollgate Keeper or Toll Gatherer: Provided always, thac upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of the Treasurer lo appointed by the said Trustees, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall proceed to the Election of One other proper and fit Person to act in the Room of such Treasurer j and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election, shall, by any One of the said Trustees, be inferred in the Newspaper published within the Counties of Kildare and Carlow, Twenty Days at least before such Meeting.

2-31

I

2032 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

Officers act-

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and the Active- Treasurers, Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and-pealed, to Persons appointed by virtue of, or acting or who have acted in Ex-accounc to ecution of the said recited Acts or any of them, so far as the fame tmd^tWs*5 re^ate to l^e Road to be amended, widened, and repaired by Acc virtue of this Act, who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or

Power any Monies collected by virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame rtlate to such Road, shall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by any Seven or more of the said Truf-toes, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or ul'ua! Place or Places of Abode, within Twenty-one Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the lame re late to such Road, and all the Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting, shall upon Oath (which Oath any of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) verify all the said Accounts j and if any such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall re-fule or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers, relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall reful'e of wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid, all Books, Papers, and Waitings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, lo far as the fame relate to such Road, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees in respect of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his ;appearing, cr having been summoned and not appear- ing> or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, so far as the fame relate to such Road, shall be due from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raisedby Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Trea-rurer. Clerk, or other Person as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, can be found sufficient to anl'wer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and leliing such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or oilier Person, shall have

refused

2033

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioi.

refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Road, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, and he or they shall have refilled or neglected to deliver, or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Joffice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or she shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoirn (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he or she shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, and their Trustees and Surveyor and Surveyors of the said Road, shall have and they are haveThellke hereby inverted with the like Powers and Authorities in respect to powerSwith the Road directed to be amended and kept in repair Dy virtue of respect to the this Act, as any Overseer appointed by any Law or Statute in Road, as any Force and Effect, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ire- ®*erse*rof lend, for amending, making, or repairing public Roads, is inverted £0ajj" 1C with.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Trustees, nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act, upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, of any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint l'ome other fit Person in his or her Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Road *, which Person so to be nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as the Person in whole Room or Stead he or she shall be so nominated and appointed j and if any C Hector of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he or she possess or enjoy in right of his or her Appointment to that Office, within Three Days after Notice given to him or her, or left ar such Toll House in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them* or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Three Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid, shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Laics it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Toll House shall Hand or be, [Lgc. fcf Per.] 23 C by

On the Death of a Gate Keeper, Trustees may nominate another Until the next Meeting.

If discharged Gate Keeper refuses to deliver up Toll House, Sic. i

any Justice may caofe

2034

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioi.

by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the new appointied Collector in Pofltffion thereof.

Trustees era-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-ereftTurn to ant^ ^or Trustees, an^ they are hereby empowered

pikes and*" to conbnue the several Turnpikes already erected on the said Road, TollHouses, and (in case they shall think proper) to cause to be erected such and receive and so many other Turnpikes to l'ecure the Tolls hereby granted Tolls. upon or across the said Road, and on or near the Sides thereof, in near, unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and to continue the presentToil Houses and to erect or cause to be erected such, and so many other Toll Houses as they shall think proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in Manner herein directed for the purchasing or taking of Land for the turning or widening of the said Roid, to purchase and take Land sufficienc for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes, the Tolls following, before any Carriage, Horle, or other Beall or Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (bar is to say

Tolls. For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise, Phaeton, Cabriolet, Calalh, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, and Litter, drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Three Pence:

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Description, drawn by Four or Five Horses, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Two Pence:

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Description, drawn by Two or Three Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Seven Pence Halfpenny

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Description, drawn by One Horse, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Nine Pence

For every Horse, and other Beall of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Care or Car) having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Five Inches or more, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings set on or fastened with Nails, Bolts, or Screws, so counrt-ifunk and flatheaded that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein shall project beyond the Surface of such Streaks or Shoeings respectively, the Sum of Two Pence:

For every Horse, and other Beall of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Cart or Car) having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Four Inches and kfs than Five Inches, and having all

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ior.

such Streaks or Shoeings so fee on or fattened as aforesaid, the Sum of Four Pence

For every Horse, and other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Care or Car) having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Three Inches and less than Four Inches, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings so set on or fattened as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, and other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Cart or Car) having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, of any Wheel or Wheels thereof respectively of a less Breadth than Three Inches, or having any such Screak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, not so set on or fattened as aforesaid, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Horse, and other Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or Car, having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Three Inches or more, and having such Screaks or Shoeings set on or fattened with Nails, Bolts, or Screws, so counterfunk and flatheaded that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein shall project beyond the Surface of such Streaks or Shoeings respectively, the Sum of Two Pence:

For every Horse, and other Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or Car, having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, of any Wheel or Wheels thereof respectively of a less Breadth than Three Inches, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings so set on or fattened as aforesaid, the Sum of Two Pence Halfpenny

For every Horse, and other Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or Car, having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, of any Wheel or Wheels thereof respectively not so set on or fattened as aforesaid, the Sum of Three Pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, the Sum of Three Pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence per Score, and io in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight Pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or iefs Number: And,

For every Mill Stone Three Shillings and Nine Pence.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand and rake, for and in respect of each and every Horse, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Stage Coach or other public Carriage, constructed or made so as to carry or convey more than Four inflde and Two outside Passengers (excluflveof the Driver and Guard thereof) the Sum of One Shilling, in addition to the Toll or Sum that might otherwise be demanded and taken for or in respect of such Coach or Carriage,or such Horse, or other Beast of Draught, in case such Coach or Carnage were not carrying or conveying more than Six Passengers.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no more than the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny fnull be demanded or taken at any

Gate

2035

Additional Toll ongtage Coaches for

Four inside Passengers.

Less Tolls to be demanded for Carriages

2036

wiih fixed Axletrees.

Collectors may measure the Dimensions of Wheels.

Tolls vested in the Trustees.

ForRecovery of Tolls.

In case of a Dispute con-cemingToIls the Matter to be settled by a Justice.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

Gate or Gates erected or to be erected on the said Road, for any Horse, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Cart or Car, the Axletree whereof shall be so fixed as not to turn round with the Wheels thereof, of whatever Size or Dimensions the Streaks or Shocings of such Wheels shall be, provided that each and every Streak or Shoeing of such Wheels shall be set on or fattened with Nails, Bolts, or Screws, so counterfunk and flatheaded that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein shall project beyond the Surface of such Streaks or Shoeings respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Collectors of the said Tolls, in case he or they shall think proper, to measure or cause to be measured the Breadth or Dimensions of the respective Streaks or Shoeings of all or any of the Wheels of each and every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Car, or other such Carriage, before any such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Carr, Car, or other such Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected on the said Roads.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Road; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act, be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted j and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and distrain or cause to be seized and distrained any Carriage, Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle, chargeable with the said Tolls, or their respective Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress and detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing and distraining shall and may fell or cause to be sold the Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horses, Beasts or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Har-ness, or Accoutrements so seized and distrained, or any Parc or Parts thereof, at or near the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges attending the distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or respecting the Costs and Charges of distraining, keeping, or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person distraining, to detain the Distress or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall'

2037

4C° GEORGII III. Gap. ioi.

shall determine the Quantities of Tolls due, and shall also afiels the Costs and C arges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs and Charges; all which Sum or Sums of Money so determined and assessed, shall be paid to the Colleger before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of Turnpikes the frvrral Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings erected by vir- *" th* tue of t e laid recited Acts or any of them, on the Road to be amended, ru ec?' widened, and repaired, by virtue of this Act, and of all the Turnpikes,

Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and of all Mile Stones, Tables of Tolls, and Ports erected, and to be erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Road, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, shall bt verted in and be the Property of the Trustees appointed by virtue of ti is Act, and they are hereby empowered to bring or cause any Action or Actions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be pre-ierred against any Person or Persons who shall steal, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Tables of Tolls, Ports, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, sufficientf to state generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of the Trustees for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kiltullcn to the Town of Carlow, without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Trustees.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing here- No more in contained shall extend, or be courtrued to extend, so as to enable than °ne any Collector of the said lolls to demand or take any more than J3kla‘]nOat one loll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve Day.

of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons for or\ in respect of the lame Carriage, Horfr, or ocher Beast or Cattle passing and repairing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the said Road, all and every such Person or Persons producing a Ticket denoting that such Toll hath been paid on such Part of the said Road in that Day, for or in respect of such Carriage, Horse,

Beast, or other Cattle, which Ticket every such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll: Provided nevertheless, that each and every hired Carriage returnfng' the same Day with a "different Passenger or different Passengers through any such Gate, ftidllbe liable to the said Toll, notwithstanding such . l oll nath been before paid for or in respetc of the said Carriage on that Day.

XXVI. Ahd.be it further enacted, That in case'any Difpure, Suit, Collectors of 9* Litigation shall arise-touching' or in anywise relating ttr the*;said ^Ytent*

J‘ [Loc. & Per.] 23 D Tolls, WuMflei.

203§

Penalty on

evading

Tolls.

General 1

cmp'ions.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 10 i.

Tolls, or any of them, the Person' or Persons appointed to collect the lame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trusttes, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dif, me, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their Appointment to collect such Tolls.

XXVII. And, for preventing the Evasion of Payment of the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer, or dispose of to, or recrive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Road, near unto any Turnpike Gate erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pals through or over any Part of His, her, or their laid Lands, with any Carriage, Horse, Beast,

or other Cattle, wh reby the Payment of any of the said Tolls or of

any Part thereof, shall, be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride, or drive any Hmrfe, or other Beast or Cattle through or over any W.ay or Passage (not being a public Way or PassageJ or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near

to ar,y of the said Turnpike Gates, or shall take off or cause to

be caVen off any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, or do any other Act whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, then and in every such Case every such. PtrXon lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any. Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereofshall'go to the Infprmer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, 'Wain, Dray, or other fu< h Carriage, having "the Breaks or Showings of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Sik Inches or more, and having all such Streaks or Shoeing* fee on or fast-(ene,d, with Naikj Bolts, Qr Screws^ To counterfunk and 'flat-headed that io^Nailj'Bolt, or'Screw therein, shall. projecc abuve the Surface of such freaks or Shoeings respectively); or for or in respect of any Carnage, "Horse .’or other. Beast, employed jn carrying or conveying, or f^oijipg. to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying on the same Day," any, Atones, Bf[c|cs, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing of the said Road, of any of the Roads [in any of the Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie j or Mav, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, bpt passing. to be l^i,d up or placed in the Out-houses or on the Lands of ihc Owners thereof; or for or in’respect or any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to ca'rry t>r convey, or returning jiom carrying or conveying any Ptb'ughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, employed in the Management of any Fafm or Lands in any of the Parishes in which the said Road'doth’ lie; or laden with Turf only, and drawn by One Horse; or for or in respect of any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, going to or returning fronfPai-

dviWte

2039

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

ture or from a Watering Place, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or carrying or conveying any of their Arms or Baggage; or for or in refoect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, carrying or conveying any Vagrant or Vagrants sent with legal pafies; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Hor'e, or other Beast, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from voting at any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Carlow, or of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Carlow, or of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Kildare,on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Elecion shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Acr.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Toll* may be and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby-enabled, at any Meeting, Icl*

to let up by public Cant, and to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at and for the largest yearly Sum that can on said Cant be reasonably gotten for the fame, upon causing Notice of their Intention to let or farm such l olls, to be inserted in some Newspaper published in the said Counties of Kildare and Carlow, Thirty Days at least before such Meeting; provided that the I eases, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the lame be in Writing, and be duly executed by-the Lessee or Leflces,

Farmer or Farmers of such Tolls, and also by any Seven or more of the said Trustees, but the same shall not be let for more than One Year at any One Time, and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that Three Months Payment of such Rent shall always be in advance, and sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in default thereof, every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all In'ents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said LefTcesof Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demiied, or in Tolls in-farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be la-vful i,*grswilk to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such couccl, other Person or Persons as he,-she, or they shall by Writing or Writings

under his, her, or their Hand or Plar.ds, authorize or appoint to demand, and fake the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the ' life^ Powers foit‘the\Recorery thereof,-to all’intents and-^PuFposes whatsoever, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees, is hereby-a'othV&ed and etdpo.wered to demand, take, and recover the ‘ fame; and-such Lessee or Ldfces, Farmer or Farmers, or other' Person or 'PeriTons;as\5forKaid,-ThMFbe lbbj^t to the likeTainS,^ ri<alc»es, and

’Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions, as

any

2040

Toll? may be coir.poucded for.

Trustees may

Contracts not

forn.oi - than One Year.

Trustee# may compound for Breach of Contracts.

Old Securities to be good.

4fa* GEORGII III. Cap. Io;.

any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or iiable to.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound from time to time with any Person or Persons, for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year for any Carriages, Horses, Beads, or Cattle, passing on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Carriages, Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, and all such Comp fition Money shall be paid in advance or otherwise as the said Trustees shall appoint; and in default thereof, every such Compofuion shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatibever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to enter into any Contract or Contracts for the repairing and widening of the said Road, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or for furnishing Materials, or for any Purpose or Purposes relative to the Execution of this Act, buc no such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into save and except Twenty Days Notice at the lead shall have been given previous to the enteri: g inro the fame in some Newspaper published in the said Counties of Kildare and Carhw, expressing the Purpose or Purposes of such Contract or ontracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the lame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Trustees at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned, and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Contractor for the due Performance of his or her Comracr, and every such Contract shall be signed by Seven of the said Tiuftres, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works rest ectively, which Contract and Contracts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Contract or Contracts shall be deemed good, valid, or effectual, if the same shall have

befen made for a longer Space or Term than One Year from the Time of entering into lueh Contract or Contracts.

XXXIV. And be it fur.the/ enacted, , That it shall and may be lawful to and for thelaid Trustees, from time to time and at all Times hereafe; r. to compound and agree with any Person or Persons on account! of any Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, for iuv.h Sum or Sun s of Money as they shall think proper, fb as the Sum lo compounded and agreed for be not Ids than, the Injury or Damage sustained by the B each or Nonperformance of such Cont act or Cputfacts, and all Colls* Charges, and Expencesj whjqh shall be occasioned-theicby.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Contracts, Bonds, Grants, Alignments, Conveyances, Leases, and other, ife-cuiities made or granted to or by any Person or Persons, Body,or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any others whomloevet,opting by or under the Authority of the said Acts or any of

2041

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

far as the lame relate to the Road to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for and during the Continuance of the said Contract, as if such Part of the said recited Acts as relates to such Road had not been repealed j and all and every Sum and Sums of Money due and owing to the Trustees acting by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall and may be recovered by the Trustees acting by virtue of this Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such and the like Mannner as any Sum or Sums due and owing, or to grow due and owing to the said Trustees acting by virtue of this Act, can or may be recovered.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Agreement# lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to carry into Execution, and perform any Agreement or Agreements uJ{JeTr"hge* entered into by the Trustees nominated or appointed by virtue of the former Acts, said recited Acts, with any Person or Persons whomsoever, touching or may be com. concerning the Tolls of the said Road, or the Repairs thereof, lub- Ple;cd-ject nevertheless to such Variations and Alterations, as to the Trustees acting in Execution of this Act shall seem fit and proper; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money Trustees may as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act j be it further enact- !jjrr0w

ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and oney* they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Acc, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Road (the Charges of such Assignments to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of m

this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the lame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Paymenrs, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time beingi all which Alignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

T)Y virtue of an Act Parliament, made in the Forty-sixth Year of Form of ai-" ‘ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [/el forth the signment.

Title of this Act] We whole Names are hereunto fubl'cribed and f Seals affixed (being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act) in

Consideration of the Sum of to the Trealuer

of the said Road in Hand paid by A.B. Do hereby grant, bargain,

c fell, and demise unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and all’o of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting

the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall

bear to the whole Sum charged and advanced, or to be charged or advanced, on the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from

[Loc. & Per.'] 23 E this

2042

v Copies of i Mortgages tobeentered.

Assignments may be ransferred.

Form of

Notice of Transfers to be given to the Clerk.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ior.

this Day of in the Year of our

4 Lord for and during the Conti-

nuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with Interest atrer the Rate of fer Centum per

4 Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands

and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our

4 Lord .*

And all such Alignments shall be numbered, commencing with Number One,' and so proceeding in an Arithmetical Progression, amending; and Copies of all such Alignments, and the Numbers thereof respectively, shall he entered in a Book or Books to to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom 1/ such Alignments respectively have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time align and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Inteieft Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Fffect following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured

A 4 to Executors, Adrrvni-

strators, and Aligns, by virtue of an Alignment bearing Date the

4 Day of tinder the Hands and

Seals of of the Trustees acting in Execution

4 of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [/<?/ forth the Title of this Act]

4 or made in the Fifth or Ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, or in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled [Jet forth the Titles of the said recited Acts, as the Case may 4 be] upon the Credit of the said Act, Do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all the Principal and Interest Money

now due and owing thereon, unto C.D. Executors, Administra-

tors, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord .*

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned, to be transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Alignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Five Shillings, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefic thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made

thereof

204;

46° GEORGII III. Cap. toi.

thereof os aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or P^r-fotts rhakinL such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the faitie, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof* and all Persons to whom such Alignments or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid (as well such Alignments m»de by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any* of

them, so far as the fame rt ate to the Road to be amended, widened, or repaired, by virtue of this Act) shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Decree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Alignments: Provided nevertheless, Notice to be thar before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, given pre-Twenty Days Notice at the lead shall be given of the Intention of borrowing f.ich Money, by inserting the fame in some Newspaper published Money. in the Did Counties of Kildare and Carlow.

XXXVIII. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any Per- Creditors to

foil or Persons who shall advance and lend any Money upon the Credit Pa,d

of the Did Tolls; Be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, a ot' when and as often as there shall be an Overplus of Money received by virtue of this Act, equal to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, after Payment of the Interest of the Money borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Roads, or of any of them, or of this Act, and of the Principal Money borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Ro=ds, and of the several Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution (if there lli-.ll be more Creditors than One) catife Twenty-one Days Notice to be given of the lame, in some Newspaper published within the said Counties of Kildare and Carlow, and shall, upon the Day appointed in the said Norice, Cause the Numbers of all Alignments granted, and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Tolls, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Alignments or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Trustees, and after every such Ballot the said Trustees shall cause Notice, signed by

rheir Clerk, to be given to or left at the 1 aft or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Pet Tons who shall be entitled to the

Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot j and where there is

only One Creditor, a-Notice shall be given One Calendar Mon;h to such Creditor, of the Intention of the said Trustees to pay him or her as alortsaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid olf, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the fame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being fconer than One Calendar Month after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Money to be so paid off, shall, from and after the Day to be so specified, cease, and be no longer paid or payable, un-leis such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money, in respect whereof such Notice, shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day to be so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

204+ +6* GGEORG 11 III. Cap. 101.

Trustees may

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to nc-rter and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered from ofeanyUpart Time to Time as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, of the Road, shorten, Vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Road comprized in this Act; and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interfiled therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and amaycon- for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, tract for the or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly autho-for* rize(* and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the that Purpo.lt. said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purchasr thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or any Parc thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Parc of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall, by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds, shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be, a public and common Highway, and to be Part of the Road to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Road as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or confirming the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person. or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bell Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being execured by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kildare', or for the said County of Carlow, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Corporations

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to &c. empew- and for all Bodies politic. Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations exed to treat, aggregate or lole, Tenants for Lite, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trulls, Idiots,. Lunatics, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

to

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioi: 2045

to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Fart thereof, or for their Intend therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contrails, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding j and that all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives,

Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees,

Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for What they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Incafcof Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tene- Person* re. ments, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary f^?ant80Jonot or proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, agreeing, a or any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Jury to settle aggregate or foie, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other the Recom* Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or less in Writing, Pence* at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Kildare, or of the said County of Carlow, or County of the City of Kilkenny, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Premises in question shall lie or be situate, (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer,) what Damages will be sustained by, and what R.ecompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon account of the taking or tifing of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Seven or more o( them, are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Juryaupon Oath, (which Oath the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to atjminister); and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict.or Inquisition of the said Jury which said Verdict,

*£Loc. fc? Per.] 23 F or

3046 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

Verdiflof or Inquisit'On and Judgment, Order or Determination, so had and made, beVna? *° binding, and conctufive, to all Intents and Purposes what-

a' soever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and every such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, and Person anyw'fe interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed, to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or upon paying the fame into the Bank of Ireland in manner by this Act directed, ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to caul'e the Premises in respect whereof fuqh Money shall be assessed to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were unrenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or issue^War10 Persons entitled thereto; and for fumraoning and returning any such rapt for She- Jury* the said Trustees are hereby empowered to ifiuc out their Warrant: riffs 10 sum- or Warrants, signed by any Seven or more of them, to the Sheriff of the won Jury, f^id County of Kildare, or Sheriff of the said County of Carlow, in their respective Jurisdictions, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriffs respectively to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or ouc of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons who shall1 be the Juty for the Purposes aforesaid, and in default of a sufficienc Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner, as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin is or shall be by Law Sheriff*. &c. entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any r*Nb*i aeCf rea^ona^c Fine or Fines on such Sheriffs respectively, or their respective puljr>8 Deputies, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons. who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury1 and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who being summoned or required to, give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or be examined, or! give Evidence touching the fame, but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence.

Owners of

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherever Land used in the Gourse of any Part- of the said Road shall be altered by this wvv Road '^'ct, anc* a acw Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining

Land,

46* GEORG!l III. Cap. lot. 2047

Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such.old Road shall be first made tohaveihc to the Owner of such adjoining Land, which shall be cut and used ®rl( °of of for the Purpose of making such new Road; and in case such Owner goad, shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the Laid Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be dtfiroua of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin-, and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where such old Road shall lie, (fating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf o( the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed, or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be; and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to,or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owned or Owners 'respectively, shall be willing and consent to rake such Old' Road in exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person or Persons by entering the feme in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Seven or more of the fa: j Trustees, whiqh Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and he available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall Bv whom th» give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment.for more Money than shall, E*P">«jof by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the sum- be'piidf " moning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Jntefeft, or Property,or Damage as aforesaid, or for Ws Money than shall have been offered, to be accepted or taken by dr oti Behalf of’thd said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, shall be borqe and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if arty such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall, by or m Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning ;ud returning such Jury; as a Recoiiipenct or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property,

2048

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ior.

Property, or Damage, as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall hare been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise, (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame,) and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so afieffed and adjudged, as so muc,h Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for Trustees to the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all payExpences Cafes where any Person or Persons' shall, by reason of Absence, have from>abr nS keen Prcvcntec^ from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and fencearepre- Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner vented from aforesaid. treating.

Houses.&c.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein not to be in- contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the j.red. said Trustees to take, use, injure, or damige any Dwelling House or other Building built of Stone and Mortar, or Brick and Mortar, or any Garden walled in, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or other Ground, so as that such Wall be of the Height of Fiv,e Feet, and made with Lime, Mortar, and Brifck, or Stone, or any planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

Application

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, ct Compen- or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene-fnion.if merits, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the amounting powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Jfxecutor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ccftuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds* with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Pet foil or Persons who would, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in

Qtfcharge

4.6* G E OR GII nr. Cap. 'ioi. 204.9

Discharge of any Debtmr Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting trie lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money fifall no* be la applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, ufc lor c.-.e like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of oilier Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, ani.

Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which (Halt be so puf'Chaied,- taken, or used as a/orclaid, fl/iou settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making1 such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiting undetermined and c paois of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such. Purchase (halt be mide, the said Money by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said, Accountant General, in his n

Name, in the Purchase of Government Securities.; ^ndlin the mean Time and until the said Goverpipent Securities shall b« otdeted by the said Court to be sold for the Pusposes aforesaid, the I>tvidends and Annual Produce of such Government Securities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have bren entitled co the Rents and Profits, of the said Lands, Tenements, and, Hereditaments so hereby directed to be p irchaled by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

; 1 ./ fvi,; j . 1 , j r> if 1

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- Application ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, th'an aoolT and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under and exced-any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall bd less? chaff the bum of »ng aol*

Two hundred Pounds, and (hah exceed or be equal to trie Sum of Twenty. Pounds, then and in all such Ctfes the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons far the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, ldiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be pa:d into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Seven or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and ar proving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall

[Z.M. IS Fir.] 23 G be lha" oj.

20^0

In caff of not making out

Titles}

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid toe he Persons who shall be in PofiVffion of the Land,&c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ior.

be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled co the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall thirik fit or in case of Infancy, ldiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall retufe to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be round or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands* Tenements, or Hereditamenrs* be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said TrulleCs, or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \describng them]; subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall fecm meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distri* but:on thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate of bftaces, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Government Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Perl'on or Persons>

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioi. 2051

fons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such entitled

Lands, Tenements-, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession,

until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of such'poflef-

Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of such Government Securi- Hon, unless

lies, and also the Capital of such Government Securities, shall be paid, &c*

applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to

the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that

some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest

therein.

L Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of The Court any Disabilicy or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, of Chancery entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchaseci' under thd Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall Rxpenceiot be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied to Purchases to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be set- be F®td by tied to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful the Iru,tc€s ro and for the said Court of Chance y, to order the Expences of all Pur-ehales from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue <if this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Forgetting to and for the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, Materials to and to and for all such Persons as they respectively shall appoint, to learch for, cut, dig for, get, gather, and takeaway any Furze, Heath,

Beach, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Hoad, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground,

River, or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Districe, or Place, ift or near which any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, altered, or repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Pa(P*ngers or Cattle } and al o that such Surveyor or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and ligned by the Clerk to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden walled-in, Orchard, Yard, Park,

Paddock, or Field inclosed in with Wall made of Lime, Mortar, and Stone, or Brick, of the Height of Five Feet at the least, Walk, or Walks, or Avenue to a Home, or any Piece of Ground planted and let apait as a Nurlery for Trees) making or tendering such Satisfaction

2052 46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioi.

tisfaction for the Damages done thereby, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cur, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Road shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable , and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Serveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be laW'ul to and for any One or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away or over, on Three Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other or left at their respective Places of Abode; to hear, settle, and determine such Payment and Damages; and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

cn^o^he ^11. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Occupiers of not lawM for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting un-» inclosed der the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away

Lands before any tVjaterials for repairing such Road, out of or from any inclosed

ar/toTe* ^ands or Grounds, until Notice in, Writing, signed by the Surveyor,

taken. shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or One of more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to Ihcw Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Gruunds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not Ihcw sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, take, and carry away such Ma trials, ac such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall Item proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by.,himself or his Agent pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupjer or his Agent had attended.

Penalty on t,

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who-taking away soever shall remove or take away any Stones or Gravel, or other Mace-Maierials. rja|s jajj Upon the said Roa$i for the Repair thereof, wichourthe Order of the said Trustees, or of their Surveyor or Surve)ors for that Purpose, or if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take awajTany Scones or Gravel, or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Trustees, or their Staveyor or Surveyors,* in any Lands, Fields, Grounds, River, or Brook, for the Purpose of amepding the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or tak^ ‘away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Road, or any Par: or Parts thereof, before the said surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have diicqpticued working

therein

v*|.

2053

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 dr.

therein for the Space of Six Weeks' (Accept the OwneT or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his pr her own private Use only, arid riot for Sale) every Person so offending fir all forfeit for every such Offence any Storirnot exceeding Forty Shillings.

LfV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom'Be Or-they shall appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and rnake any Drain's or Ditches, through dr'into any Lands or Grourids adjoiningor lying contiguoos to any Part of the said Road, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary.and.proper, for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Ijtoad. and also p> make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining ter fny narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Rbad (not being a Garden WaHid id, Orchard; Yard, Patk, Paddock, planted Walk,dr Avenrif to any House) to be made use of as' a public Highway, tvhrlft the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are widening; br repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and sese for the Passage of Travellers 4nd Carriages, making such' reafohable Satisfaction to the Owners, and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into Which any such l>afc shall be cbr or oh of over which any such' tempo-i.iry RoiiHhair^'rifiddhi ft ' tftrtiiges which "Rich Owners or Decuple’ rdpccp.el; < or m..y thereby fultaih, as shall be adjudged reasonable by she laFd';? rhftees s and in case: any. Difference shall happen between such Owners of, Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then and in every such Case the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Qbarrer Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of KUdatyb r. County of Carlo at, according to the Jurisdiction jn Which the Lind foil lie, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Time af dorhg inch Damage, fhdl and thby are hereby authorized and repaired tb hear, settle^, and determine the Tame; and their Deter itiination (herein shall be final and condusive.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they1 shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands or any One or snore of the said Trustees) from time to time to remove and prevent

all Annoyances fit Nuisances on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Ralls, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Polls, and also by Filth, Dung, 1 ' Allies.Jtubbifhor otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or

Dru.as tunning roto, along, or out of any Part of the said Road to the prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they fhait think proper^ and to cleanle any Di.ch or Watercourse next adjoining tb any Part of the said Road, and to cut down, (of) or top any Trees' or Bullies growing in any Part of the said Road, or in the Hedges of Bank's adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cieanfetuch Ditch or Watercourse, or to,cut down, lop, or top such T-c or Bullies, shall refuse or neglect to do fa for the Space of Threb Days next after Notice in WVHifflfivth for that Purpose, signed by any One or more of the said Trbltces, or by their Surveyor of Surveyors, the Charges whereof 23 H shall

Surveyor to

makeDrainij

&c.

making reasonable Satisfaction.

In case of Difference Justices in Sessions to determine the same.

Surveyor may remove

ao54

Penalty on drawing Timber or Stone un the Road otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage.

Roads to be measured,

and Mile Stones to be let,up.

Penalty on damaging Mile Stones.

For preventing Annoyances, &c.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by the Person or Persons refilling or neglecting as aforesaid j and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LVl. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Parx of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any WJj^el, Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Road to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at of near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and Polls to be erected to denote the Distance of every such Port from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Ports upon such Parts of the said Road where the same are crossed or joined by other Roads, and also Tables of the Tolls at each Turnpike Gate, as they shall judge proper $ and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any Milestone, Table of Tolls, or Port erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Table of Tolls, Port, or Parapet Wall so broken, thrown down, injured or deftrpyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall be so obliterated or defaced. One Moiety whereof shall goto the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or drive, or lead any Hoise, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Ports or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Parc of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horle or other Beast drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof j or if any Person shall keep

Of

2055

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lor.

or hive in his Possession any Cur Dog, Bull Dog, or Mastiff,at any House within Fifty Yards of the Road, without a Block of Wood of Five Pounds Weight at lei ft fattened to the Neck of such Dog; or if any Person shall (crape off any Mud, Soil; or other Matter or Thing , which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry (without some reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Road as conveniently as may be) in, upon, or on the Side of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall Xpread any Skins or Linen, or Cloaths to dry, or shall winnow any Corn within Fifty Feet, of the Cenrer of any Part of such Road, or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, toi the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person 'T Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Imformer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the s of this Act.

LIX. And whereas bad Accidents may happen, and great Mischiefs done upon the said Road, by the Negligence or wilful Milhehaviour of Persons riding Horses and driving Carriages thereon; be it therefore further enacted, That'if anjf Person shall ride any Horse or other Bead, or shall lead or drive any Carriage on the said Road, save and except on that Side of the Road situate on his or her left Hand, when meeting any other Carriage i or if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, M or Waggon, or other such Carriage, shall ride upon any such Carriage on the said Road, not having Tome other Person on Foot or on Horseback to guide the fame (save and except all such Carriages as are conducted by some Person holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Bealls drawing the fame); or if the Driver of any Carriage whatsoever on any Part of the said Road, shall, by Negligence or wilful Milhehaviour, cause any Hurt or Damage to any Person or Carriage passing along such Road, or shall quit the said Road, and go on the other Side of the Hedge or Fence inclosing the fame, or wilfully be at such a Distance from such Carriage, while it shall be passing on such Road, that such Driver cannot have the Direction or Government of the Horse or Horses, or other Beall or Bealls drawing the fame, or shall, by Negligence or wilful Milhehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interupt the V1 free Passage of any other Carriage, or of any of His Majesty's Subjects on the said Road; or if any Person driving, or acting as the Driver of any Coach, Pod Chaise, or other Carriage let for Hire, or of any Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, or Waggon, or other such Carraige, and Committing any Offence or Offences against this Act, shall refule to

' #, a discover

Drivers of Carriages punishabld for wilful ’ Neglect*

2cs6

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ion

discover (on being the reunto required by any Person or Persons whortl-soever) the true Christian Nameor Names, and Surname or Surnames of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Coach, Poll Chaise, Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage reflectively, then and in every such Case every such Driver so offending, shall for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, either by his own Confefilon or by the View of a Justice of the Peace, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay any Sum not: exceeding Forty Shillings, in case such Driver shall not be the Owner or Proprietor of such Coach, Post: Chaise, Carr, Car, Dray* Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, and in case such Driver shall be the Owner or Proprietor of such Coach, Post Chaise, Cart, Car* Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, such Driver shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds j and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee pnyf such Offence committed, to seize and apprehend, and also to and for any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to assist in seizing and apprehending every such Driver so offending, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her^'or them, into the Custody of a Constable or other Peace Officer, in'order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, to be dealt with according to Law.

LX. And be it fuFthct enacted, That if any P«rfon shall obstruct*

hinder, or molest any of the fat'd Trustees, Or any Collector of Tolls’* Clerk, Surveyor, Workman, or other Person or Persons whomsoever* who is or are employed in carrying this Act into Execution, in the Performance or Execution of his, her, or theft Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done by virtue or in pursuance thereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Penalty on

LXI. And be further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Person* any Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the said Trustees or* guilty of Per- any Q£ them, or any Justice of the Peace acting in Execution of jury* this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence touching any

Matter or Thing relating to this Act, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and 19 hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by* any Law in Force and Effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

Power to

LXII. And whereas Persons. guilty of Offences against this Act may Collectors be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Of-&Cul?dfUI ficers under this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act/ and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than; this Act for so doing. A' e

* ' . XXIII.‘And

Penalty on

obstructing the Act.

persons guilty of Offences.

M V

4.6s GEORGII III. Cap. 101. 2057

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expence of Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, Hull in the First Place be paid and defrayed out of any Mo- paidomof nies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the the Tell*. Road to be amended by virtue of this Act, or out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or collected by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from time to time be applied! in repaying the Monies due by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the Credit of the Tolls collected on such Road, and to g‘Ow due and to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures R-coyery by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recover- and Applica-ing whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied s00 ot *«-and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the n"lue* Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kildare or County of Carlow, where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath) and the Overplus, if ny, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducri ig the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the County,

City, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Twenty-one Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery tncre-of, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Con- Form of viction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against nis ConviSici. Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say

Si E it Remembered, That on this Day of in

JO ‘ *he Year of the Reign of

c A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of having [as the Offence shall be] and I (or, we] the said do adjudge him [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

f Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day

and Year aforesaid."

2058

Actions to be brousrht in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerk, or One of the Trustees;

bur neither of them to be liable to the Payment of Colts.

Allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Dill refs not to be unlawful for want of Form.

Proceedings not to be quashtd for want of Form, or be removeable by Certiorari.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against arty Person or Personsf by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the Tame may he brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, on behalf of the said Tru lees; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinUed by the Death Or Removal of the Person in whose Name the fame shalt be brought but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them1, shall be subject to the Payment of any Coifs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such C6fts and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar ifanv Person or Perlbfis shall think himself, herself, or themP-lyes, aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First G neral or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hoi den for the County or Place within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, next after the Expiration of Six Ca^ lend'ar Mdr/ths from the Tirhe such Matter of Appeal shall have anfen, the Person or Persons appealing having Fuft given Twenty-one D.iys Notice at least, bf'hfs, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasuref or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before fame Justicfc of the Peace for such Count v, with sufficient Sureties Conditioned to try Rich Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sc (lions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered info, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of fucTi Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they shall judge proper* and all such Determinations shall be final, binding, and Chnclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for kny Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall noc be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deeemd a TrespalTer or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings rejating thereto nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers* ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the specjal Damage in an Action upo'd the Cafe.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdicf, Assessment. Judgment, 01 other Proceedings made touching or concerrung any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Convicti'bri of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, {half be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable b*y Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His y - 'Majesty’s

2059

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioi.

Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin j any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further! enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Plaintiffs not shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Perf< n or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Wit- |jc/ [Ct ing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defedanis Twenty Days t er of before such Action be commenced, of such intended Action, signeJ by amends, the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Caule of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action LimimTon or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing of Adiona. done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months iuxt after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be b.ought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arile, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after i'ufficiem Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the lame as aforesaid, or shall be brought in an* other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the P»ainnff or PlnntilFs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon i Jemurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

[Public Act.]

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, wituouc being specially pleaded.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall co mmence Continutnct and take place on the Twenty fiilt Day of July after the passing the re- cfihi»A&» of, and shalibe in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Primed by Ge roe Eyrb and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

>1 (:\ .!!;

:; . 12

;*«f‘ ' -*'

r- ' H:

I . ' V /.f ' t . 7I-1 ' n.

J- r 1 r’i v' If!

' 1 1: - " ' -

It ' . ' ': t, t'-.. -- It . Ii»'v} . - 7i IS

*W5fr

w, s.j ... a

' im

"I T«;.» s ' - -*~'- ’(<!> W? , *j

S s>'; . TV '

jvi?v i t LiU. I: j. tl i,i

t

‘.'5 h , f' ' J

rt ' jj»:L

o v"... > b a.

.«, s A ": .1 9 '

/: ";fr V.it n: <:. ->*iA H 9*-UjH/n 90 '

. > ' . ... i

’ *' .

$'# i—A «!’ t~,;

: Mi '

f. »jf ‘M j

ANNO QlfADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

M 1I*»

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading frortl the West End of the Town of Beaconsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the First;, intituled, An Act 7g.i. c.t* for repairing the Road from Wendover is the Town ^Buckingham, in the County of Bucks: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign oi Ills late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act, made in the Seventh *5^.2. c. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, ‘An Act for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham,

‘ in the County of Bucks, and for building a Bridge at Padbury, and making it a County BridgeAnd whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Bowers granted by Two Acts mG.». of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of ducks, and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the H'efl End of the said Town of Wendover to tie End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road culled the Oxford Road,

[Lee. & Per.3 23 I lying

2058

46j GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

tying befween the Town of Beacor.sfield, in tie )did County of Bucks, and Uxbridge, infix County of Middlesex, and that Part ofth:said great Road which fc&dsfrom the West Endcf the said Town of Beacon vfield to the River Colne, near Uxbridge afertfatd ? And whereas an Act was p?ffi-d in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King Georgii the 19 G*3' c *3- Third, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Pou?rs of Th, u A&$9 passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fiifi ti»d in the Fifteenth and Twenty fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, f$r repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of Buckingham, fi far as the fame relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Beacons field, to within Ha fa Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, whereby , the said several Acts, passed in the Seventh Year of King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Twenty^fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the fame relate to the said Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Beaconsjteld, to within Half a Mile of the said River Colne, were to continue in force for and during the Term thereby granted: And whereas the Trustees appojnted in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities thereby vested in them, and fiave for that Purpose bottomed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road, leading from the West End of the said Town of Beacbnsfeld, to within Half a Mile of the hid River Colne, which still remain due and owing: And whereas the Money so due cannot be paid off, nor can the said last-mentioned Road be kept in Repair and properly improved, unless the Term of the said Acts, with respect to the said last-mentioned Road, continued; and the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts having been found, in many Respects, defective and inefficient, it is expedient that the said Acts, so Jar as the fame relate to the said Road leading from the Well End of the said Town of Beaconsfeld, to within Haifa Mile of the said River Coins, should be repealed, and further and other Powers grained instead thereof; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it 011adied by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-Former AOs liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and rhcFirttl>if? atttr the First Monday next after the passing of this Act, the said Act tris. and this passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King..... place^nitead ^9rge the First, the said Acts passed in the Fifteenth and Twenty-fourth thereof. Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and the said Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, so far only as they relate to or concern the said Road leading from the West End of the said Town o t Beaconsfeld, to within Half a Mile of the said River Colne, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and this Act, and the Term and Tofts hereby gran ed, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, or are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said recited Acts, or either of them, on the said last-mentioned Road, and ol ail Inter eft due and to grew due rhereon respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies hr i been borrowed, or become due and owing on the Credit or on Account of this AfiC

+6" GliOttGTI ill. Ciap. lot. 2059

II. And be it further enact'd, Th^t the Most Honourable William Tiuftce*. Henry Cavendish Scolt Beniinck conlinonly called Marquis of Tiictfold, the Right H-nourable Richard Grenville Nugent Chandos Temple commonly called Earl Temple, the Right Honourable George Augujiut Henry Cavert-dish commonly called Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendtfk, the Right Honourable John Hamilton Fitzmaurice common1/ called Lord Viscount Kirkwall, the Honourable George Irby, Sir John Dashwood King Baronet,

Sir Francis Baring Baronet, Sir Robert Bdtcjbn Harvey Baronet, Sir Henhv Thomas Cott, Sir George Toting Knight, the Reverend the Archdeacon of Bucks, Henry Ailnntt, Henry Alnutj the younger* Benjamin Anderson Gierk, John Bates, Joseph Bei!, William Ball, Thomas Stanhope Badcock,

John Charjley, John Carter, Charles Clark, Richard Calvert, John Hctiry Campbell, Robert Chdrjley, Robe* l Crook, William Davis, William Drake,

James Dupre. John Drake Clerk, Thomas Drake Tyrwhit Drake, Thomas Edmunds, William Eaf, Samuel Ferris Doctor of Physic.k, Williatn Frcgat%

Thomas h'o/ier, Edmund Grove, Pafcoe Grenfcil, Thomas Grove, John Hollis, Thomas Hibbert, Christopher Hill, Richard Ibbotfon, William Jones Clerk, Isaac King, Robert Lunnon, John Lawrence, Thomas Liidbey, William Lowndes, Richard Lcnfdale, Fran'cis Sackville Lloyd, Samuel Manning,

John Manning Clerk, John Middleton Clerk, John Mason, Francis Peter Mallet, Thomas Mason, William Moore, Peter Parkerr James Price Clerk,

John Penn, Robert JQuarme, Thomas Rose, Thomas Rose, Freeman Gage Spicer, Thomas Drake Tyrwhit, Samuel Wells, Benjamin Way, Harry Waller Clerk, Edmund Waller, Joseph Wells Clerk, Do£tov in Divinity,

William Way Clerk, Owen Williams, Thomas Wilkinjon, Benjamin Way the younger, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, widening improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Beacomfield, to within Half a Mile of the said River Colne, and for other wise putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Trustees named Powerto in or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die or refuse to ad, it xrusteesf* shall be lawful for any Five Or more of ihesurviviagor remaining Trustees,

by Writing under their Hands (at any Meeting whereof at least Seven Days Notice shall have been given upon all the loll Gates erected or to be erecred on the said Road hereby intended to be repaired, and in forne Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, specifying that an Appointment of new Trustees is intended to be made at such Meeting) to nominate and appoint foine other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of such Trustee to dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every Person lb nominated and appointed (being qualified as by this Act is requirea) shall have the like Power and Authority to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, as the Person had in whose Stead he shall be appointed.

IV. And be it further erased, That no Person shall be capable of

acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall in his 0 r e<" own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession or Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments in the County of Buckingham, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds: And it any Person hereby deemed incapable to act Penalty oo shall presume to act in the Execcrt ion of this Act, every such Person shall, for (j every

2q6o

46° GEORGII III. Cup* to2«

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Perfomor Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, wherein no Eftbign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed } and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution TnifKc^fwd* l^is > and no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution n;,r any v c- of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time in which he shall ui,?er>r any ^ace under this Act, or in any Case where he shall be

of aTrufeeio Rffrfonally interested; nor shall any Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, ii id i'iace of or Spirituous Liquors, or any menial Servant of any Trustee, be capable 1 " ht‘ of holding any Piace of Profit under this Act.

Validating V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Acts which qusSted'"* (Hall have been done by any such Person touching the Execution of this, 'fruiice. !>*- Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, <«ou.tOBV C* (b*ll, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Trustee-: may sue, &c. in the Name ot il>e Treasurtroi Clc.k.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued, for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being,) nqd that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk, nor by the Act of such Treasurer or Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said 1 rustees shall be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Clerk, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, pnfecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully indemnified, reimburseu, and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceedings he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff' or Defendant as alortiaid.

Trmlec First

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Meeting. more of them, shall meet at the Saracens Head Inn, or some other House in Beaconsjieid aforesaid, on the Tuesday Sevennight next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ele-en of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, and fiiaii then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there or at ary o’.her Place on or near the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and appoint, as oiten as it shall be necessiiiy for putting this Act in Execution: Provided always, that 1 wo Trustees shall be lutficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only j Jiou.M.* and that in case a tompetem Number of Trustees shall not appear at any Time

2061

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

Time and Place appointed for a Meeting of the Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, either to act or to adjourn to ary other Time, or in Case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then and in either of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, by a Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected upon the said Road, or inferred in fame Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, at leak Seven Days before the uext Meeting, to appoint them to meet at the same Place where the last Meeting was held or was appointed to have been held, on such future Day as shall be specified in such Notice, nor exceeding Four Weeks after rue Day on which such last Meeting was held or was to have been held as aforesaid; and in case such Clerk or Treasurer respectively shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three of the said Trustees, although not act’embied at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after such Refusal,

Neglect, or Prevention respectively as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed or inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at <ome House on or near to the said Road, uponfome Day within Four Weeks next after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Meeting!on the said Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that they should meet at an EmeiSCl c e8* earlier Day than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe

the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in such Order (such Time not being Itfs than Seven Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and the Proceedings of the TrulUes at all such Meetings as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Acr, and not otherwise (except as herein mentioned); and no Order or Determination shall be made, unless the major Part 01 the Trustees present at any Meeting shall concur therein; and all such Trustees as are Tr1^P*rj^in®' Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, not- Jit iTiach. withstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made How Orders by any Five or more of the said Trustees shall be revoked or altered, unless be evoked*.W Five Trustees at least be then present, and Three or more of them shall

concur therein.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of ^T^en'eSi the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that in

Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Trustees making the fume, or the major Part of them, or by their Clerk by their Order, which said Bool; or Books, and also the Books herein-after directed to be kept for r^giftering Mortgages and Assignments [Lac. & Ptr.~\ 23 K of

ic(>2

fruttrts to Appoint Oiticei i.

Officers to Account,

punish'.drf

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

of Tolls, or Traifscripts thereof, signed by the Clerk to the said Trurfeesy shall and may be read in Evidence in Cafes of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions touching any Thing done cr to be done in pursuance of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said iTrustees, or any Five or mote of them, at their First or any subsequent Meeting, as Occasion shall require, may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and a Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of such Money as shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary and proper to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and also may n move frorfi Time to Time all such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall fee Occasion; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money to be raffed or received by virtue cf this Act, make such Allowance unto the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in a d about the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper; and every Officer and Person who shall be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing tinder their Hands, make out and deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in W'rting under his or her Hand, of all Monies which shall have been by him or her had, collected, or received, and how and to whom, and for what Purpose the fame and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together ^vith the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify such Account upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath the said Trustees, or any One of them, are or is hereby empowered to administer); and every such Officer or Person shall and is hereby required to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance of such Account shall appear to be owing from him or her, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officer or Person (half refuse or neglect to render and deliver such Account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up :he V uchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or to pay the Balance thereof when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; or shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, thall appoint, within Seven Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by such other Person or Persons, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or her Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case, Complaint being made i hereof by the said 1 rustees, or any Five or more of them, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Person so neglecting or re-fufrng shall live or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and r quired, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and upon his or her appearing or not

" GEOilGII 111. Cap. 102. 2063

being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of fdch Complaint in a summary Way, and to lettle the said Account, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, might have done; and if, upon the Confession of the Officer or Per foil against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witness’es, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received, shall be in the Hands of, or owing from such Officer or Person, such Justice mav, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of taking and making such Distress, and of felling the fame, or if such Officer or Person shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver to the said Justice such Account in Writing as aforesaid, or to verify the fame on Oath as afore-fai ', if so required by the said Justice, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Account, or to deliver up as aforesaid all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand, and Seal, to commit such Officer or Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where he or (lie shall live or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or (lie shall have delivered in and settled such Account, and have verified the fame upon Oath as aforesaid, and (Hall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in the Hands of or owing from him or her, and the reasonable Charges of such DifUefs and Sale (if any) as shall in that respect have been made, or until he or she shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for such Money and Charges, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make) and shall have delivered up as aforesaid such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be detained in P.ifon lor any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. And be it enacted, That each and every Treasurer, Clerk, Col- Old offers to lector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers, nominated ^wObWIIc and appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of applied, them, shall hola and enjoy their several and respective Offices ana Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Irustees; and each and every such Treasurer, Clerk, Col left or, and other Officer and Officers shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pams and Penalties, and to the line, Powers ct Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, in all Relpcfts whatsoever, as if he and they had been nominated and, appointed by virtue ef this Act.

2064

freasurer to Live Security.

Persons who' have received Tolls, &c. under the tOJIn'T Acts to account.

Trustee* rr.ay

Power to continne ami erect Toll Gate*, Sic.

46"’ GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized, directed, and required to take, such Security from the Treasurer or Treafimrs to be appointed for the Purpoits of this Act, for t‘ie due Execution of his and their said Office and Offices, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet.

XIV. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been employed to receive, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Monies by virtue or on Account of the said recited Acts, or shall have in his or her Custody or Possession, any Vouchers, Books, Accounts, Papers. Writings, or other Things relating to the said Road hereby intended to be repaired, shall account for and deliver the fame, and every Par: thereof, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the like Manner and under the like Penalties as any other Officer or Per-m i hciein-before directed to account and deliver.

V7. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls by this Act granted, shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, any Two or more of the said Trustees (though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act) may difehar^e such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or being incapable of performing his Duty, or abfronding or absenting himself; and in such Case, and also in case any such Collector or Receiver shall die, the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the ffiid Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver who shall so die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Rdpccts, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and if any Collector or Rtceiver of the said Toil*, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, 01 any of the Children, Family, or other Representative or Reprefematives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll Gate or TollPIoufe, or any of the Appurtenances thereof, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Two or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at any Meeting) or by their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, then and in any of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constablq or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to.enter such House and Appuriepances in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Person s who shall be found therein, or in Possession of the said Gate, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of and from the same, and to put the said Trustees, of any of Aem, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Possession of such Toll House, Appurtenances, and Gate.

XVI. And be it further enactSS,*fhat the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall or mhv, as they shall think proper, continue or remove 6 alt

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102. 2065

tftl or any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, and may erett and let up, or cause to be erected and let up, any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or l’arts of the said Road leading from the Well End of the Taid Town of Beacomfield, to within Half a Mile of the River Colne., and upon the Sides thereof, and also across any Lane 01 Way leading into or out of the fame; and may also continue, erett, or provide a 'roll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniencies, at or near each Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such 'l oll Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think expedient; and also m «y take in and inclose from the said Road convenient Garden Spots for the said Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One Eighth Part of an Acre to each Toll House: Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled, that no Gate or Turnpike shall be erected nearer to the said Town of Uxbridge, than the Well Corner of the Lane called Oak Lane, next to tile laid Road called Th% Oxford Road.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Sums following Toll? to he shall (under the Provisions and Restrictions herein-after contained) be t,kcn* demanded and taken at each and every of such Toll Gates, from the Owner or Owners of, or Person or Persons using or attending any Horse,

Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpose, before any such Horse, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; that is to say,

For every Ilbrfe, Mare, or Gelding dra wing any Coach, Chariot, Landau; ToKs. Berlin, Chaise, Calalh, Chair, Hearse, or drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

fror every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score $ and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every D'OveofKogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Numbe'.

Provided always, that no more than One Half of the said Tolls shall Half t<!1 for be paid in respect of Waggons, Wains, or Carts, having the Fellies luth of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Indies, and rolling a Surface of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof, or moving on Rollers with Hat Surfaces of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof; which laid resprctive Sums of Money, hereby authorized to be taken as aforesaid, shall be demanded and taken in the Name of, or as Tolls, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed; and if any Person, subject or liable to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refute to pay the fame, or any Part or Pzrts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized and appointed as nfore&id to collect such Tolls by hitnfeif or themselves, or taking tuch Afliftanceas he or they shall think necessary, to fe*ze and distrainany Caule or other Thing, upon or in lefped of which such To I is-hereby imposed, together wi h their respective Bridhs, Saddles, Gears, Harnels, or Accoutrements, or any ‘ [Lor. Per."} 23 L Carriage

2oS6

Ctnnng fS settled.

Collectors of I oils comp ent Wiuicfles.

Trustees may set itic TuU.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

Carriage in reflect of the Horses or Cattle drawing the Carriage on which fitch Toll is imposed, or any of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting; arid if the Toll, or any Part thereof, I’o neglected or retuled to be paid, and the realisable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within th Space of Five Days next aftbr such Seizure and Diltrrfs made, the Person or Persons so feiz-injr and didrainii g mav fell the Cattle, Carriage, or Things so seizedand distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus of the Money to arise by such Sale (if am) and what shall remain u Told, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Toll, and the realm able Charges occasioned by such Seizure, DistreL, and Sale, shall be deducted*

XVIII. Provided always, andbr it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of Keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the fame, or the M mey arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen) until the Amount of Toll due, and Charges of leiz ng, dif-training, keeping, and felling (as the Case shall happen) shall be ascertained by O. e or more Justicr or Justices of he Peace for the County of Buc ingham, who, upon Application made to him or them for that Pir-p< fe, shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parties, or other W t-ness or Witnesses, and determine the Amount of the Toll due, and also assess the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sae, and also of the Collect r's Attendance f r that P- rpofs on the said Justice or Juf-ticcs; all which Sums so determined or alftffed, shall be paid to the find Collector or oth- r PeTon, before he shall be obliged to ctarn the Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in any wise relating ;o the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the lame, or any other I'erlbn or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such foils, or by reaf< n of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (at any Meeting whereof Seven Days Notice shall have been given m Writing, to be affixed upoaall the Toll Gates then erected on the said Road, and inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road) from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to demise or let to farm, or agree to demise or let to farm, all or any of the T olls arising by virtue of this Act, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, upon publick Bidding, to the highest Bidder, and for the best Price that can be gotten for the lame, payable at such Times, and to such Person or Persons, and under such Conditions and Agreements, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and the Money arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so lea ed are directed to be applied; any Thing in any Law or Statute tQ ihe contrary thereof not with (landings

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102. 2067

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden for s'

that i urpose (whereof Seven Days Notice at the lead shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Toll Gates erected on the said Road) from Time to Time (in case it shall appear requisite or expedient) to lessen and reduce, and again to raise and advance the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, or any of them, and to order the lame to be taken in such Manner,

Pa ts, and Proportions as they shall think fit, so that the respective Tolls so varied or altered never exceed the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, and so that the Tolls so granted or varied be never lessened until the Money so borrowed or secured on the Credit thereof, together woth the Intered for the fame, be repaid (except the Person or Persons entitled to Four-fifth Parts of such Money content thereto), and such Tolls or Duties so varied, and every of them, shall be collected, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner as ti e Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, are dittfted to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have paid Tolls to be the Toll by this Act granted for the passing of any Horse, Bead, or Cat- Day.Ut °‘ce tic, through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the said

Road, such Person, upon producing a Note or Picket denoting the Payment of such Toll, shall be permitted to pass through the fame Gate or Turnpike with the fame Hordes, Beads, or Cattle, Toll-free, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the Toll is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of such Toll.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls Enabling the arising by virtue of this Act, shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be lo demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Ledee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers,

shall be in Arrear by the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid, pursuant to the Agreement for demifing or letting thereof, then and in either of those Cafes the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or any other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized to enter upon and take Possession of any Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and to remove and put out such Ledee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising the reat respectively, from the Possedion thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (if they shall think fit), to vacaie and determine the Contraftor Agreement fordemifing or letting the said Tolls to such Lcffee or Lessees Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby Teferved, or other unper formed or broken Covenants or Agreements on the Lessees Part) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made j and it shall be lawful lor the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case, to demise . or

take 1* irC(Iion o Tj Houses, Sej. when lec

J

2o68

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Pt-rfoh br Perf6i.it, or cause them to be celled d, as if no farmer Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made relative thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agtee by the Year, or otherwise, with aey Person (Common Cartiers and the Proprietors of Stage Coaches only excepted} for any Sum or- Sums of Money the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think tit, for and in lieu of Payment of any of the said 'l olls; which Composition shall be immediately paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Per foils as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, and be applied in the same Manner as the Tolls so compounded for would have bevh applicable.

XXV. And be it further eha&ed, That none of the Tolls hereby authorized to-be taken shall be demanded, taken, or paid at any of the Toll Gates erc&ed or to be erected or continued upon the said Road, for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatsoever Ddscription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmalter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Maiis or Exprcfler, or in returning therefrom; nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty, nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any Tick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or ictorning from his ov. n Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or vifiring , his sick Parishioners, nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their Parochial Church, Chapel, or other ufaal Place of religious Worship on Sundays^ or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrate or attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die or be buried in any Parish, Ham'e-, or Place through which any Part of the said Road lies; nor for any Horses, Bealls, Cattle, or Carriages ultd or employed for the Purposeonly of c Trying or conveying Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to i’erve in Parliament for the County M Buckingham; or of carrying or conveying Vagrants lent by legal Pafies; or of carrying or conveying Hay, Straw, Or Com in the Straw, not sold or disposed of; or of carrying or conveying any Muck, Mould, Lime, or Compolttobe ufedonly for manuring of Land lying in any such Parish, Hamlet, or Phce as aforesaid, or returning empty after having been so emp oyed; nor for any Horses, Bealts, or Cattle pa fling in order to be used or employed only upon or for the Occupation of Land in any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, or drawing any Waggon, Cart, Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry in order to be so used of employed, or to be repaired, unkfs the Carriage bearing any such Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, be also laden with any other Thing not hereby intended to be exempted from Payment of Toll; nor for any Horse, Beall, or Cattle passing to orrefoffing from Failure upon any such Land as lait mentioned, or passing to cr repassing from Water* and for either of those Purposes going or passing only from one Parish into the luxt adjoining Parish, or not tiavelting more than Two Miles along the find Road j nor for any. Horse, Beall, or other Cattle, whe-n

going

46" GEORGII III. Cap. 102. 2069

poing tc or returning from being (hoed or farried; nor for any Horse,

Beast, or Cattle, used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying Materials for the making or repairing any Highway or publick Road within any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place as aforesaid; nor for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage which shall cross the said Roads only, or shall not pass more than One hundred Yards thereon; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, fumished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person is in the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulation appointed for such Corps, at the Time of claiming the Exemption; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any Exemption in this Act contained or provided for, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in all Cafes, the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall penally on ride, drive, go, or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, *fsonof through or over any Land, Ground, or Place, lying by the Side of or

near to any Part of the said Road, or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land, Ground, or Place situated as aforesaid (the fame not being a publick Highway, or a Road to or from some M#l) shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any other Person or Persons to go or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage through or over such Land, Ground, or Place, in order or with Intent thereby to evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or whereby or by Mean's whereof any such Etfafuin shall take place or be effected; or if any Person or Persons shall forge* counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive from any other Perlcn any Note or Ticket, with Intent to avoid or evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof; or shall unload or cause to be unloaded any Goods or other Thing, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, either before or after having passed through any Toll Gate, or, having passed through any Toll Gate, shall afterwards add or put any Horse or Beast to any Carriage for the Purpose of drawing the fame upon any Part of the Lid Road, with Intent to avoid or evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls % or if any Person or Persons shall do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid or evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, all and every such Person and Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds (over and besides such Damages and Punishments as he, she, or they shall otherwise be liable to by Law), to be recovered in such Manner as is herein-after provided for the Recovery of-Penalties and Forfeitures; One Moiety whereof, when raised, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Farmer, Rentor, or pmaltie<on Collector of Any of the said Tolls, shall demand and take, or cause to be Collector* demanded and taken, from any Person or Persons, any Toll not hereby or I "s’foils authorized to be taken, or a greater or less Toll than so authorized, fuph-than Farmer or Renter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not

[Lee, & 23 M exceeding

ao7o 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

exceeding Ten Pounds, and also his Contract for renting the Tolls, if the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit to vacate the fame; and every such Coiledor, not being the Farmer or Renter, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered in Manner herein-afrer mentioned: Provided always, ihat if the Justice by or before whom the Matter of Complaint shall be heard, shall be of Opinion that the Offender had probable Grounds, for such Demand and taking, it shall be lawful for such Justice either to mitigate the said respective Penalties, or wholly to exonerate the Offender therefrom, as such Justice shall think fit; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property in all 1 rufUet. >,n the Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and the several Conveniencies and Appurtenances thereto belonging, which are already erected or made upon or on the Sides of the said Road, or which shall beereded or made by virtue of this Act, and all Materials for building and repairing the fame, and for repairing the said Road, and all other Materials, Articles, and Things which shall be purchased, collected, or provided for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to sell or dispose of the same as they shall think proper, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer or cause to be preferred and prosecuted any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, take away, break down, or damage any of such Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Conveniencies, Appurtenances, Materials, Articles, or Things, or diiturb them, or their Agents or Servants, in the Possession thereof.

For borrowing

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five a%nin *t*11s. or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (whereof Seven Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road) may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest, such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think necessary, and they are hereby also empowered, either at such Meeting, or afterwards, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage all or any Part of the Tolls hereby granted (the Charges of mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as shall advance and lend the fame; which Mortgage shall be made in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

T> Y virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Att~\, we, Five of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer to

the said Trustees in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto A. 5., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and of the Toll Gates and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the Whole of the Monies owing and secured on the

Credit

Form of

Mortgage. 4

2071

46y GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

4 Credit thereof; to be had and holden from this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord for

and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

fer Centum per Annum, shall be sooner paid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to Mortgages to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; aVaokl*" and all and evtry Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money

thereby secured, or to whom any Mortgage or Alignment of Tolls may have been made under the said recited Acts, or any of them, may from Time to Time transfer his, her,.or their Right, Title, Interest or Benefit to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing before One credible Witness an Instrument in the following Words, or W'ords to the like Effect; (that is to say),

I A.B. do transfer this Mortgage or Security [or, a certain Mortgage f rm of 4 or Srcurity, shortly gating it, as the Case may be~\ with all my Right Transftr*

and Title to the Principal Money thereby secured, and all the Interest:

now due thereon, unto C. D., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

4 Witness E. F* 4 A. E.'

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, specifying the Date. Names of the Parties, and Amount of the Sum transferred, for which Entry the said Clerk or Treasurer (flail be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Exe-cuiors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be lad transferred; to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Preference No Priority of shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of

Money upon the Credit of this Act, or who shall have already advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said recited Aft3 or either of them, in respect of the Priority of advancing, or of having advanced any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Alignments have been or shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Tolls in equahDegree one with another.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any oidMort Five or mere of them, shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in

and cancel all or any of the Mortgages made by virtue of the said recited 'new ones Acts or either of them, and give and execute another Mortgage or other S,a, Utd-Mortgages in lieu thereof respectively, in Manner and transferable as herein-before mentioned.

2072 4-6' GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

u>«?Monlun of

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That out of any Montes already y' received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the Tolls and all other Monies which shall be raised or received by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, in the first Piace, pay and discharge all the Colts and Expences relative to procuring and passing this Act, and then the Remainder of all such Monies shall, from Time to Time, be applied in repaying the Money borrowed or now owing by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or to be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, and in repairing, improving, and rendering commodious the said Road, and in otherwii'e putting this Act in Execution, and to or lor no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Surveycri m?j get Material, in WajUt, &c. without pay-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees and all such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, lake, and carry away any Materials for repairing the said Road, out of any Waste or Common in or near which any Part of the said Road lies, without paying any Thing for such Materials, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Grounds, or Hoping down the Banks wherefrom such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same shall not be dangerous to any Persons or Cattle, and paying for the Damages done by going through and over any Lands or Grounds for or with such Materials (such Damages to be ascertained as herein-after mentioned); and also that it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint-, to search for, dig, gather, take, and carry away any such Materials, in or out of the Land of any Person snot being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and let apart as a Nursery for Tree*,) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done to the Owners or Occupieis of such Land where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the lame or any other Materials for repairing the said Road shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor*, or other Persons appointed and employed as aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of such Land, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace at their next general Quarter Session, or at the Second General Quarter Session at the farthest, to be holden for the said County of Buckingham, on Eight Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payments and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

No,nCto h'

XXXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Occupier*of Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this I.anas before' Act, shall first begin to dig, gather, or carry away any Materials for re-to^'t.'Ven^ pairing the said Road, out of or from any inclosed Land, until Notice in t?ieie:io;n. Writing, signed by the said Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or his known Agent, or to the Occupier of the Land from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at such Occupier’s usual Place ©t Rdide/Ke* to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of

them,

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 102. 2073

them, or any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place wherein such Land shall lie, to {hew cause why such Materials shall not be had therefrom; and in case such Owner, Agent, or Occupier, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Two Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refute to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended; and the Order of such 1 rustees or Justices respectively shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever Penalty on shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or ga- MrenaU* thered for the Repair or Use of the said Road, or shall raise or carry away raised by sur-any Materials out of, or otherwise interfere with or obstruct the working v*y°ri-

of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for repairing the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Three Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of the Land in which such Pit or Quarry shall be made, as to Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale) every PeTfon so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to make said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Sur- causeways, veyors, to make or cause to be made causeways or Footpaths along the

Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road, and to cut or divert any Watercourse in or through any Land in order to drain or wash the said Road, or prevent the fame from being overflowed, and to erect

Bridges over such Drains or Watercourses, if necessary, and also to make tnd temporary a Way over the Land adjoining to the said Road (not being the Site of, cr Ways. Ground whereon any House or Houses stand, or planted Walk, Yard,

Park, Paddock, or Avenue to any House) to be used as a publick Highway, whilst the said Road, or any Bridge or Work thereon is repairing or erecting, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Land for the Damages thereby sustained, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the feme, between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions for the said County of Buckingljam, or at their Second Quarter Sessions at the furthest, to settle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers for the Damage they shall have sustained as aforesaid; which Determination shall be final and conclusive.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the surveyor* may said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Perfort or Persons as he or they shall remove An-appoinc, to remove all Annoyances on the said Road, and at the proper Sea- J,°>'ance* fons of the Year to cut down Trees or Bushes growing thereon, or in the

[Lee. Ss*Ptr.J 23 N Hedges'

20/4

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, and to cut or plafh such Hedges, the Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such Trees or Bushes, or to cut or plafh such Hedges, or to remove such Annoyances for the Space of Ten Days after Notice given in Writing for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such Trees or Bushes, or to cut or plafli such Hedges, or to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid; and in case such Owners or Occupiers shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to the said Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, from Time to Time to levy the said Charges upon such Owners or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners thereof, upon Demand, after ail Expences attending such Distress and Sale shall be paid; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person so offending and being thereof convicted upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum Hot exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who of right ought to schur and cleanse any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, which shall adjoin to, or lead into or out of the said Road, shall not in a proper Manner scour and cleanse, or cause the same to be scoured and cleansed, within the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing shall for that Purpose be given to.him or her respectively, or shall be left at his or her respective Place of Abode by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, then the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall and may cause such Ditches, Drains, and Watei courses to be scoured and cleansed, and pay for scouring and cleaning the fame; and if the said Person shall not repay the Money so paid by such Surveyor or Surveyors, on Demand thereof upon him or her respectively made, either in Person, or by Writing to be left at his or her respective Place of Abode, the said Money, upon Proof of the cleansing and scouring the said Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and Payment of the said Money, and Demand thereof made, and Non-payment thereof as aforesaid, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Person shall live, shall and may, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner thereof, upon Demand, after all Charges are paid.

Trustee*may

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the *?irch3f f rustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time as they

1.2nd. shall think proper, to widen or divert, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the

Course or Fath of any Part or Parts of the said Road, and that any Variation of Road may be made through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private Lands or Hereditaments, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damages they may thereby sustain j and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from 14 Time

Owners of Watercourses neglecting to scour the fame after Notice.

Surveyors may fleante them.

2075

4 6* G £ O RGII III. Cap. 102.

Time to Time, to contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons in-ttrelled in any Land or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by widening, diverting, turning, shortening, varying, or* altering the Course or Path of any Parc or Parts of the said Road through such Land or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Eccle-fustical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees,

Trustees, and Committees, not only for and on the Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on the Behalf of their Infant Wards, Cestuique Trusts, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Persons of unfound Memory and Understanding, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Persons and Person whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in any such Land or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or sell and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, any such L?nd or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law,

Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if such Bodies Politick, Corpo- where per-rate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, lefufcwtrean Feoffees, fruitees. Committees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Land or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or other Place or Places of Abode of f uch Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Land or Hereditaments through which any Part of such Road is to be diverted, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage or Recompence to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County of Buckingham; and in order thereto the Damage® to be said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and j required, from Time to Time as Occasion shall be or require, to summon anu call before such Jury, and examine on Oath, any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to aominister); and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises *, and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in such Land or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquifuion of such Jury $ which said Verdict, or Inquisition and

Judgement,

2076

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

Judgement, Order, or Determination thereupon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for summoning and returning such Jury, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County of Buckingham, requiring him to empannel, summon, and return Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve on Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a fuf ficient Number of Jurymen fp returned, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said J^ry, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined or give Evidence, so that no such Fine be mo:e than Ten Pounds on ar.y One Person for One Offence.

HowExptnce*

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in be pai^ry 41,111 anc* ^e^ver a ^er or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence for e p u’ the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Land or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other known Agent, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, Property, Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of the Money toarife by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for lei's Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recom-

pence

2077

46° GEORGII III. Cab. 102.

pence or Satisfaction for any such Right,. Inrereft, Property, Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summon-ing and maintaining the said jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall he borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees fit 11 have such Controversy or Dispute; winch said Colls and Expences having been ascertained and settled by Come Justice of the Peace for the said County* not interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame, at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjusted, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so aff fled and adjudged; or otherwise such C.olls and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of i'enalties and Forfeitures.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sums and Money agreed Sum of Money, Considerauon, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be agreed for, or ascertained or afieffed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls, paid and.tenor out of the Monies to be raised by virtire of this Act, either into the <ieied-Bank of England as herein-after mentioned, or (as the Case may require)

10 the Parties or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents; and that upan Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, then upon leaving the lame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Parties cr Persons; and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, to receive such Money, Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors,

Workmen, or Agents, to extend, widen, divert, or turn such Road through or over such Lands or Hereditaments, and to do all and every such Act, Matter, and Thing, with relation to such Lands or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cauft such Parts of the said Road as shall be made, widened, diverted, or turned through any private Grounds, to be ditched or otherwise fenced from the adjoining Land, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

shall direct; and all Land and Hereditaments which shall be made a Part or Parts of any Road by virtue of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed a common Highway, and shall be repai;ed and kept in Repair as such, and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be diverted of all Right and Title to such Land and Hereditaments; and the Land constituring any former Road, in lieu whereof some new Formtr Roadj Road shall be made by virtue of this Act, unless leading over some Heath, nia/ bc Common, Moor, or Waite Ground, or to some Village, Town, Hamlet, or Place to which the respective new Road doth not lead, shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, oi any Five or more of them, for the bell Price that can be gotten for the feme, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repair of the Road by this Act directed to be repaired; ana all Conveyances executed [Zef. b Ptr,~] 23 0 by

SC7« 46° G EO RGII III. Cap. 102.

by the teid Tru flees, or any Five of more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, shall be good and A‘‘t m! to effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; but this Act shall not ir^down any extend to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building, or to m-ju.c:, the taking in of any Land that is a Garden or Orchard adjoining to any Dwelling House, or any Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, indofed Nurseiy.for Trees, or Avenue to a House, or any Part thereof, without the Content' of the Owner or Proprietor thereof respectively in Writing first had and obtained.

Trustees efi*.

XLIII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trullees

ff!,i &rc hereby empowered to make by vi-tue of this Act, or by reason of the wasted for 1 lie diverting of some Part or Parrs of the said Road, they may happen to be tfa'is A«.of seised of some Piece or Pieces of old Road or other Ground, over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of old Roid or other Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

ft

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said ro^bav^then Trullees, or ar.y Five or more of them, before they shall sell and dispose hct«i*ncc. of any Piece or Pieces of old Road, shall first offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Land shall adjoin thereto; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before they shall sell or dispose of the said Piece or Pieces of overplus Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or repurchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and fw’orn before a Master or Mailer Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Buckingham, by some Person or Persons no ways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or other Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or wasrefuled by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused, by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Pe. fen or Persons shall be delirous of purchasing or repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of the Premises to be purchased by the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference, shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trullees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise . by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trullees of such Piece pr Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act j but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable

207$

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

answerable or accountable for any Misapplicai ‘J'lnv or Non-app!ication of such Money.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the F Yiricipa! Money to arise AppHeaHon from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Her ediraments, which shall t on when"*-be purchased for the Purposes oDhis Act, of any B ody Corporate, Eccle- ceding iool. ifialtical, or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Soi'e, Feoffees in Trurt,

Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or front any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, fh all, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High C 'urr of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truffles for executing this Act, or any Two or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted,-under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Interns, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Mcncy shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce-of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, pur- docJnw011* chaled, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any amount to Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee

ao8o

Application

Money is left than 201.

tn case of not Titles

or if Person* cannot be found, Fur-chafe Money to be paid lot* the Bank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

mittee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signifiect in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to$ his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before d.retted, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being hare been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Pruf-tees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, er their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVin. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to thr Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them *, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be net known or discovered,thenand in every such Case it shall and maybe lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interfiled in the said Lands or Hereditaments [describing the ni\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a fuminary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diitribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Uie the fame is ot are received,

to

2o8i

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Refracting Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money ^[85* to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate,

Right, or Interest in any Lands or Hs'editaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, anddisposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Ex,»cncesof Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required hcpC|un>yt0 to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase the Trustees, of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, Personsliahie Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, and the Inhabitants thereof. Bo- ^oid^tocn dies Politick and Corporate, who, before the making of the said recited tinue so.

Acts or this Act, have or hath used, or of Right ought, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or on any other Account or Accounts, to repair any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridge, Drain, or Watercourse in or upon the fame, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be subject and liable to such Repairs, in the same Manner as they and every of them have or hath heretofore usually been or would have been, in case the said Acts or this Act had not been made.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of Statute Work; the Highways of the respective Townships, Parishes, or Places, wherein any Pa t of the said Road hereby intended to be repaired doth lie, shall, on an Order in Writing made by any Two or more Justices of the Peace \Lqc. Es* Per.] 23 P for

2082

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

for the said County of Buckingham, on Application to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, and respectively delivered to such Surveyor or Surveyors, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or respective Places of Abode, bring and deliver, within Ten Days afterwards, to the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, true and perred Lifts in Writing of the Names of the several Persons who, within such townships, Parishes, or Places respectively, shall be by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid by eaeh Person, which Lifts shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Feftridions, as are or may he directed by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and the fame, when so delivered in as aforesaid, shall be laid before such Two Justices as aforesaid, by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors; and such Two Justices shall and may adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the said Statute Work, not exceeding Six Days in the Whole, shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of or Occupiers of Lands or Tenements in the said respective Townships, Parishes, or Places, and also what Proportion of the Money received or to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Township, Parish, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors; and the said Persons named or returned in such Lifts as liable to do Statute Work, shall and are hereby required to do and perform such Proportion as aforesaid thereof, on such Parts of the said Road lying within the said Townships, Parishes, or Places respectively, and at such Time (not being Hay-time and Hatveft) as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall direct and appo;nt; and the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said respective Parishes, Townships, and Places, for the Time being, within Three Days afeer Notice given to him or them by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Time or Times when, and the Place or Places where such Persons respectively are to do such Statute Work, shall summon or give publick Notice thereof to such Persons respectively; and if any Surveyor of the said Highways shall refuse or neglect to do as such Surveyors are hereby required and directed to do, he or she for every such Refusal or Neglect shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with the Costs and Charges of recovering the fame; and the said Forfeitures, Costs, and Charges, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or morejustice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant upon Con-session of the Party, or upon the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to administer.

Penalty on Persons neg-1* fling to do Statute Woik.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to do the fame after Notice for that Purpose being given, as aforesaid, shall for every Day of his

or

2083

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

or her Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him or her, be subject or liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute then in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with, or to attend any Team or Draught to work on the said Read, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to dismiss and discharge the Person who shall be so found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person, and the Owner of every such Team or Draught, shall respectively be subject and liable to the respective Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, in like Manner as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work as aforesaid; all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Proportion of the Money Composition received or which ought to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of Mwnejr* the Highways of every such Township, Parish, or Place as aforesaid, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, and adjudged and determined by such Two Justices as aforesaid, to be by such Surveyor or Surveyors paid to the said Trustess, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall be so paid to them or him at such Time or Times as such Two judices as aforesaid shall direct or appoint; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges of the Recovery thereof, shall and may from Time to Time be levied, on the Application of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their laid Surveyor or Surveyors, by Didrei's and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of such Township,

Parish, or Place, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Defaulter or Defaulters shall reside.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Trustees may for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to compound and compound for

agree, by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons, Bodies Po- eJc! or

litick or Corporate, who is, are, or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Road, or of any Bridge, Drain, or Watercourse in, upon, or near the fame, or with any Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be liable to do or perform Statute Work upon the said Road, for any Sum or Sums of Money for and in lieu of such Repair or Work respectively; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places, by and with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Pari dies, Townships, Hamlets, or Places, assembled at any Vellry or publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, for or in lieu of the Statute Work to be done upon any Part or Parts of the said Road; all which Composition Monies shall be from Time to Time paid in advance, and shall be applied in the Repair of the said Road; and all such Highway Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money so by them respectively paid, in such Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be reim-

- bursed

2084 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102*

burled the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing

the Highways.

Trustees may

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said RepS?. for Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for repairing the said Road, or any Part or Parrs thereof, or for doing any other Work in pursuance or Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sams of Money annually or otherwise, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

ce«S*°de*to ^VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said eere e ,etc. or any FI ve or more of them, from Time to Time, when and as

often as they shall think necessary, to cause the said Road to be measured, and Stone.' or Posts to be placed in or near the Sides of the said Road, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction or Mile Port or Stone, erected or fixed, or to be erected or fixed, in or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footpath formed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, upon or on the Side of or adjoining to the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Beast, or Swine, of any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any such Footpath; or if any Person shall cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Timber, Stone, or other Thing (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages) or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road, shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame, or the Fences on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Road, and meeting another Carriage, shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her left or near Side of the said Road, or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care upon the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall make or affill in making any Fire or Fires, or shall let fire to, let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road, or on the Banks or Land adjacent or lying open thereto; or if any Person shall leave any Carriage (except in Cafes of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Road longer than may be necessary to load or unload the fame, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifti, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person To offending shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Tensity on

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall the Execution a^au,t’ interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, inter-of this Act. rupted, or hindered, any Col left or of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any of them, employed in the Execution of this AQy 14 every

2085

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

every such Offender shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIX. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Per- For fearing fons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers orders, appointed to put the fame in Execution; be it therefore further enacted,

That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or Other Ufficers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Secvirity for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be bolden within or for the County or Place in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of then), are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a fumniary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or any House of Correction for the said County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he, she, or they shall foonerpay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them inf curred (if any) for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and nml

Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (if the Manner of levy- J!' ing and recovering thereof be not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon ><c. v-.cuni Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace for applltd* the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or wherein the Offender shall be and reside, either by Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chartels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to

J;rant for those Purposes); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, For-eitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deduded, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid and recovered (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, or Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, for any Time noc

\JLoc. Ctf iVr.] 33 exceeding

46- GEORGft tir. Cap. 102.

exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, 6r Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Buckingham, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given, Eight Days Notice, at least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within Four Days next after such Notice entering Into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereon, and to pay Rich Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices tit such Quarter Seffidn; and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appealin a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Section shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Session may also, by their Order or Warrant, levy such Costs so awarded by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame; and for want of sufficient Distress, commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the said County of Buckingham, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or

concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for wint of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums ol Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Ttefpasser or Trespasser ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on Behalf of the Party distraining, before such Action brought.

of

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or pretended to be done in pursuance of this Act. until after Fifteen Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, nor afier'a

sufficient

+6° GEORGII III. Cap. ioi. *087

sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Buckingham, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General llfue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear that the fame was so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Fifteen Days Notice thereof had been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction had been made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or if such Action shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any De- Treble Cofli. fendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and PublickAcu taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judic ally t.tken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Termofthi the First: Monday next a(ter the passing thereof, and shall continue and be ct* in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

3 »kta*X

<n /

Q .!»

<5 :« -1

*i" j

lUfcl £*"W i

o

jfa^actot+»*

it

.; 7 ~* .\

;i ’ -

12.70^31 JJtfc.

.;.v-. V ff\W .< 'f

-:« I. ’vA l

fl>)'‘h" r.

- v>: -*»

f*; ..*i .!4». a /*;: 3CJ

sgE d*

: - - ». i,

' * I0t JO

A

- fc

-V

i\

ii A V*\^j

\.v i- A;

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 103.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fecoud Year of King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the District of Road between Pateley Bridge and Graffmgton, in the County of York.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 3»g. %. An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from Wetherby to Graflington, in the County of York, several Tolls and Powers were granted to Trustees for repairing the said Road during the Term therein mentioned, which said Road was divided inro Three separate Distrjds, one of which comprized the Road between Pateley Bridge and Graffmgton aforesaid: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of r4G.3. the Reign of His prefer,c Majesty, the said first-mentioned Act was continued for a further Term, and some of the Provisions were thereby altered and enlarged: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, as to the said District of Road between Pateley Bridge and Graffmgton aforesaid, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed considerab'e Sun s < f Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arifng within the said District, which, with a confi.ierable Arrear of Interest thereon, are fti 1 dur, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said D.ftrid of Road be k pc i" Repaid unless the said Acts be continued for a further Term, and t e Powers and Authorities thereby gramed be enlaiged: May it therefore plcjfe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted b) the King's , I'Lee. Per.] 13 R mod

2090

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 103*

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Copfentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem-

Former Acts bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed

continued. in the Thircy-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty Kn g George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Authorities, Tolls, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained and now in force (except such of them as are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) so far as the fame Acts relate to the said District of Road between Pateley Bridge and Graffmgton aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby routinued for and during the Term h. rein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame were herein particularly inferred, repeated, and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained; and this Act, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said former Acts, in respect of the said District, or that may hereafter be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all Interest now due thereon and hereafter to grow due thereon respectively, such future Interest to be computed at such Rate as has already or shall hereafter be agreed upon between the Parties.

Trustres. II, And be it further enacted, That Robert Agthorp, William Aijlabie,

William Aijlabie Junior, William Alcock, William Alcock junior, Henry Alcock, JoJkua Alcocky Richard Alcocky George Allanfon Clerk, Richard Mofdey Atkinson Cle k, John Atkinson Linqoln’s Inn, Thomas Atkinson Lincoln’s Inn Fields, William Atkinson London, John Atkinson Malham, John Atkinson Junior, Hmry Atkinson, William Atkinson Kirk by, Richard Atkinson Skipton, William Atkinson, Thomas Atkinson, William Baynes, John Baynes, George Baynes, George Baynes Junior, William Bell, Hole Bottom, Robert Benson, George Benson Clerk, John Benson, Abraham Ben-fan, William BirtwhJUe, Alexander Birtwhistle, Robert Birtwhistle, John Birkbeck, William Birkbeck, Sir Walter Blatket, Edward B'acket, John Blackburn, Blake, John Bolton, Richard Ramsden Brantley, John

Brantley, Thomas Brand Clerk, John Brown, JLdward Brown London, William Brown, William Brown London, Henry Brown, Charles Brown, James Brown Clerk, James Brown, Johnson Atkinson Biofield, William Buck, Anthony Buck, Richard Calvert, William Calvert, John Calvert, William Carr Clerk, John tarr, George Cayley Medical lJoftor, Thomas Chamberlain, Abraham Chamberlain, George Chamberlain, William Chamberlain, Cheap Clerk, Robinson Chippendale, Thomas Chip-

pendale, William Chippendale, Richard Chippendale, Edward Cleaver, John Coates, Thomas Ccckfon, Thomas Cockjhott, John Cockfhott, Thomas Cock-shott junior, John Colton, Thomas Collins Dost >r in Divinity, James Collins, James Collins junior, James Constantine, IsaacCcok Clerk, John Coultburjl, George Cris//.Doctor in Divinity, John Crowder, Henry Owen Cunliffe, John Cunlffe, William Cunliffe, Ellis Cunlffe, James Dalton Clerk,

Richard Daw Jon Clerk, Joftxs Daw fan Clerk, John Day, Charles Deity, IVidiom Doling, Thomas Duncombe, Robert Dyneley Clerk, John Dyneley, L'3ar- Ellis} William Ellis, William Faljhaw, Francis Faljhaw, Walter Fawkes, James Fawkes, George Ferryman Clerk, George Fletcher, Thomas ForJlert Thomas Gnrforth, Thomas Garforth junior, Peter Garforthr

L " V C) James

2091

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

James Qarforth, Thomas Gartbam Clerk, Richard Greenwood, Robert Hargraves, Charles Harrison, William Harrison, Thomas Harrison, John H^r~ rifon, Thomas Harriftn Medical Doctor, Hugh Hall, Reginald Hally

Richard Hartley, John Heaton, A. 0. Hebden, Richard Heber, William Heber, Richard Heber, John Heelis, Edward Heelis, Thomas Heelis, Theodore Heelis, y<?£« Hitching, Anthony Hitching, Robert Hind, Richard Holmes, George fiercer, Luke Horner, Thomas Hopper, Akwy Hutchinfn, Teafedale Hutchinson, Thomas Janfon, Sir Henry Jbbotfon, Sir Ingilby, William ingilby, Thomas John fan, Stephen Johnson, Henry Johnson, Ibbotfon,

Jonathan Kirk by, Jonathan Kirkby junior, William Kir kby, the Honourable Edward Lascelles, the Honourable Lascelles, Ifird Lamplugh Clerk,

Marmaduke Lawson Clerk, Christopher Lazvfon, John Leyland, the Honourable Thomas Lifter, John Lupton, Henry Lund, Joseph Mason, Joseph Mason junior, Thomas Mason, Joseph Mason GrafTington, Thomas Metcalfe, John Mitchell, William Moorhouse, Thomas Moorhouse, William Moorhouse, Edward Moorhouse, Edward Moorhouse junior, James Moor-hc'Use, Thomas Wilson Morley Clerk, Joseph Morley, John Moss, Christopher Mount, Robert Mount, John Mufgrove, Christopher Netberwo d, William fhtherwoed, the Honoui able William Norton, Conyers Norton, John Oats Clerk, /?c>g/r Pickering, John Parkinson Winter burn, Thomas Parkinson, John Parkin fen junior, y<?Z>« Parkinson Otterbum, Stephen Par.kinjpn, John Parkitifon, Joseph Parkinson, Thomas Parkinson Drqughton, Thomas Parker, James Parker, Thomas Payley, William Payley, William Payley junior, George Peacock, John Peart, John Penny Clerk, Pering Clerk, Francis Petty, Edmund Place, John Preston Clerk, Thomas Preston, William Preston, y<?/.w Preston, Robert Preston, William Pnston, Bernard Preston, Ckrijlopher Prince, Robert Proffer, Rickard Proffer, Robert Procter junior, JphnPfffler Ridding?, Richard Proffer Cxccoe, John Proffer Bolton, William Proffer, Jacob Ragg, Caleb Redjhaw Clei k, William ReynardClttk, Horner Reynayd, Jrftas Rimwgtan, Walter Rimington, the Honourable Frederick Robinson , Sir William Rob inf on, Jofias Robinson, William Roundell Clerk, Richard Roundell. Dan son Currer Roundell, llenry Dawson Richardson Roundell, Saville Richa>dson Roundell, Stephen Ware Richardson Roundell, Thomas Rational, William Saqipfon Clerk, Benjamin Skiers, Benjamin Skiers junior, Thomas Skiers, Emanuel Skiers, Sir Thomas Slingsby Baronet, Charles Slingsby, William S-dgwick, John Slinger, Thomas Spencer, Edmund Spencer, Robert Henry St cur ton, George Smith, Richard Smith, Smith, George

Strickland, Joseph Stoney, William Strother, David Swale, John Swale London, John Summers, Samuel Swire, Sir Thomas Tancred, Thomas Tatterfall, Anthony Taylor N e w field, William Taylor, Richard Taylor, John Taylor, Anthony Taylor Air ion, iV/fr Taylor, Stephen Tempefi, Stephen Tempefi junior. Cleaver Tcmpejl, Hopper Tempejl Charles Tempejl, H*»ry Tempejl, John Tempefi, Walter Tempejl, Joseph Tennant, Robert Thomlinson Clerk, Jeo r*y Tennant, John Thornhill, Matthew Tiliotfon, Charles cJindaH, William Tindall, William Tcpbam, Francis Trapps, Edward Upwin Clerk, Robert D.arley Waddilove Clerk, Joseph Wade, W.lliamWainman, Richard Wainman, Peter Watkinjon, Richard Waddilove, Joseph Waddilove, Richa* d Waddilove junior, Wi liam Aueinjon Wapiey Clerk, Richard Wurd, John Walker, Sir Thomas Woilaston JVh’te I>aion~t, William A- Annfreng M bite, Matthew Wilson, Lamplugh Wickham Clerk. Thomas Wiikinson, Heny Wdkinson, Thomas Wilkinjon junior, Hemy Wiikinson junior, Stephen Wdkinson, William Wdkinson, James Wiikinson, Joshua Win die, Hemy Wigglcsworth Clerk, Richard Wit knell Clerk, John Williams, Joseph Wfkes, John Wilson Clerk,

Richard

2092

Qualification of I'ruiteci.

Meetings of Trustees.

How Meetings may he ad-

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

Richard. Wood, Henry Wood, Richard Wood. JVtUtam Wr at hall, Anthony Wrathail, John Yorke, Toomas To*key John 7orke junior, Thomas Henry Yorke. Edmund York-, and William Young, shall be and chry are hereby appointed I n flees to put thr Lid *rcited Act and thi^ A t into Er ru-tion, as to the said Di(lrict between Pateley Bridge and Grojfington afor Cud; and in cale any of the Prustees hereby appointed shall dtr, or by Writing under their respective Hands decl ne or refuie to act in the Execution o‘ the Trusts hereby repoled in the said I ruftres, then some other fit and proper Person shall be elected and appointed a Trustee in the Place and Stead of every Trustee lo dying, refuting, or declining to act as aforesaid, in the Manner provided or mentioned by the said first recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Paid fi»ft recited Act as prescribes or directs in what Manner the Trustets for executing the said Acts shall be qualified, shall, as to the said District between Pateley Bridge and Grojfington aforesaid, be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Trust es for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, as to the fame Distnft, shall be qualified in the Manner herein-after mentioned , that is to lay, th.it no Pci Ion hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed a Trustee for carrying this Act into Execution, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Righc or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or in the Rcctipt of the Rents ard Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hered laments of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes,- or shall be Heir Appai ent to some Person or Persons having an Estate of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand five hundred Pounds, or of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount of Two thousand Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified, shall prefumeto act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall or may inform and sue lor the lame, to be recovoed in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Adlionof Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Inform tion* wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be a lowed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Meetings of the Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, lo far as relates to the said Districe between Pateley Bridge and Grojfmgton a fd ref aid, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be held alternately at Pateley Bridge and Grajfwgton aforesaid, and not eltewherr the First of which Meetings shall be held at the Crown Inn, in Pateley Bridge aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall not be asufficient Number of the said Trustees present at any Meeting of the said Trustees, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees to adjourn fuih Meeting to the Place where the lame ought to be held by alternate Rotation as aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of the said Trustees meeting to actor to adjourn, or not adjourning as aforesaid, the Clerk of the said Trustees shall, by Notice in Writing to be affixed upon all the Toll Gates which shall be erected within the said District, at least Ten Days before the next

o v J Meeting,

i

n

of

in-

fer sics ,ill, at f of aid.

jeor lees, lifer,) the laid; act iilt

;fC»l

Ctt°0*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

Meeting, and by entering t ie fame in the Book of Orders for the said Dirtier, appoint such Trustees to meet at such Piace as the succeeding Meeting of the said Trustersis hereby directed and appointed to be held by alternate Rotation, on that Day T.ree Weeks after the Day on which such last Mcerinwas appointed to ha e been held; and in case there shall nor appear a sufficient Number of the said Trustees to act at such Meetings, or to adjourn as «ifor«said, or in default of their adjourning, then the said Clerk, by affixing or caofing to be affixed ;’uc'» Notice as af.-ref.iJ, shall a, p nt such Trustees to meet at the Place where the next succeeding Meeting of the said Trustees is hereby ciiected and appointed to be held, on that D.y Three Weeks next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to have been held, and so from Time to Time the said Clerk shall appoint a Meering every Three Weeks, until a sufficient Number f the said Trustees shall appear and meet to act, or shall appoint another Meeting by Adjournment; and the said I'rustees at their Meeting shall bear their own Expences.

VI. Provided, and be it further enacted, That no Trustee shall be capable of voting on the Eleftion of any Officer or Officers to be appointed %oringonthe in pursuance cf this Act, at any Time after the Expiration of Three officers'll Years, from the Day of the Commencement cf this Act, unless he shall certain Cafe*, have acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act once at least within the Space of Three Years btfjre the Time appointed for such Election.

VII. And be it further enacted, Thit if any M;n?y shall be agreed or Application^ aft. fled to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- w°In amou.it-chaled, taken, or tiled by vir ue cf this Act, wh ch shall belong to any ingtoiool. Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole,

Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Femes Covert, or other incapacita'ed Person or Persons, futh Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank cf 'England, in the Name and wirh the Privity Oi the Accounrant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed tj his Account ex-parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that ft.oh Money shall be paid, under the Direction and with the Approbation c f me said Court, to be signifird by an Order made upon a Petition to be prefeired in a fumnvary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or f-ch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Herrdiran.cn r, or aft sting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled to ibc lame or the like- Uses, Intents, Or Purposes; or where such Money ffiail not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted, i.nder the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other MifT»ages, Lands, Tenements, or l ie edi amenrs, ‘hich shall be conveyed and IcttJeJ to, for, and upon such and the ik. U e , '’ruffs. Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner a.s he H credit aments which Ih.-ll be to pu dialed, tak n, or uled as alore-laid ft od Icttled or limited; or futh of ihem as at the lime of mak ng such Conviyance and Settlement shall be x fling undete m ned and tapable of taking pffi ft; and in the mean T»ire, and unnl such Puichair shall be m*u*, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of fLee. 1$ Per.% 23 S Chancery,

2094 46° GEORG* I III. Cup. roj.

Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant Gt-neral, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Con-fohdated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities*; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Preduce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court to the Person or Pf-rfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Ri nts and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby diiedled to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Corr^iv1*'

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money <ioc«'not aJx " agreed or a(T< (Trd to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heretlita-

ceed aooi. and ments, purchased, t.»ken, or u(cd for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-aoi.°l cslun ing to any Body Politick, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less rhan the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such rases the fame fh..ll, at the Opth n of the Person or Prrums for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heiedita-ments so purchased, taken, or ufrd, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trullees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved ct by Three or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and tht Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtairing or bring required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

where less

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so *"an zb1, agreed or aficfTed to be paid as herehi-belore mentioned, shall be Jcfs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used ter the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit*, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or aficfTed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, ct f Pe son re^u^e to accePc the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title cannot be" to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trullees, or in case the found, Pur- Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums ot Money shall be so to be pa°finey awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or it the Person or Persons into the Bank, 6 entitled

In case ol not making out Tn It a, etc.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

entitled to such Land*, Tenement?, cr Hereditaments, be not known cr discovered, then and in every such Calc it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or allff d.as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England* in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the 7/] subject to the Order, Controul, and D:fposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Applic.tion of any Person or Persons making CLim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Mot-on or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summaVy Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the ame Coon shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the D vi lends thereof, according to the resprdive Estate or* Elfates, Title 01 Interest, or the Per ion o Perl-ms making Claim thereunto, and co make such othrr Order in the Premi'es as to the said Court shall seem just and rc.Arnault*, and the Cartuer or Cafhitrs of the Bank of England, who shall receive fuvhSumor Su ns of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receiptor Reteiprs for such Sum or Sums ot vloney, mentioning and *p c.fying fur what and for whole U;e the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the B.r.k a* afcrclaiJ.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall anse touching the I itle of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the P ivity of me Accountant General of the Court ot Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuiiies to be purchased with any such Money, or ro the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery *, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuiiies to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuiiies, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled co any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purduie of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court co order the Expences of all Purchase:. from Time to Time to be made in pursuance

2095

CubjeA ro the »id j o» die C urr of Ch.t.eery, on Motion or Petition.

Where any Q it ft ion shall nle touching the Right to futii Money.

The Court may 01 riei tealonau.c Expences of puidialc to be paid by the ritltccfr

2096

46° GEORGII III. Cap. io2-

of this Act, or so much of such F.xpences as the Court fba 1 deem reason-able, together with the nectflVy Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Frustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall dirtft.

HowExpences

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the 01 Act to be Expences, Coifs, and Charges which shall attend the folicmng, obtaining, p;i,d’ and passing of this Act, and incurred preparatory thereto, snail be paid and

defrayed out of the first Monies which shall arise or be received from the Tolls to be taken within the said District, or otherwise, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them.

Commence-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon ment and the Fu ft Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, and continue of the Act!* in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-fever, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-Publick Act. liamenc , and this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justice*', and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S06.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

«*(

Cap. 104.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, and of certain Leasehold Tythes, late of Charles Mellifo Esquire deceased, and for applying the Purchase Monies in Discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses.

[3d "July 1806.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and R lease, dated respect settlement by lively the Fourth and Fifth Days of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Release being made l'fli, dated between William Mellish of Blyth in the County of Nottingham Esquire of ,7%. the First Part; Charles Mellish E quite ( ldeft Son and Heir Apparent of the said William Mellish) and Judith his Wife of the Second Part; the Persons therein named of the Third Part; and John Waring Esquire and Tobias Stapleton Genth man of the Fourth Part; the said William Meliish did eonvry he Manor of Hodfack in the County of Nottingham, anti divers other Manors, Messuage', Farm-, Land--, Tenements, Woods, Underwoods, and Hereditaments, in the Paddies or Places of Bjth, Hodjock, and Carlton in the same County, tu the Uie that in case the hid Judith Mellish should futvive for said Charles Medish, then that (he or her Adigns might, imm diaiely after his Deceit, yearly receive One clear annual Sum of Fotr hundred Pounds for her Life, for her Jointure, and in Bar [Loc. d Per.] 23 T of

2098

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

of Dower, with the usual Powers and Remedies for Recovery of the said annual Sum, and subject thereto* to the Use of the fai&John Waring and Tobias Stapleton^ for the Term of niurty-nine Years, upon Trult, for better securing the said annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds, with Remainder to the said William Meiliflj and his Assigns for his Life, with Remainder to Trustees during his Life to preftrve contingent Remainders, with divers Remainders over; and by the said Indenture of Rclcafe, the said William Mellish and Charles Mellish were empowered by Deed, sealed and delivered by them in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to revoke rheUfes and Estates therein limited and declared, (but subject and without Prejudice to the Lid annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds,) and to limit or declare any new Uses or Estates of the said Pre-Deed of Revo- mises, or any Part thereof: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date the Ap^intment Twenty-eighth Pay of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, of new Uses, and made betw en the said William Mellish of the First Part, the said Charles June 171s. Mellish of the Second Part, John Kenrick Esquire of the Third Part, anil Edward Hulje of Portman Square in the County of Middle fete Esquire, now Sir Edward Hu/Je Baronet, and George Cooke, now called George Cooke Tarborough, of Streethorpe in the County of York* Esquire, of the Fourth Part; the said William Mellish and Charles Mellish, in Execution of the Power so given to them as aforesaid, did-, by the Deed or Instrument in Wriiing, now in recital, duly signed, sealed, and delivered, and attested, jevoke such of the Dies and Estates declared by the said Indenture of Release, herein before recited, of the aforesaid Manors or Lordships, and other Hereditaments, as were subsequent to the Life Estate thereby limited lo the said William Mellish% and the - Estate thereby limited immediately afterwards to Trustees during his Life, and that without Prejudice to the said annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds; and in further Exercise of the Power and Authority aforesaid, the said William Melhjh and Charles Mellish did direct, limit, and appoint, all and Angular the said Manors or Loroships, and all other the Premises therein-before mentioned and described, with their Righcs, Members, and Appurtenances, (save only certain Premises at Torworth and Oldceatcs in the said County of Not-tingham3 therein described and mentioned to have been purchased from Thomas JudfonJ) from and immediately after the Decease of the said William %/lctoJh3 and ful ject to the said yearly Rent Charge of Four hundred Pounds, to the Use of the said Edward Iiulfe and George Cooke Tarborough, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand Years, without Impeachment of Waste, upon the Trusts therein-after declared, with Remainder to the said Charles Mellish, and the Heirs Male of his Body, with divers Remainders over; and the Trusts of the said Term of One thousand Years were thereby declared to be for raising the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, and paying tire Sum of Ten thou land Pounds, Parc thereof, betweenJcfepb Charles Mellish, then or lace of Trinity College in Cambridge, Anne Mellish, Eliza Mellish, and the future Children of the said Charles Mellish by the said Judith Mellish, at such Times, and in such Proportions, as the said Charles Mellish, by his Taft Will and Tiftamenc, to be by him signed, fealec, published, and declared, in the P.efence of and to be attested by Three or more credible Witness, should appoinr j and as to the Sum of One thousand Pounds, Residue of the Lid Eleven thousand Pounds, the fame was to be paid to such Persons as the said Charles Melhjh should, in Manner aforesaid, ap-Peaih of Wii- point: And whereas- the said William Mellish died in the Year One thou-UamM.ihfh q (and

46°GGEORGII III. Cap. i04. 2099

land seven hundred and ninety-one: And whereas the said Tobias Stapleton T. Stapleton survived the said John Waring^ and afterwards died, having first made his

Will, dated the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand f ven hundred dirrf, living and ninety-three, and thereof appointed Miles Walker Hall Esquire and ^arnesuis Zipproah Barnes Executor and Executrix, and the said Will was duly £ieC»-.ti-ix. proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury by the said Zipproah Barnes alone, the said Miles Welker Hall having renounced Probate thereof: And l^ated' whereas by Indenture of Bargain and Sale ol Three Parts (intuited in the tth February High Court of Chancery^, dated the Sixth Day of February One thousand »79»- and seven hundred and n ntty-’wo, and made between the said Charles Mellish "tovery* of the First Part, and the several Persons therein named of she Second and Third Part, and by a Common Recovery suffered in Hilary Term, in the Thirty-f. cand Year of His present Majesty, in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, wherein the said Charles Mellish was vouched, all the Manors, and other Hereditaments, comprized in the aforesaid re.ited Indentures of Lease and Release (excepr as aforesaid) were limited and assured (subject to the aforesaid yearly Rent Charge of Four hundred Pounds, and to the said Term of Ninety-nine Years and One thousand Years, and the Trusts thereof) to the Use of the said Charles Mellish, his Heirs and Afligos, forever: And whereas by Indenture, dated the Fi ft Day of ft March M'ircb One thousand seven hundred and nirety-two, the said Charles ££ed'to settle Mellish duly limited and secured to the said Indish Mellish, and her 200i. per Assigns, in case she should survive him, in lieu of the annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds, Parcel of the said yearly Rent Charge of Four ii(h, in lieu hundred Pounds, limited to the said Judith Mellish by the said recited Indenture of tr.e Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and settled upon seventy-nine as aforesaid, One annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge of Two hundred Pounds, to be issuing out of and chargeable upon certain Manors, & 5th Match and other Herein laments, therein particularly deferi bed, and not herein- *779* before mentioned: And whereas the said Charles Mellish duly made and will of peblished ms last Will and Testament in Writing, dated the Sixteenth Hih'/da-.w!*" Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and did i6?hseptem-thereby dtreft and appoint, that the Trustees of the said Term of One ber 1794" thousand Years, created by the said Indenture of the Twenty-eighth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, should raise the Sum of One thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, with Imereft from his Death, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and pay the lame unto his said Son, the said Joseph Charles Mellish, who ha 1 attained the Age of Twenty-one Years; and also should raile and levy the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, Residue of the said Sum ot Ten thousand Pounds, and pay the said Sum of Nine thousand P minds unto his said Daughters, Anne Mellish and Eliza Mellish, and all loch other Child and Children as he might thereafter have by his laid Wife, to be equally divided between them; and the Portions of his present and future Daughters, as should be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and unmarried at his Decease, to be paid to her or them, at her or their Age, or respective Ages of Twenty-one Years, or Day or Days ot Marriage, with Consent of his said Wire, if living, which should fi.ft happen, with Benefit of Survivorship and Accruer to or among his future Sons and his Daughters, in cafc any of such Sons should die under Twenty one, or any of his Daughters should die under thar Age, or should marry under that Age, after his Decease, without the Consent of his said Wife, if living, in Writing: and the said Testator did further

direct

aico

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104*

dke& and appoint, that in the mean Time, after his Death, and until his said then present Daughters and future Children should be entitled to receive the Portions thereby appointed to them, the Trustees of the said Term of One thousand Years should, out of the Rents of the Premises comprized therein, raise such yearly Sum and Sums of Money, for and towards the Maintenance and Education of the fame Children respectively, as they the fame TrufLes in their Discretion should think fir, not exceeding Four PoundsCentum per Annum \ and the said Yeftator did further dirt& and appoint* that the Trustees of the said Term of One thousand Years should raise the Sum of One thousand Pounds, the Rrfidue of the aforesaid Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, and pay the fame unto Mr. Charles Lane, it he should be living at his the said Testatoi’s Death, together w-th In er^ft thereon, from his Dc?th till paid, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum \ and the said Yeftator did by his said Will give and devile all the Freehold Manors, Mefluatics, Lands, Tenements, Woods, Underwoods, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Nottingham and Fork, of which he was feiled in Fee Simple (subject as aforesaid), ro William Gooch Esquire and Joseph Marrts Gentleman, and their Heirs, to the Use of his Wife the said Judith Mellish, and of Stanhope Harvey Equire, and Saint Andrew Warde i squire, for the Term of Eleven hundred Years, to be computed from Ins Death, without Impeachment of Waste, upon the Trusts, and subject to the Proviso therein declared concerning the same, and therein-after mentioned, with Remainder to the Use of the said William Gooch and Joseph Marris, and their Heirs, duiing the Life of his the said Testator’s said Wife, if Ike should so long continue his Widow, impeachable for Waste, except with Respect to his Woods and Underwoods, and Coppices, Parcel of the Premises therein-bYore devifrd, which excepted Premises were to be held by his said last-mentioned Trustees, without Impeachment of Waste; but nevertheless as to all and singular the said Manors and Hereditaments, thereby limited to the said last-mentioned Trustees, during the Widowhood of his laid Wife (except the said Woods, Underwoods, and Coppices), in Trull for his said Wife and her Assigns, ard as to the said Woods, Underwoods, and Coppices, during the Widowhood of his said Wife, upon the Trusts therein expressed concerning the same, and herein-afer mentioned; and after the Deith or fecund Ma riage of his said Wife, then as to ail and Angular his said Manors, and other Hereditaments therein before deviled, to the Use of his the said Tellator's Son, Henry Francis Mellish, and h«s Assigns, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to Truiites, during his Life, upon Trull, to preserve contingent Rem inders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Henry Francis Mellish successively, in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of his the said TestatoPs Daughters, Anne and Eliza, and such other Child or Children as he might thereafter have by his said Wife, as Tenants in common in Tail, with cross Remainders between them, in Tail; with Remainder to the Use of his own right Heirs for ever; and the Trusts of the Lid Term of Eleven hundred Years were declared to be, that the Trustees should, with all convenient Speed after his I) cease, by Demise or Mortgage, raise and levy, or borrow and take up at Interest, so much Money from Tune to Time as, in the Judgement of the lame Trustees respectively, should be sufficienc to pay and satisfy such Part of his Debt?, and the Interest thereof due at his Death, and of his Legacies, as his Periontl Estate, not specifically

by questhed.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. iQ^.

bequeathed, should fall short or be deficient in paying, and fliOuld pay and apply the Monies so to be raised accordingly; and subject to the Trusts aforesaid, the Testator directed that the fame Trustees should raise and levy the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, during the Life of his said Son Joseph Charles Mcllish, and pay the fame, clear of all Deductions, into his own proper Hands, and not to his Assigns or Appointees, by equal quarterly Payments *, and in case his said Wife should marry again, then he directed that the fame Trustees should (but subject and without Prejudice to the Trusts for Payment of his Debts and Legacies) raise and levy the yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds, during the natural Life of his said Wife, and pay the fame, clear of all Deductions, unto his said Wife, or to such Person or Persons as Ihe should, under her Hand, appoint, for her separate Use, by equal quarterly Payments > which said Two hundred Pounds a Year, thereby given to his said "Wife, from the Time of her Second Marriage, during her Life* was to be in Addition to the said Two hundred Pounds a Year for her Life, charged on his said devised Estates, and to another yearly Rent Charge of Two hundred Pounds, secured to her for her Life upon certain Manors and Hereditaments, whereof his said Son Henry Francis was Tenant in Tail Mail in Remainder, after his (the TestatoTs) Death, making together, cxcltifive of other Benefits given to her by that his said Will, a Provision of Six hundred Pounds a Year; and he did further direct, that the said Trustees of the said Term of Eleven hundred Years should (subject and without Prejudice to the Trusts before declared) stand possesstd of the Premises therein comprized, upon further Trust, that if his said Daughters Anne and Eliza, and such Children as he might thereafter have by his then Wife, or any Two of them his said Daughters and future Children, should survivtf him, and live to become entitled to the aforesaid Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, under the Appointments thereinbefore contained, then and in such Case, that the said I'rustees of the said Term of Eleven hundred Years should raise and levy, or borrow and take up at Inrtreft, such Sum or Sums of Money, in Addition to the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, as would m ke up the Portions of each of such Two or more Daughters and future Children the full Sum of Five thou-fanci Pounds, and pay the fame Sums to Isuch Daughters and future Children, at such Ages, Dav<, and Times, as were therein-before expressed, re peating their origin il Portions; and (subject and without Prejudice to the T»utts therein- bc:ore declared) upon further Trust, that if there should be a Fa lure of Issue Male of the Body of his said Son, Henry Francis, and if hisifa d Son JcJeph Charles should be then living, then that the said fruiters of the said ierm of Eleven hundred Years should raise and levy, or bmiow and take up at Interest, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, ard pay the lame into the proper Hands of his said Son Joseph Charles, and not to his Assigns or Appointees; and if he should die, after Failure of such KTue Malt, without receiving such Sum, then to his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and as to his said Woods, Underwoods, and Copp ces, therein-before limited ro the said William Gooch and Joseph Alarris, and their Heirs, during the Widowhood of his laid Wife, the said deflator did thereby declare, that the fame were so limited to them, upon Trull, that his laid Wife should and might, during her Widowhood, fell and cut down, sell and dispose of, the Timber and Underwood that should from Time to Time in her Judgement be fit to be felled and cut down, and should lay out and dispose of the clear , [Loc. & Per.J 23 U Monies

2101

St OS-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

Monied (hence nr-ifing. in repairing and keeping in Repair the Farm Houses on the :iforefaiti deviled Estates, and on cel-tain Estates, of which hiv said Son Henry Francis was Tenant in Tail in Remainder, and the Buildings thereunto belonging, at her Dil'cretion, and in building Farm Houses and Cottages, with suitable Out Buildings, oh such Fart of the fame Eftaftes respectitfely, as flic should think p-oper, and also in planting and fencifig new Woods on any Part or Parts of the fame Estates, and in fencing and improving all or any of his said present Woods, Underwoods, and Coppices, she keeping an Account of all her Rcce pts and Expenditures, m respttt to the Trusts so thereby in her reposed, during her Widowhood; and he did thereby direct, that all the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Sale and Disposition of the said Woods, Underwoods, and Coppices, should go and be applied in Aid (if necessary) of the said Term of Eleven hundred Years, and the Surplus of what should nor be wanting, or necessary to be so applied* should be by his said Wife, or her Executors or AdministratotS, laid out and in vested in the Purchase of Freehold Estates in the County of Nottingham, to be settled to, upon* and subj<tl to such and so many of the Uics, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, therein limited and declared, of and concerning the same Manors and Hereditaments thereby devised, subsequent to the Death or Second Marriage of his said Wife, as should be then existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect j and the said Testator did by his said Will give and bequeath the Rectory of Blyth, and all other the Premises which he held under a Lease for Years from Trinity College, Cambridge* to his Executors, for all such Estate and Interest as he should have therein at his Death, upon Trust, during the Widowhood of his said Wife by and out of the Rents and Profits of such of the Tythes therein comprized, as were issuing out of* or payable in respect of, any Part or Parts of the aforesaid Estates, whereof his said Son Henry Francis was Tenant in Tail in Remainder as aforesaid, to pay from Time to Time One Moiety of the Rent reserved to the College, and also One Moiety of the Fines and Pets which should be payable upon renewing the Lease of the said Reflory, at the usual Times of Renewal happening after the First and next Time of Renewal from the Date of that his Will* and in order to provide a Fund for the Payment of such Moiety of the said FineS and Fees from Time to Time during the Widowhood of hii said Wife, from and after the First: and next Tune of Renewal from the Date of that his Will, upon further Trull, by and out of the said Rents and Profits of the said Tythes, to appropriate and set apart from thenceforth lb much Money yearly as should, in the Judgement of the said Trustees respectively, be sufficient, with the Accumulations thereof arising, by placing the fame at Interest in Government or Real Securities, in their Nam s relpe&ivtly, to answer and pay One Moiety of the said Fines and Pees of Renewal, which Moifcty ic should be lawful for the said Trustees to pay and discharge accordingly with the said Monies so appropriated* and the Accumulations thereof* and the Funds Wherein the fame should be invested and subject to the Trusts aforesaid, he directed that his Executors should (land puilefied of the said Leasehold Tythes, so issuing out of 01 payable for or in relpedl of any Part of Parts of the i; id Estates, so settled in Remainder upon his laid Son Henry Francis in Tail Male as aforesaid, in Trull I or his said Son Henry Francis and his Executors, Administrators, and Assignsj and as to the Rdidue of the Leasehold P-(lory and Premises, whereof noTruft was therein-before

declared,*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104. *163

drelared, upon Trust, that they his said Executors, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, should, by and out of the Rents and Profits thereof, during the Widowhood of his said Wife, pay and discharge from Time to Time the remaining Moiety of the Rent reserved to the College, and also the remaining Moiety of the Fine9 and Fees for Renewal of the Lease of the said Rectory, at the usual Times of Renewal, happening after the First and next Time of Renewal from the Date of that his Will* and also should, during the Widowhood of his said Wife, from and after the Fi-ft and next Time of Renewal alter the Date of his said Will, by and out of the said last-mentioned Rents and Profirs* appropriate and fee apart so much Money yearly as in their respective Judgements would be sufficient* with the Accumulations thereof, arising as aforesaid, to answer and pay the said last-memioned Moiety of the said Fines and Fees, and should pay and discharge the fame Moiety accordingly; and, subject to the Trusts therein-before declared, of the said Residue of the said Leasehold Re&oiy and Premises, the said Testator did direct, that his said Executors should jstand possessed thereof, in Trust, to permit and suffer the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, to be had, received, and taken, by such Person and Persons as should for the Time being* under the Limitations aforesaid* be entitled to the Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of his aforesaid Manor of liodfock, provided that no Person* taking an Estate in Tati Male, by Purchase of and in the said Manor Of HvdJcck, under the Limitations aforesaid, should be entitled to an liftate in the said Leasehold Rettory and Premises, or any Part therfeof, transmissible to his Executors or Administrators, unless he should attain the Age of Twenty* one Years, or die Under that Age, leaving Issue Male*, and that no Person or Persons, raking an Efface in Tail general by Purchife in the said Manor of Hedfock, or in any Part thereof, under the Limitations afoie* said, should have or be entitled to an Estate in the said Leasehold Rectory or Premises, or any Part thereof, transmifljble to his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, unless he* (he, or they, should attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or die under that Age leaving Issue; and the said Testator directed, that all renewed LeafcS of the said Leasehold Rectory and Premises should be upon the fame Trusts as were thereinbefore declared, respecting the fame Premises, during the then subsisting Term therein; and the said Testator gave and bequea hed his Leasehold Messuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, in Manchester Square in the County of Middlesex, discharged with the Mortgage thereon, together with the Pictures, Prints, Drawings, Books, Linen, China, Household Goods and Furniture (except Plate) that should be thetfein at his Death, unto his said Wife, and her Assigns, during the joint Lives of her and his said Son Henry Francis Mellish; and in case his said Son Henry Francis should die in the Life-time of his said Wife, then the said Testator dirc&rd, that the said Leasehold, and other Premises, should be sold by his said Wife, or in case of her Death, by his other Executors^ as soon as conveniently might be after the Death of his laid Son H.nry Francis, and that the clear Produce should be applied in and towards Payment of such of his Debts as should then remain unpaid, and the Surplus, if any, should fall into the Residuum of his Personal Estate; and the said Testa»or gave divers specifick and pecuniary Legacies to Persons in his laid Will named *, and after reciting or taking Notice that he had conveyed or exccuccd Deeds, purporting to be Conveyances of several

Parts'

2104

Codicil to <h Will, dated 44th Decern-M79i.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104*

Parts of the aforesaid Estates, whereof his Paid Son Henry Francis waJf Tenant in Tail Mail, in Remainder to several Persons in Fee Simple, in Exchange for other Freehold Lands or Tenements which had been conveyed to him in Fee Simple, all which Exchanges were for the Benefit ana Advantage of his Family; and that he had entered into Bonds for guaranteeing the Title of the Premises so conveyed by him in Exchange; and that it might happen that he might thereafter convey, or attempt to convey, other Parts of the Paid Estates so settled on his said Son Henry Francis in Remainder in like Manner, the said Testator declared it to be his earned Desire and Reqmft, that his said Son Henry Francis should and would, upon his attaining the Age of Twenty-one Years, do all Acts that fhc.uld be necessary for completing and confirming the said fcvtr.d Exchanges so made and thereafter to be made by him as afore-Paid; and he gave and deviled all and singular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which had been so conveyed to him in Fee Simple in Exchange as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and upon, under, and fuhjcd: to the fame Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as he had therein-before limited, expressed, and declared, of and concerning his afortfiid Manor of Hodfick \ and he gave and devised all the Rest and Residue of his Ileal and Personal Estate, of every Nature and Kind not therein-before di'posed of, unto his Executors, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, according to the Nature and Quality of the fame Hereditaments and Premises respectively, in Trust to sell and dispose of the fame with all convenient Speed, and convert the lame into Money, and pay, apply, and dispose of the Monies thence arising, in the first Plac^, in, for, and towards the satisfying and discharging his Funeral and Teflamentary Expences, and then his Debts, and such Legacies as he should give by any Codicil or Codicils *, and if there should be any Surplus, the same to be applied in Manner therein mentioned; and the Did Ttftator appointed his said Wife Sole Guardian of his infant Children during her Widowhood; and the said Testator appointed his said Wife, and the said Stanhope Harvey and George Cooke Yarborough Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Testator duly made and published a Codicil to his said Will, dated the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and after giving several Legacies to Persons therein named, gave to his Cousin Mrs. Jam Twycross, and her Assigns, for her Life, an Annuity of Forty Pounds, and to Benjamin Johnson, since deceased, an Annuity of Five Pounds, the said Annuities to be paid Half-yearly, free of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on the Days therein mentioned, by his said Trustees, and to be raised by them under the Trusts of the aforesaid Term of Eleven hundred Years; and the said Testator did thereby diretft that Nine hundred Pounds only, Part of the One thousand Pounds directed to be raised for the said Charles Lane as aforesaid, should be raised for him out of his laid Estate at Hadfock. instead of the said Sum of One rheufijr.d (founds and that the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Residue of the said One thousand Pounds, should fink, and not be raised} and he did thereby authorize and empower his laid Wife, at any Time if in her Judgement (he should think fit, to pay and allow, and to diretft her Co-Trustees of che aforesaid Term of Eleven hundred Years, out of the Rems and Profits of the Premises therein comp, ized, to join with her in paying ?.nd allowing unto his said Son Joseph Charles Mellijh9 from thence-fbith, for his Li!c One Annuity, or yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds,

5 ' clear

2105

4^ GEORGII III. &af 104,

clear if all Taxes and-Deductions,- ro be paid into his own Hands, and nor to his AIT/gns tAppoimeek, at such Times and in fudv and the same Manner, as hk had by-his laid-Will directed an1 Ahhuity of Three hundred Pounds to be paid to Mm'; ahd;he empowered hi* said Wife; if (be should think fir, to ex^c'ure any Deecf for^fefrling the said additional Annuity upon biLttfid* So'riV TVeed to be either with or without Power of Hevofraeioh-by her, as ’§f4 fbouk} this-lc proper; and hi?'did allb rtApotflr hik feid'-Wff^ at shes Difcttwon, either prior ro, cr after htk! fas»of Sbn, joseph Charles Mellish, marrying with her Cehdent, by Hb°E>eed or Deeds, to l^tle'and‘ftcuVeupbr>, cr:rp, or mTruft for, any WoVnan Or Women whom he, the said Joseph Charles Mellish, fhotfld Imarry,lahy Sum drSumfc, not exceeding the yeafly Sum OTTwO hundred bounds, to commence frdm his said Sdh’s Death, and to cortKftae fdr the Life of 1 belt Woman*, such annual Sum or Sums to be clear of alhTaxies and Deductions whatsoever, and to be*paid* Half-year!v, Upon the D£ys and Times th^tein mentioned *,- and the said Testator did atfo further authorize and Empower his said Wife, at her DiforetioA, either prior to Or afteT his &idSon joseph' Charles's Marriage, with her Consent, by her Deed or Deeds, to settle and secure 'atVy Sdm or Sums of Money dot exceeding fW Sum of Five thousand Pounds as and for the Portions or Portion of all and every, or any of the-Children'Of his said Son Joseph Charles Mellish, to be paid' and to-vest *Jt such Af?e^ Days, 'and Times, and to be subject to such Conditions and Restrittrbns, for the Benefit of the fame Children, some of One of them'-; as his said* Wifefhouhi appoint, and as should be exprtflrd in such Deed or Dfed?, with Maintenance after the Death of his said Son jfdfepb Charles, after thO'Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Jnnum, ‘on such Portions till payable*, but in case there shoukl nor he any Son of* his f»id ;Son Joseph Charles, who should attain the Age of '1 wenty-onb ¥&irs, or any Daughter who should attain thilt Age, or marry, ‘then thtf*faffi Sum of Five thousand Pounds should fink and not be taised; and lie diie&ed that the Annuities to be settled by his said-Wife for the Benefit of his fa d Son Joseph Charles, and - any \\i e-hc should marry, and the Portions and Maintenances for his Children, should be raised end paid by the TrulheeS' of the said Term of Eleven hundred Wars, under the Trufis thereof,‘ip the fame Way that any other Annuities or Monies were by his laid Will authorized to be raised ami j:*>d; and the said Tell a for thereby appointed his Brother lyilliam Mellfh frtiftee of the»'&id Term of Eleven hundred Years, and to be One or his' Executors in the Place and Sread of the said Stanhope Harvey, and he gave <0 the said 'William Mellish, and to his said Wife, and the said Saint Andrew Warde,1 and their Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, all the Premifr's cotaprizfd in the said Term of Eleven hundred-Years,-toy hold to1 them and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the fame Term, upon such Truths as were in and by his said Will and Codicil declared of the fame Premises, always fufcftt-tuting the said William Mtliifh for the said Stanhope Harvey, but so as not to affect or interfere with the Trulls or Powers given by his said Will or Codicil t> his fa'd Wife (olely; and he thereby gave to his Wife, ants the said George Cooke Yarbor;ugh and William Mellish, their Heirs, Executors, Admmiftrarors, and Alligns, all such Real and Personal El’tate as was by his said Will given to the said Stanhope Harvey and MV said Wife, and the said George Cooke Yarborough, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assign$».upon the TiUft-s therein mentioned, to hold /V.J 33 X the

2106

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

the lame unto and to the Use of his said Wife, and the said George Cooke Yarbtrwgb and William Melltjh^ and their Heirs, Executors, Adnumftracors, and Assigns, upon such and the fame Trulls, and to and for the lame Ends* Intents, and Purposes, as he had in and by his said Will and Codicil declared respectng the f»me Real and Personal Estate; but always luoftitunng the Charles Mei- said IV:Hi m Meiiish for the said Stanhope Harvey: And whereas the said. Deceit be r°th Testator died on or about the Thirtieth Day of December One thousand seven. 1396, leaving hundred and ninety-six, without having revoked or altered his said Will in-*ue* the R(fpc&‘ herein-before mentioned, otherwise than by his laid Codicil,

leaving the said Judith Mellfh his WiuQw, and the \\ai\>Joseph Charles Mel lijhr who,had attained the Age of Twen tv-one Years, as herein-before mentioned, and the said Henry Francis Mellish, the Hen t Law of him the said TelLtot, and the said Anne Mellish and Eliza Mellish, all Infants, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, him surviving, and the said Testator had not any Child born after making his said Will: And when as the lai dJuditF Mellish George Cooke Yarborough, and William Mellish duly proved the said Will and Codicil in the Prerogative Court or the Archbishop of AnneM«tt^h Canterbury: And whereas ihe laid Anne Mellish hath attained the Age of Eiizl^o *n '1 wemy-onc Years, but ihe laid Eliza Mellish is still an Infant, that is to Years. say, 01 the Age of Twenty Years, or thercaoouts: And whereas the said

llclSi of"C Ke iry Francis hlell'Jh hath attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, but Agt. ?.nd un- hath never been married: And whereas by an Indenture, dated the Third matried. Day of March One thousand seven hundred and inety-eight, the ?d ^LeMe R*vcrrnd Thomas Pojllethwaite Doctor in Divinity, Master of the College frcVTrinity of the Holy and Undivided Trinity within the Town and Uaiverfity of College. Cambridge, of King Henry the Eighth’s Foundation, and the Fellows and Sch lars of the fame College, did demise unto the said Judith Mellish* George Cooke Ya borough, and William Melljht the Rectory or Parionage and Church ot Blylh in the County of Netiingham> with all the Rights* Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever 10 the late distblved Priory or Mon ftery of Blylh in the County aforesaid belonging or appertaining, and also all and singular Tythes of Corn and Gram in the Town and Fields of Sellingby, Houghton Moor, and Halls Field in the Parish of Bolton upon Derny (except and always itferved unto the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, a d their Successors, all great 1 rees and Timber, with Libe'ty to enter and sell the same, and also except the Advowson of the Vicarage of Blyth whensoever the fame should happen, to be void,) to hold the fame unto the said Judith Mellish, George Cooke Yarborough, and William Mellish, thrir Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the beast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel Old Style, then last, for the Term of Twenty Years, in Trust to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposrs mentioned, exprtffed, and declared, in and by the said Will of the said Charles Melhfh% at and under the yearly Rent, and with* under, and subject to the Covenants and Agreements, in and by the said Indenture reserved and contained on the Pan of the Tenant or Lessee to 4th M*y »79«, be paid, observed, and performed: And whereas by Indcntuie, dated the SatwaUi* Fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and ed ter i h« ft id mad^ between the said Edward Huffs (now Sir Edward Hulfe) and George Ye, Cooke Yarborough of the First Part, the said Joseph Charles Mellish of the securing Second Part, and Sir John Macnamara Hayes Baronet, of the Third j°? Vte'iWh0 ^art* ’n Consideration of One thousand Pounds to the said Joseph Charles hi ni(charge Mellish paid by the said Sir John Macnamara Hayes y at the Request of the of his Legacy, fad Edward Hulft and George Cooke Yarborough, they the said Edward

Hulfe

2107

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 104-

Hulfe and George Cooke Yarborough did assign several Pieces of Land therein particularly described, being Part of the Premises comprized in the aforesaid Term of One thousand Years, with the Appurtenances, unto the said Sir John Macnamara Hayes, his Executors, Administrators, and AlGgm, lor all the Remainder of that Term, subject ro a Proviso for Redemption on Payment ro the said Sir Join Macnamara Hayes, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the Sum of One thousand Pounds and Interest, ar the Time and Manner therein expressed: And whereas Further Ar-undtr and by virtue of an Indenture, dared the Twenty-third Day of dated June One thousand seven hundred and ninery-eighr, and One other In-Junei798, and denture, dated the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and *th May l3«a-two, the Premises so as aforesaid assigned to the said Sir John Macnamara Hayes in and by the said recited Indenture of the Fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for the Remainder of the said Te rn of One thousand Years for securing the Sum of One thousand Pounds and Imereft as aforesaid, became verted in the said Anne Melhfls for the Residue of that Term for securing to her the same Sum of One thousand Pounds and Interest thereon: And whereas by Indenture, dated *s<* June the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety- ^ent ' the eight, and made between the said Judith Mellish of the First Part, the Manage of said Joseph Charles Melitjh of the Second Parr, Caroline Ernejline Frederica J* c<

Sophia Baroness de Stein, and Dieterizb Philip Augustus Baron de Stein, of the l'hird Part, the said Sir John Macnamara Hayes Baronet, and Richard James Lawrence and Thomas Mellish, Esquires, of the Fourth Part, (being the Settlement executed previously to the Marriage then intended,) and which was shortly afterwards solemnized between the said Joseph Charles Mellish and Caroline Erne fine Frederica Sophia Baroness de Stein (now his Wife), in Consideration of the said then intended Marriage* and for other Confijerations, the Wild Judith Mellish, in Exerpife of the Power so as aforesaid given her by the said Codicil of the said Charles Mellish> did, by that p'-elenc Deed or Writing duly executed and attested, expressly direct and appoint, in case of the said Joseph Charles Mellish leaving a Widow, that the Trusters of the said Term of Eleven hundred Years, created by the said Will of the said Charles Mellish as aforesaid, should, upon the Decease of the said Joseph Chailes Mtllish, leaving the said Caroline Ernejline Frederita Sophia Baroness de Stein, or any other after-taken Wife, his Widow, by the Ways and Means and on the said Days and Times therein mentioned or referred to, raise and levy One annual Sum of Two hundred Puunds, clear of all Deductions, during the Life of such Widow, and pay the fame unto the said Sir John Macmmara Hayes, Richard James Lawrence, and Thomas Mellish, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, and t:.e Executors, Administrators, or AfsignS of such Survivor, upon Trust for the said Caroline Ernejline Frees rices <ophia Baroness de Stein, or any other Widow of the said Joseph Charles Mellish, as herjoii.rure and in lieu of Dower-, and in case of tbtr being any Child or Children, of the said Joseph Charles Mellish by hi' then intended, or any future Marriage, or both, then that they the la d Trustees of the fame Term of Eleven hundred Years should, by the Way' and Means in the fame W.ift mentioned, raise and levy the Sum of Five thousand Pounds for the Portion or Portions of such Child or Children, to be vested and payable on or at the usual Ages or Times; and also after the Deceife, of the said Joseph Charles Melhjh, by the Ways and Means in the said’Will mentioned, raise and levy, for the Maintenance

and

2108

46° GEORGII III. Cap. *04-

and Education of the fame Child or Children, such yearly Sum or-Soffit ot Money as should be equA to Interdt at the Rate of Four Pounds; pen Centum per Annum or such Portions till payable, and apply toe lamft ^'5 accordingly: And whereas by a Deed Poll, under the Hand and Seal MejjiWs 'ap- the said Judith Mellish, bearing Ditethe Fourteenth Day - of jVLgrQ.fc po|n^'een'of thousand-eight hundred ai d five, the said Judah Meh/jb' dirccta&ttrfl miity nTiopl". appointed, that the Trustees of the said Term of Eleven hundred Yt-ajrs toj c Mci- should raise and levy One dear annual Sum of Ohe- hundred Boiniusj during the 1. ife of toe said Joseph Charles Mellish, and pav theifamertinto Bill ?n chan- him in such Manner, as in the said Codicil was diredfeci r And whetfcasvhl eery Hied. or abour Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and five, jgtontsia ’Judith Mellish,. Saint Andrew Wards, William Coach, Joseph Mtar.ris\ Joseph Charles Mdhjh, and the said Bironess de Stein his Wifrr^pbd Amelia Caroline MelliJJs, Richard Charles Mellish, 3nd Dietench, George Mellish by the find Joseph Charles Mellish their Father a d.ntxtA niccjtU and the said Sir John Macnamara Hayes, Thomas Meiiish, and, Jane Twycrosst Plamt'ff-, fil d their Bill in the High Gotirii;ofi Ciamery against the said William Mubjh, Henry Francis Mellish, Sir Edward Hulfc, George Cooke Yarborough, Anne Melljh, ELzaMelhfh, and Charles. Lane, praying that the Wiil and Codicil ot he said Tellator Charles MtU.Jh might bc-cfU-blished, and that the T ulls thereof might be directed to be performed and carried into Execution, and that the ufod Accounts for that Purpose might be taken: And whereas all the said Defendants in the fautjCause M*,ch put in their Answers to the said Bill: And whereas by a Decree or Decretal 1 °5, Ctree* Order, m?de in thr said Caule by his Honour the Mailer of the Roll? oft the Sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, it was declared, that the said Will and Codicil of thefaiu Teltator. Charles Mellish should be established, and the Trulls thereof performed and carried »ntQ Execution, and the fame was decreed accordinglyand. that the Accounts should be taken of the Personal Estate of the said Testacor, and of the D*ors, Funeral Expences, and Legacies and Annuities, given by his said Will and Codicil; and in taking such Accounts, the said Defendant William Mellish was to be at Liberty to (land, in, the Place of such of the Tellator’s Legatees, Annuitants, and Creditors* as he should have paid out of his own Monies j and it was ordered, that the said JTcltaior's Personal Estate, not specifically bequeathed, should be applied, as far as it would extend, in Payment of his Funeral Expences and Debts in Course of Administrarion, and that the other proper Accounts should be taken; and it was further ordered, that the said Matter should inquire and state what were the several Charges and Incumbrances aff-sting the said Estates, comprized in the said Terms of One thousand Years and Eleven hundred Years, (including the said Eftatts so purchased by the said Testacor in Exchange as aforesaid,) and who were the Persons entitled thereto and interested therein, and whether such Charges and Incumbrances, including the said Testator’s Debts, Legacies* and Annuities so far as the fame remained unsatisfied, could be raised by Demise or Mortgage of the fame Estates, under and by virtue of the said Terms of One thousand Years and Eleven hundred Years, or either of them; and by Confrnt of the said Defendant Henry Francis Mellish, it was ordered, that he should do and execute all such Acts and Deeds, at the Expence of the said TestatoPs Estates, as might be necessary for confirming the Conveyances made by the said Testaior of the Lands given in Exchange, as mentioned in his Will; and it was further ordtred, that the said Master should tax all 14 Parties

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104. 2rog

Parties their Costs of the Suit: And whereas Mailer Simeon (to whom xftAuguft the said Cause was referred) in pursuance of the said Decree made his

general Report, bearing Date the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, whereby he certified (amongst othei Things) that he had proceeded to take the Accounts directed by the said Decree, and that be found that the said Estates, comprized in the said Terms of One thousand Years and Eleven hundred Years, including the said Estates so purchased by the said Testator in Exchange, were charged with Three Annuities, then payable thereout, amounting together to the Sum of Six hundred and Forty Pounds, and with One hundred and sixty Pounds a Year for the Maintenance of the Defendant Eliza Mellish until she should attain Twenty-one, and with the Piyment of several principal Sums amounting together to Ten thousand nine hundred Pounds; and the said Master also certified, that he further found that the said Estates were also charged with the several Sums of Money amounting together to the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, and Two Annuities of Two hundred Pounds each, payable on the several Events in the Teftstor’s Will mentioned; and the said Master also certified, that he further found that the several Charges upon the said Estates, including the Debts remaining unpaid, which were mentioned in the Third Schedule to his said Report, and the several Sums therein mentioned to be due to the said William Mellish and Judith Mellish respectively on the Accounts therein expressed, exclusive of the several contingent Charges upon the said Estates, amounted to the Sum of Thirty-four thousand five hundred and eighty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Three-pence Farthing, the annual Interest whereof, together with the said Annuities of Six hundred and forty Pounds, made in the Whole the annual Sum of Two thousand three hundred and sixty-nine Pounds Six Shillings; and the said Master also certified, that the said Estates had been lately letten at improved Rents, which, together with the annual Produce of the said Timber and Underwoods, amounted to the Sum of One thousand six hundred and forty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, or thereabouts; and the said Master also certified, that he further found that the said Sum of One thousand six hundred and forty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny or thereabouts was iniufficiene to pay the said Sum of Two thousand three hundred and six y-nine Pounds Six Shillings by the Sum of Seven hundred and feverty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven-pence; and the said Master therefore found, that the said Sum of Thirty-four thousand five hundred and eighty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Three-pence Farthing, the Amount of the several veiled Charges or Incumbrances, and of the said Debts of the said Testator, could not be r. ifed by Demise or Mortgage of the said Estates under and by virtue of the said Terms of One thousand Years and Eleven hundred Years, or either tf them; and the Master further certified, that he had taxed and settled the several Bills of Costs therein mentioned at the several Sums therein Hated: And whereas. Report con-by an Order made in the said Caufr, bearing Date the Sixth Day of firmed. December One thousand eight hundred and five, the said Report was abfo-iutely confirmed: And whereas, in consequence of the said Report, the petition to the said Plaintiffs in the said Cause did in March lull present a Petition to the Court of Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor, praying that they and all Le.rv«t?appfy Parties interested might be declared entitled by the Order of the Courtt0 Parliament to apply to Parliament for an A&fo authorize the Sale of the Fee Simple authoritfth* and Inheritance of the Estates comprized in the said several Terms of One Sale of the ILoc. fM] 12 T ihoufind£g£rf

2 I IO

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

thousand Years and Eleven hundred Year a, including the said Estates fu purchased as aforesaid by the said Testator in Exchange, in such Manner and under such Regulations as to Parliament should leem meet, and that the said Cause might Hand over as to all further Directions reserved by the said Decree, or that such other Order should be made as to his Lord-Onterthereon ship should seem meet: And whereas the Lord Chancellor made an Order Martins06 ul,on the said Petition bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, whereby it was declared, that the said Plaintiffs, and all Parties insertile 1, might be at L.ibeity to apply to Parliament for an Act for the Purposes aforesaid according to the Prayer of the said Pe ition, and that the said Cause should Hand over for further Directions, reserved by the said Decree, until such Act should be obtained: incumbrances And whereas the Three Annuities referred to by the said Masser’s Report on the Eitaos. aj Cii,arge(j Uj:on the said Estates, comprized in thp said Terms of One thousand Years and Eleven hundred Years, and amounting together to the Sum of Six hundred and forty Pounds, are the Annuity of Two hundred Pounds, Part of the said Annuity of Four hundred Pounds, by the said Indenture of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, secured and made payable to the said Judith Mcllish during her Life as aforesaid, and the said Annuity of Three hundred Pounds by the said Will of the said Charles Mcllish given to the said Joseph Charles Mcllish during his L.ife as aforesaid, and the said Annuity of One hundred Pounds by the said Judith Mcllish directed to be raised for the said Joseph Charles Mellish during his Lite as aforesaid, and the said Annuity of Forty Pounds by the said Will given to the said Jane Twycross during her Life, as herein-before is mentioned: And whereas the Sum of Ten thousand nine hundred Pounds, in the said Mailer’s Report mentioned to be charged on the said Estates is constituted by the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, provided for the said Joseph Charles Mellish under the Tiults of the said Term of One thousand Years, and the Directions for that Purpose contained in the said Will of the said Charles Mcllish as aforesaid, and by the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, provided in like Manner for the said Anne Mcllish and Eliza Mcllish, and by the said S m ol Nine hundred Pounds by the said Testator given to the said Charles Lane, and which is raifable under the Trulls of the said Term of One thousand Years, and the said Sum of Ten thousand nine hundred Pounds is included in the aforesaid Sum of Thirty-four thousand five hundred and eighty-six Pounds Eight Shillings andlhree-pence Farthing, the Dcfic ency herein-before mentioned: And whereas the Two contingent Annuities of Two hundred Pounds each, in the said Report mentioned to be charged on the said Estates, are the Annuity of Two hundred Pounds by the said Will of the said Charles Mcllish provided for the said Judith Mtllish duiing her Life in case (he shall marry again, and the Annuity of Two hundred Pounds by the said Judith Mellish directed to be raised for the Widow (if any) of the said Joseph Charles Mcllish duiing her Life, as herein-before is mentioned and recited: And whereas the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, in the said Report mentioned to be payable on tb« several Events in the said Will of the said Charles Mcllish mentioned, consists of the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to which the said Anne Mellish and Eliza MelHJh will become entitled in equal Shares in case they both become entitled to the aforesaid Sum of Nine thousand. Pounds as aforesaid, and also consists of the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds by the said Will directed to be raised fur the said Joseph Charles 9 Mellfi

2 11 h

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

Mellish in the Event of the said Henry Frani- Mellish dying in his Lifetime without I flue Male, and of the said Sum ot Five thousand Pounds by the f.«id Judith Mellish tiire&ed to be raised for the Children of the said Joseph Charles Mellish, as herei* before is mentioned and recited: And Money appH-wbcreas the said William Mellish, the acting Executor of the fan Charles R^n^alof Mellijhy hath now, under the Tiufts of the said Will of the said Charles the College Melljh, a Sum of Money in Hand applicable to the Renewal or the Lease’ lubfilting Lease of the said Rectory and i yihes, and a Treaty hath been set on Foot for Renewal of the fume accordingly: And whereas the old Reasons for Farn.ly Seat and Estate of the said Charles Meihjh and his Ancestors at [^Vto^arlia-Blyth in the said County of Nottingham, wh ch lay continuous to the said mcm. Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Term of Eleven hundred Years, having been lately fold, it is no longer an Obje£t of Importance to the said Famiiv to retain any Paf: of he said Manors and other Hereditaments, and the Whole thereof will fell to great Advantage:

And whereas such of the Tythts comprized in the said Indenture of Lease of the Third Day of March One thousand seven hund.ed and ninety-eight, as are by the said Will of the said Charles Mellish directed to go along with the said Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Term of Eleven hundred Years, issue out of or arise from the said Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in that Term, and also out of and from the Estates of Strangers, and the fame would fell to great Advantage if they were fold, as well as the said Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Term of Eleven hundred Years: And whereas, for the Reasons before mentioned, it would be for the Benefit of the several Persons interested in the said settled Estates and Tythes if the fame were fold, and the clear Monies arising from such Sales (except from the Sale of the Tythes), and also the clear Monies aiifing by Sale of the aforesaid Leasehold Mansion House and Premises in Manchester Square, and the Furniture, and other Chattels personal, bequeathed therewith by the Will of the said Charles Mellish in case of the Death of the said Henry Francis Mellish in the Life-time of the said Judith Mellish were applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in satisfying and discharging and providing for the Incumbrances and Debts remaining unpaid as aforesaid, and the aforesaid Legacies, and if the Residue of such Monies, together with the Monies arising by Sale of the said Tythes, were laid out, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled tq the subsisting Ufts of the said Will and Codicil of the said CkarLs Mellish; bur, by Reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will and Codicil of the said Charles Mellish, those Ohjects onnot be effected withouc the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Judith Mellish on Behalf of herself and her said infant Daughter Eliza Meiljh, the said Henry Francis Meihjh and the said Anne Mellish, do most humbly b"Lech Your Majesty lhar it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcm of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Manor cf Hodfock, and all and EnaAithat singular the Freehold Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands Tenements,

and other Hereditaments, particularly described in the Schedule to this 'i'ruitetw Act, situate, lying, and being in the said County of Nottingham, (being the Manors and other Hereditaments including the said Estates so purchased in Exchange as aforesaid, deviled, or intended to be devised by the

2112

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

the said Will of the said Charles Mellish de.ceased, as herein-before is mentioned and recited,) together with all and singular Houses, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Ways, P.ths, Panages, Elements, Waters, Wa>e courses. Commons, Common of Pasture, Woods, Trees, Timber, and Underwoods, and the Ground and Soil of the fame. Rights, Royalties, Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Manors and other Hereditaments belonging, or in any wise appertaining, or with the fame, or any of them, now or at any Time heretofore, demised, leased, held, used, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as P<nt, Parcel, or Member of them, or any of them, or appurtenant thereunto, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby veiled in William Mellish of Bush Hill in the County of Middlesex Esquire, and Thomas Mellish of Ur coin's Inn in the same County Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said William Mellish and Thomas Mellish, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of, from, and against all and singular the Uses, Estates, Intails, Remainders, Limitations, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, in and by the several herein-before in Part recited Indentures of the Fourth and Fifth Days of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and the Twenty-eighth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and the said Will and Codicil of the said Charles Mellish, and the several herein-before in Part recited Indentures of the Fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and the Fourteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, respectively limited, expressed, or declared of or concerning the same, but nevertheless upon the Trulls, and for the Intents and Purposes herein-after expressed or declared of or concerning the same; that is to say, upon Trull that they the said William Mellish and Thomas Mellish, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, Upnn Trust to do and shall, with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, of be fold, their or his own proper Authority, absolutely sell and dispose of the said Manors and other Hereditaments, either altogether or in Parcels, by publick Auction or private Contraft, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, at or for the most Money or bell Price or Prices that can or may be reasonably had or gotten lor the fame, and upon Payment in Manner herein-after mentioned, of the Purchase Money for which the said Manors and other Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part thereof, shall be so fold, into the Bank of England in Manner herein-after directed, do and shall convey and allure the lame Manors and other Hereditaments, or such Parts thereof as shall be so Hid, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasersr thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or as he or they shall direct or appoint.

Part of the

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and nze5#in*tSe ^or l^c k'd William MelliJIs and Thomas Mellish, and the Survivor of them. College Lease and the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, of their or his "ft own proper Authority, and they and he are and is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, after the fubfiffing Lease of the aforesaid Rectory and Tythes shall be renewed as herein-after is mentioned, or after it shall be

SII3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

be found impradicable to renew the fame, a'ofclurcly to fell or dispolb of such Fart of the said R dnry and Tythes, as by the said Will was directed to go along with the Manors and other Hereditaments hereby veiled as aforesaid, or to join and concur with the said Henry Francis Melkjb, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in the Sale of the said Rectory and Tythes for the Remainder then to come of the said subsisting Lease, or of the renewed Term (as the Case may be), either altogether or in Parcels, and either by publick Audi on or private Contract, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the PurchasVr or Purchasers thereof, at or for the most Money or belt Price or Prices that can or may be ifeafonably had or gotten for the fame; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for the fame, or such Parc thereof as shall be payable to the Trilftce or Trustees of this Act, into the Bank of England in Manner herein-after mentioned, the Person or Persons in whole Name or Names the said renewed Lease shall be taken, or in whom the said subsisting Lease shall be then veiled (as the Case may be), shall affigb the fame unto the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Admi-niftracors, and Assigns, or as he or they shall direct or appoint.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said William MelUJh, his Exe* The subsisting cutors or Administrators, do and shall, immediately upon or alter the j£»k passing of this Act, use his or their Endeavours to procure a Renewal of renfe5SSJ°’ the said subsisting Lease of the said Rectory and Tythes, for a new or further Term of Years, and do and shall, by and out of the Money now in the Hands of the said William Mellish, which is applicable to chat Purpose as herein-before is mentioned, pay the Fine, Fees, and Expences, attending such Renewal.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums TheMoniest* of Money, which shall arise from Sales to be made in pursuance of this t*o be* Ad, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Sales shall be p-id"into*th? made into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the B3r*k* Accountant Gentr.il of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Purchasers of the Estates of Charles Mellish Esquire. deceit fed, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of Parliamer.t of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

Chapter the Thirty-second, and the general Orders of the said Coufr, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Directions of the Act of r the Twe'lfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth \

, and also that in case it fba.ll be found impradicable to renew the subsisting

Lease of the said Rectory and Tythes, then the said William Mellish, his

: Executors or Administrators, shall pay One equal Moiety of all the

( Monies now in'his Hands, applicable to the Purposes of Renewal as afore*

laid, (after deduding out of such Monies the Colls incurred or to be

j incurred in endeavouring to obtain a Renewal of the said subsisting Lease,)

j in like Manner imo the Bank, in the Name'and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, to be placed to his Account there ex parte, and in Manner aforesaid; and the Monies arifirg from the Sale of the said Tythes hereby authorized to be sold, or the said Monies so to be paid by the said William Mellifc, his E?ierutors or Administrators, shall be distin* guilhtd from the other Monies robe paid into the said Bank of England Gnder the Authority of this Act.

[JLoc. & Per.2 23 ST

114 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104*

rurcbafersnot V. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the WMif^ppli-r l^c Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of cation or Non- One of the Cashiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith application of in the Rfgifier Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Pay-nies! ^C ° ment into the Bank of England by the Purchaser t r Purchasers of the Manors, and other Hereditamen s and Tythes hereby authorized to be iold, of his, her, or their Purchase Monies respectively, or by the said William Mellish> his Executors or Administrators, of the Monies aforesaid, or by any other Pufon or Persons of any other Monies by this Art directed to be paid into the Bank, shall from Time to Time be and be deemed to be good and effectual Discharges to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and other Person or Persons; and to his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrator?, and Assigns, for the Monies aforesaid, or so much thereof as in such Certificates and Receipts shall respectively be expressed and acknowledged to be received; and, after filing such Certificates ard Receipts as herein-before is mentioned, such Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application, or be: in anywise bound or concerned to fee to the Application of the Money therein cx-pressed or acknowledged to be received.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall be paid into the Bank, by virtue of this present Art in rrfped of the Sale of the said Freehold Estates. shall and may, under the Q.ciets and Directions of the said Court of Chancery to be made in the aforesaid Cause, be applied and disposed of for the Purposrs hemn-after mentioned, (that is to fay5<) in paying and dischargin all the Costs, Charges, and Expences (to be taxed and settled in the said Cause) preparatory to, and in folicifing, applying for, and obtaining and passing this Art, or which may be incurred incident or relative thereto, and of making and completing the Sales herein-before dirtrted to be made as aforesaid, or otherwise to be occasioned by carrying the Trusts of this Art into Execution, and also the Cods already taxed and settled and reported due as aforesaid, and all the Costs to be taxed and settled as aforesaid, which since the last Tax. ation have been, and that shall be incurred in the said Cause, and which ought to be paid out of the Efta*e of the said Testator Charles Melli/h'% and after Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, then in Payment of the said Sum of Thirty-four thousand five hundred and eighty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Three-pence Farthing, so reported due in the said Cause as aforesaid, and of any o her specialty or fimpic contrart Debts of the said Testator Charles Mellish which may now remain due, and the Interest which shall be then due and owing on such of them (if any) as carry Interest, and the subsequent Interest on ihe f.id Sum of Thirty-four thousand five hundred and eighty-six Pounds E*ghc Shillings and Three-pence Farthing, or such Part thereof as carries intercU, and after Payment thereof, then in satisfying and d.scharging all and finguLr such of the contingent Legacies her/m-before and in the said Mailer's Report mentioned (if any) as shall become vested previously to such Purchasesof Heal Estate being made as herein-after arc mentioned, and the Interest (if any) which shall be due thereon, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Court of Chancery shall direct; and if the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to which the said spine Mellish and Eliza Mellijk are now prefumptively enrirled under the fajti AV 'i of the Uw\ Charles

McU.fi,

Part of the Monies to artfe from the Sale of the Freehold Estates to be applied under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and the Refw due to be inverted in the Purchase of ether Estates.

2115

I

h

1-

y*

ia

ft

e;

if

of

n

ad-

Ur

:trs

ur*

ihe

ici

d

hi

h

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

Mellish, in Augmentation of their said Portions of Nine thousand Pounds, shall not then be veiled, and both of them the said Anne Mellish and Eliza Mellish shall then be living, then the Sum of One thousand Pounds shall be levied and raised, or appropriated and let apart, out of (he Monies aforesaid, and shall be subjected to the Trusts herein-after expressed or declared concerning the same, and the Rrfidue of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank, in respect of the said Real Ell arts as aforesaid, shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the Coutt of Chancery in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, in case, this Act had hot been made, have been in Possession of or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, and other Hereditaments herthy directed ro be sold as aforesaid, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his, her, or rheir Guardian or Guardians respectively, be laid out in the Purchase of Freehold Manors,'

Messuages, Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (with any Copyhold Tenements convenient to be held and enjoyed therewith,) of a clear Estatei of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, free from Incumbrances, except Quir or Chief Rents, and Copyhold Rents and Services, and the Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, shall be conveyed, surrendered, and afiured, to, for, and upon, and under and subject to such and so many of the Uses, Trufis, Charges, Powers,

Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, limited, expressed, declared, or contained, of or concerning the Freehold Manors, and other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, in and by the said Indenture of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nme, the Lid'Will and Codicil of the said Charles Mellish, and the said recited Indentures of the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the Fourteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five respe&ivtiy, as shall be then subsisting undetermined or capable of taking Effect, or as near thereto as the Nature and Qoa'ity of the Estates so to be purchased will admit of.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be produced by Application Sale of such Pa;t of the said Leasehold Rectory and Tythes as is herein-before authorized to be sold, and the Monies if any, which shall be paid the Sale of the into the Bank by the said William Mellish, his Executors or Adminifira- Jytl4es‘ tors as aforesaid, shall, upon Petition to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, in case this Act had not been made, have been in Possession of or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Part of the said Leasehold Rectory and Tythes, but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians respectively, be laid out in the Purchase of Lease-r.old Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holden for a Term not less than ninety-nine Years absolute in Possession, free (rom I. cumbrances, except the reserved Rent; and that the Leasehold Premises so to be purchased shall be conveyed and allured upon, and under and subje<5l to Inch and so many of the Trulls, Intents, and Por-poses, in and by the said Will of the said Cher.es Mellish expressed and declared of and concerning the said Part of the said Leasehold Rectory and Tythrs hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, as shall bt then exi'sting undetermined and capable of taking Effect.

ili6 46- GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

part «f the

VIII. And be it further enacted, Thai the Residue and Surplus of the pUe<H»vTher Monies *° to he paid inio the Bank, in the Name 4f the said Accountant Court ot General in Manner herrin-before directed, which shall remain after Pay* bel^ouHn rnent of the Goffs and Expences, Debts, Legacies, and Intercrt, fotobe Bank Annui- ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be paid as aforesaid), shall in Rr(idue1nhC mean Tlroe* and until the fame Residue and Surplus shall be inverted Maw Bii«, ’n the 1'urchale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid,: vertecTinthe applied and disposed of in the Manner following, (that is to say), 3 purchase of* sufficient Part or fiifficienr Parts of such Residue and Surplus shall be laid other Estates. out by 'he said Accountant General, ir> his Name*- in the Purchase of fat much Three Pounds per Centum ConfdFidated Bank Annuities as shall> produce an I sco ne equal to the Amount of the aforesaid several verted Annuities of Two hundred Pounds, Th ee hundred Pounds, One hundred Pounds, and Forty Pounds; and in <afe and as and when the' said several contingent Annuities of Two hundred Pounds and Two hundred Pounds, or either of them, shall become verted, then and iW such Case a further mfficient Parc or sufficient Parts of the said Residue and Surplus shall also be laid out by the said Accountant General, in his’ Name, in the Purchase of so much Three Pounds per Centum Consolidatetf Bank Annuities, as shall produce an Income equal to the Amount of the said contingent Annuities, or such of them as shall for the Time being have become verted; or the said Accountant General shall or may, ini case and as and when the said comingem Annuities shall respectively becomo verted, fell a sufficient Part of the Navy or Victualling Bits, or Exchequer Bills, herein-after directed to be purchased, iit Order to raise Monies tuf. ficient to purchase, and shall with such Montes accordingly purchase so much Three Pounds per Centum Cnnfolida ed B nk Annuities as shall be sufficient to answer the said contingent Annuities lbfcfpei&iveFy becoming vested, and the ultimate Refi.tue which (hart remain of the aforelsH® Residue and Surplus of the Monies so to be pa d into the Bank as aforesaid, after laving out a sufficient Part or Paris tnefeof to answer such of the aforesaid Annuities as shall for the Time being be verted, shall itt the> mean Time, and until the fame Monies shall be inverted in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments a$T a fort said, be from Time to Time, tt gether with the Monies to arise by Sale of the said Part of the said Leasehold Retl <ry and Tythes hereby authorized to be sold, laid out by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, in his Name, in Trust in the said Cause Mellfo agjinft Melljh* and the Interest arising rrom the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bill*, and the-. Moi ies receiv'd for (he fame as they shall epcCtively be paid off by Government, shall rrom Time to Time be laid out in the Name of the faiu A countant General, in the Pnrchale of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills; all which Navy and Victualling Bills, and Exchequer B lls, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accoui tarn General in Trtift as aforesaid, and Except what shall be fold (or purchasing Bank Annuities as afort-fa'id) shall there remain; and the said Three Pounds per Centum Confohdaied Bank Annuities, so to b& purchased as foresaid, shall also remain in the Name of the said Accountant Geni tal until the fame B lls and Bank Annuities respe&iv ljr shall, upon Petition to be preferred ro the Court of Chancery tn tt summary Way, by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons for the 1 iflit being entitled to the freehold or Inheritance, or Possession of the Hereditaments

2117

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

ditaments and Premises hereby authorized to be purchartd, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General, for the completing the Pur.hase cf any such Hereditaments and Premises, in such Manner as the said Court shall thank just and direct; and if the Money atifing by the Sale of such Navy or V.dua’ling Bills, or Ex.hc-quer Bills (except as aforesaid), or of such Three P unds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, which shall have been pun baled as aforesaid, shall tx:red the Amount of the original Purchast Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in thac Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain, after d scharging the Expences of the Application to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits tof the Lands directd to be purchased, in case the fame had been purchased . purfuaiu to this Act, or to the Reprefincacive of such Person or Persons.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That in the mean Time, and itt

until the said Bank Annuities shall be fold in pursuance of this Act, t^te ri»e t. be said several veiled Annuities of Two hundred Pounds, Three hundred paid out of Pounds, One hundred Pounds, and Forty Pounds, and the said several |h* LTn^Ajf. contingent Annuities of Two hundred Pounds, and Two hpndied Pounds, nuities. in case the fame, or either, of them, shall become veiled, shall, as and when the fame respectively shall become due and payable, from Time to Time be paid by the said Accountant General, by and out of the Interest to be produced by or from the.laid Bank Annuities so to be purchased as aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding > and in case any of the said veiled and contingent Annuities, to answer which any Bank Annuities shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall ce.de by the Deaths of the Annuitants before the said Bank Annuities be Lid out in purl'uance of this Act for the Purchase of Ertates as aforesaid, then the Bank Annu ties purchased to answer such of the said veiled and contingent Annuities as shall from Time to Time cease as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be sold by the said Accountant General, and the Money :.rising by Sale thereof shall be inverted by him in or upon Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Biiic, to be from Time to Time renewed and deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, in Manner herein-before mentioned and in Trust as aforesaid, and the Interest arising in respect thereof shall be inverted in like Manner, and the said last-memiontd Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, shall be disposed of in the same Manner, and fi>r the fame Purports, as the Bank Annuities, to be (old out as last aforesaid, would have been subject and liable to be disposed of in pursuance of this Act in cart the fanie had no: been so fold out: Pro- The Court of vided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery, if thac Court Ch*"c^t*in* shall think fit, to make Orders from Time to Time in the aforesaid Caurt, fur "e-

the Payment of the aforesaid Costs and Charges, Debts and Legacies, and quifiteOrders. Interest, herein-before directed to be paid our of the Monies so to brpaid into the.Bank as aforesaid, and for taxing the Colls, Charges, and Expences, herein-before directed to be taxed, and for taxing the Costs of the several Applications to be made to the said Court respcding the Mattersaforesaid,

#nndthe Costs of taking the said Residue and Suipius of the Lid Monies out of the Bank, and inverting such Monies in new Purchases as aforesaid, and fQr Payment of all such Colls, Charges, and Expences, out of the Mpniqs so paid into the-Bank, or out, of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy.or Victualling B 11s, or Exchequer Bills, or Bank Annuities so L . [Locx Zsf'Per.] ' 2^ J to

211 8

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1C4.

to be purchased as aforesaid, and to make such further or other Orders in the said cause as to the said Court shall seem just.

Application of X. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until such the^Kents till ga]es [VialJ bc made as aforesaid of the Manors and other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, they 'he said William MelliJIj and Thomas Mcllish, and the Survivor of them, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall permit and suffer the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, and other Hereditaments, to be had, received, and taken by such Person or Persons as would have respectively been entitled to, and ought to have had received and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made; and the Rents of the said Manors, and other Hereditaments, or such of them as shall for the Time being remain unfold, shall be and be deemed the primary Fund for Payment of the said several veiled Annuities of Two hundred Pounds, Three hundred Pounds, One hundred Pounds, and Forty Pounds, and the said several contingent Annuities of Two hundred Pounds, and Two hundred Pounds respectively; and that the Interest of the aforesaid Bank Annuities so to be purchased as aforesaid shall be and be deemed the secondary or auxiliary Fund only for Payment of the fame Annuities respectively.

If, after rnf-

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, from and Sionc^any1 a^trr Costs, Charges, and Expences, Debts and veiled Legacies, and

Part of the Interest, and the aforesaid Sum of One thousand Pounds herein-before

rfmaln un- direct d to be raised by virtue of cr under the Powers of this Act shall fold, the fame be paid and discharged, any Parc of the Lid Manors, and other Here-to be Settled1 ^"aments’ hereby authorized to be sold, shall remain unfold, and the to the former said Jtidith Mdljh, or after her Death or Second Mania.ce, which shall hi ft happen, the said Henry Francis Mellish, or after his Death, any Person then being of the Age of Twenty-one Years or upwards, and who, if this Act had not been made and passed, would for the Time being be entitled to an Ellate Tail in Possession, or to the Fee Simple and Inheritance in Possession of and in the Manors, and other Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, and to an absolute and transmiliible Interest in the said Leafenold Ptemiles hereby authorized to be sold, shall, at any Time before the Residue remaining unfold as aforesaid of the fame Manors, and other Hereditaments and Premises, shall be actually fold, or contracted to be sold in pursuance of this Act, be minded and desirous that the lame Residue, or any Part thereof, so remaining unlold shall not be fold, and shall sign.fy such her, his or their Mind or Desire, by any Writing under her, his, or their Hand or Hands, to the Trullees or Trustee for the Time being for carrying this Act into Execution, then and in such Case all the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, Powers, Provides, and Declarations, herein-before expressed or declared and contained, for Sale of the said Manors, and other Hereditaments and Premises, dial), as to such Parts of the said Manors, and other Hereditaments and Premises, as shall remain unfold, and which shall be specified in such Writing as aforesaid, absolutely cease and determine, and the Hereditaments and Premises so remaining unfold, and specified in such Writing as aforesaid, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed by the Trullees or Trustee for the Time being of this Act to the Uses, upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, to, upon, and for, with, under.

2U 9

i

1,

is

ot

7

5T

n

3,

II,

ng

;Pd

id,

ees

[lit

:bc

tr»

fd

4.6- GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

and subject to, which, in case this Act had rot been passed, the fame Hereditaments and Premises would have ivm lined or flood settled under anti by virtue of the said Indenture of the Fifrii Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and the said Will and Codicil of the said Charles M llish, and the aforesaid several recited Indentures of the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-righr, and the Fourteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five respectively: And, in order to give the Lid Judith Melhjh and Henry Francis Mellish, and other the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled in Pobeftion as aforesaid, the full Benefit and Advantage of this present Clause, be it further enacted, That while any Part of the If anyR-.rtwf Freehold Manors, and othe*- Hereditaments hereby authorized to fie fi, Id, j.-^n trS"" shall remain unfold, no Past of the^afortf id Tythes, which issue out of the Tytke* or arise from such Part as last aforesaid of the said Manors, and other not 10

Hereditaments, shall be sold by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of One thousand Appropriation

Pound?, herein-before directed to be raised, shall remain in the Bank, in 'he*0

the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General, to the C edit like Legacy of the said Caule, and to the Account of the said Anne Mellish and Eliza

Mellish> and shall remain inverted in or upon Navy or Victualling B.lls, Mtli h m or Exchequer Bills, to be from Time to Time renewed and deposited in cafc.they bot,i

/ i, ~ , , attain the its

the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General, m Manner herein- of ax Years, before mentioned, and the In ter eft arising in respect thereof shall be laid out in like Manner; and in case both of them, the said Anne Melhjh and Eliza Mellish, shall become entitled to the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds under or by virtue of the said Will of the said Charles Mellish, then the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, or the Bills wherein the same shall have been laid out, shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way, be assigned or transferred unto the said Ann: Mellish and Eliza Mellish in equal Shares, their reactive Executots, Admin 1 strators, or Assigns; and in case the said Anne Melhjh and Eliza Mel!Jh should not become entitled thereto, then the same shall be disposed of as herein-after is mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Henry Francis The fame, In Melhjh shall depart this Life in the Life-time of the said Judith Melhjh, not6become then the dear Monies to arise by Sale of the Leasehold MdTuage or payable, ami Tenement in Manckester Square, with the Appurtenances, and the Pic-

tores, Prints, Drawings, Books, Linen, China, Household Goods, and saie of the Furniture, directed’to be sold in that Event, by the said Will of the said H?use Charles Mellish as herein-before is mentioned, and also the aforesaid Sum st^obs laid* of One thousand Pounds herein-before directed to be raised cr appro- pytrij’,t, e f priated as aforesaid, or the Monies to be produced by the Bills wherein other Eftaie. the lame shall have been laid our, in case the lame shall not become vested in the said Anne Melhjh and Eliza Mellish as afore!'.id, shall be laid out in the Purchase of Estates, in such or the like Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as the Monies fiift herein-before authorized to be laid out in the Purchase of Estates are directed to be laid out accordingly, and the said Estates, so to be purchased as last aforesaid, shall be lettled to the Uses to which the Estates first herein-before authorized to be purchased are directed to be settled; and in the mean Time, and until the Monies to arise by such Sale as last aforesaid shall be inverted in the Purchase of

Estates,

21 20

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

Estates, the same shall be paid into the Bank in Manner aforesaid, by the Tiuftee or Trustees authorized by the said Will of the kid Charles Mellish to make such Sale, when and so fcon as I'uch Monies shall be received, and be, together with the Interest crifing therefrom, laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, to be from Time to Time renewed and deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountanc General, in Manner htrein-before mentioned; and the said lait mentioned Bills, together with the Bills purchased with the aforesaid Sum of One thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, shall be disposed of in like Manner as the Bills first heicin-before directed to be purchased are to be disposed of.

Power of Ap-

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if both or new tScm. c't*ier of lhem the said William Mellish and Thomas Mellish > or any futute Trustee or Trustees, who shall succeed to them, or either of them, or shall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or either of them, as herein-afeer is mentioned, shall die, or desire to relinquish the Tri lls hereby in them or him reposed, or shall refuse Or decline to ad, or become incapable to ad in the said Trusts, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and in every or any such Case, it shall be lawful for the High Coure of Chancery, upon Petition in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who for the Time being would be beneficially entitled in Pofllffion and first in Remainder, according to the Uses limited by the said Will of the said Charles Mellish, to the Hereditaments and Premises hereby made saleable; or if such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, from Time to Time to make an Order for fub-ftrtming and appointing any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and that when and so soon and as often as any such Order for appointing a new Trustee or Trustees shall be made as aforesaid, all the Estates and Premises which shall then be inverted in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or defircus of being discharged, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to ad, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, either solely or jointly with the other Trustee, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner, and so that the fame Estates and Premises shall and may be legally and effectually verted in the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees thereof; and such new or other Trustee or Trustees, or if there shall be no continuing Trustee or Trustees, then in such new Trustee or Trustees only, upon the fame Trusts, and for the fame Intents and Purposes as are herein-before declared, of and concerning the same Estates and Premises, or such of them as shall or may be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and that every such new Trustee shall and may in all Things ad in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts hereby created, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Amhorities, to ali Intents and Purports whatsoever, as if he had been originally by this Act nominated a Trustee for the Purports aforesaid.

Indemnity to

XV. And be it further enact^d, That the said William Mellish and ru eee. Thomas Mellish, and such other Trustee or Trustees to be appointed as

aforesaid.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104*

aforesaid, shall not, nor shall any of them, nor the Keirs, Executors, or Administrators of them, or any of them, be chargeable with or answerab e for any Money, to be received by virtue of the Trusts hereby in hem repofrd, any otherwise than each Person for such Sum or S :ms of M n^y he or they may or shall actually receive; and that none of them shall be at fwer-able or accountable for the Acts, Receipts, Neglects, or Defaults of the other or others of them, and that they shall not, nor shall any of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any of them, be answerable or accountable for any Loss which shall or may happen in the Execution of the aforesaid Trusts, or in relation thereunto unless the same shall happen by or through their or his wilful Default respectively.

XVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, H s Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, B dies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Judith Mellish and the said Henry Francis Meliish, and his First and other S ns, and the Heirs Male of his and their Body and respective Bodies ffu ng, and the said Anne Mellish and Eliza M llish, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies ifthing, and the righc Heirs of the said Charles Mellish deceased, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Estate, Use, Trull, Interest, or Benefir, of, in, to, or out of the said Manors, and other Hereditaments and Tythe«, hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, by virtue of or under the said herein-before in Parc recited Deeds or Instruments, and Will and Codicil, or any of them,) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Manors, Hereditaments, and Premises, and every or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been passed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the

6 Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a C py thereof so

printed shall be Evidence thereof before all Judges, Justices, and rf others.

i

ill '

:w

its

ie.

id

in

h5 as

jf*

ad

a

24 B

2121

Saving Clause.

A Copy ofthii Ac printed by the King's Printer to oe Evidence.

[Lee. £sf Per.]

The

2 1 22

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing AdL

The Manors or Lordflitps, or reputed Manors or Lordships of Hodfock, Goldthofpe, Difcar, and Costrop, in the County of Nottingham, and all Manerral Rights and Privileges whatsoever, in anti over the Forest Lands in Carlton in the fame CouRty, in th Occupation of William Raddish, John Coupe, and the Devisees of the Testatur Charles Mellish Esquire, deceased.

A Messuage or Tenement and Buildings, Three Cot-cages and Gardens, and a Farm, called Hodfock Hall Farm, consisting of Forty-two Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land in the Township of Hodfi.ck, in the Parish of Blyth in the County of Nottingham, in the Occupation of Judith Mrllifti — A Close cf Meadow or Pasture, called Wood House Meac.ow, in Hodfock aforesaid, in the Occupation of George Bit g’ev -

A Mr flu age or Tenement, and Buildings, Gardens, and a Farm, called the Hocfock Lodge Farm, consisting of Thirty-seven Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land in Hodfock aforesaid, in the Occupation of Thomas Bower —

A Messuage or Tenement, and Buildings, Garden, and a Farm, called Fleecethorpe, consisting of Seventeen Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land in Hodfock aforesaid, and in the Parish of Carlton in the said County of Nottingham, in the Occupation of John Coupe -

A Piece or P. reel of Arable and Meadow Land in FI id ock aforesaid, in the Occupation of Joseph Cowlish.w -

A Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land, called the Whaiev Meadow, in Hodfock aforesaid, in the Occu patton of William Fofter -

A Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land in Hod fork aforesaid, called Mill Close, and Butler’s Pasture, in the Occupa ion of George Fofter —

Seven Pects or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land, called the Duck Pools in Hodfock aforesaid, in the Occupation of Thomas Frankland —

A Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land, called Langwith Ing in Hodfock aforesaid, in the Occupation of Thomas Regers -

A MtfTujge or Tenement, and Buildings, Cot'ag , dens, and a Farm, called Frankland’s, or Hodfock M,11-Dyke Farm, consisting of Twenry-two f Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture J Hot. fock and Carlton aforesaid, in the Odcuc William Raddish -

Quantity. Yearly Rent.

A. R. P. £ J-

7S7 2 13 506 18 0

5 0 6 10 0

410 3 19 234 10 0

364 2 33 S3 1 0

1 3 18 180

8 0 ir 8 js 0

27 0 33 31 !a o

31 a 33 N O O 0

18 0 f 0 0 0

r 546 1 jC 3°7 1 6

0

0

o

o

o

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

Five Pieces or Parcels of Meadow, Pasture, and Wood or Plantation Land in Hodfock aforesaid, in the Occupation of Henry Francis Mellish -

A Mefiuoge or Tenement, Buildings, Garden, and Seven Pieces or Parcels of Meadow or Failure Land in Hodfock aforesaid, in the Occupation of William George Shuttle worth ——

Two Pieces or Parcels of Meadow or Pasture Land in Hodfock aforesaid, called Bradley’s Clofcs, in the Occupation of Thomas Walker -

A Piece or Parcel of Wood or Plantation Land in Hodfock aforesaid, called the Elm Holt -

A Dicto in Hodfock aforesaid, called the Whinn Plantation ——

A Ditto in Hodfock aforesaid, called the Whinn Plantation ——

A Ditto, being Part of a Plantation, called the F.ft;

Acre Plantation, in Hodfock aforesaid -

A Ditto, being the other Part of the fame Plantation, in Carlton aforesaid -

A Ditto, called the Hundred Acres Plantation, in Catlcon aforesaid -

A Ditto, called the Flafh Plantation, in Carlton aforesaid A Ditto, called the Triangle Plantation, in Carlton aforesaid — — —"

A Ditto, called the Larch Plantation, in Carlton aforesaid -

A Ditto, called Bilby Plantation, in Carlton aforesaid All which said Woods and Plantations have annually produced, upon an Average of the last Nine Years, about the Sum of -

Lands and Hereditaments, lying intermixed with the Blvth Estate (being the said Estates purchased in Exchange), let to Henry Francis Mellish at -

Quantity.

A. R. P.

51 1 35

53 2 28

10 2 6

2 3 12

3 3 32

3 3 32

29 1 16

21 1 20

IOI 1 21

8 0 29

4 3 34

15 3 24

2 3 7

Videlicet, The Scite of a Messuage in Blyth, in the Occupation of Henry Francis Mellish — Estimated Quantity. A. R. P. O 0 12 000

A Piece or Parcel of Land in a Field, called the Ambrev Croft, in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said Henry Francis Mellish — — — 0 2 24 0 2 24

A Piece or Parcel of Land in a Field, called Briber Hill Field, in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said Henry Francis Mellish — — — O 2 23 0 2 23

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Cunfdale Field in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occupation of John Thorpe — — — 0 3 13 0 3 13

The Scite of a Messuage, being a Piece or Parcel of Land in a Field, called the Old Yard, and Two Cow Gates on Cunfcar, and Rails, in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occupation of Thomas Frankland — — — 0 r 0 010

2123

Yearly Rent.

C ' a

93 3 0

50 2 o

12 O O

80 6 a

98 o 9

2124

4<5* GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

the Sixes, in Blyth aforesaid, in the tion of Richard Hickfon — l Piece or Parcel of Land, formerl Briber Hill Close, now in a Field, c<

Carlton Flatts, in the Occupation of Henry Francis Mellish —

1 Piece or Parcel of Land, formerly ir field, now in a Close, called the Short Cattle, in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occupation Parkin -

aforesaid, in the Occupation of George

Bingley -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the White Watei Fail in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occupation o: John Thorpe -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Long Lands, or Ellen-Tree-Fall Close in Styrruj Parishes of Blyth and Harworth,

of them, in the Occupation of

Nettleship -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Lonj or Ellen-Tree-Fall Close in Scyrru Lid, in the Occupation of the said Ncttlefiiip -

Occupation of the said Thomas Nettleship

said Thomas Nettleship

Occupation of the said Thomas Nettleship

cupation of John Rogers -

Hickfon -

t Piece or Parcel of Land in the ] and Ellen-Tree-Fall aforesaid,

Nettleship, or One of them A Piece or Parcel of Land in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occu liam Feller —

Occupation of John Parkin

Estimated

Quantity. Quantity

A. R. P. A. R. P-

4 0 0 2 I 15

4 0 0 ’ 3 1 10

too 022 7

0 2 0 0 1 18

I 2 O VO CO 0

IOO 109

0 2 0 0 2 24

I 2 O I c 28

-030 O 2 13

IOO O 3 21

-02 0 i O 2 12

-2 OO f 0 3 38

-2 OO 2 1 31

-I30 1 2 37

-i 0 27 1 0 27

Yearly Rent.

C: I

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

The Riaht of Pasture from the Twelfth of| Aoguft to the Fifth of April in the said Meadow, called the Sixes, and in Broad . Meadow in Blyth aforesaid -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Cattle Field aforesaid, in the Occupation of John Parkin -

A Piece or Parcel of Land, now divided in Ambrey Croft and Briber Hill Field afurt-said, in the Occupation of the said Heniy Francis Mellish -

The Upper Wood Field Close in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occupation of Thomas Nettleship A Piece or Parcel of Land in New Dyke Field in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occupation of Richard Hicklon -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in White Warer-Fall aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said Richard Hickfon -

A P ece or Parcel of Land in the LittleField aforesaid, in the Occupation of Thomas Nettleship A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Ellen-Tree-Fall, or Long Lands aforesaid, in the Occupation of Thomas Nettleship -

A Piece or Parcel of L «nd, formerly the Water Butt’s Close, and in the Water Butts, now divided, and in the Water Butts and Ambrey Croft aforesaid, in the Occupation of Henry Francis Mellish, George Bingley, and Benjamin Stacey -

A Piece or Parcel of Land, formerly in the Little Water Butts, and now in the Water Butts aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said George Bingley -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Long Lands aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said John Rogers -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Sixes aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said Richard H ickfon -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Water Butts aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said George Bingley -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Long Lands aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said John Rogers -

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Long Lands aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said John Rogers -

Five Messuages or Tenements, with their Appurtenances in Blyth aforesaid, and Four Beast Gates on Cunfcarr, and Rails aforesaid, in the Occupation of Mary Cousins, William [Loc. cs* Per.'} 24 C

Estimated

Quantity. Quantity.

A. R. P. a. r; p.

OOOO OOOO

IOO 0 3 22

9 0 0 7 3 24

4 0 11 4 0 11

2 1 20 2 1 20

220 220

1 2 0 1 2 32

O 2 13 026

804 724

O I 21 0 121

3 0 34 3 0 34

0 2 34 0 2 34

0 Cl 0 0 1 27

I O 0 1 0 37

2 2 24 2 24

212 5

Yearly Rent.

£ '

2i i6 46° GEORGII III. Ctf/. 104.

Wtfon, Thomas S.-otr, and William An- Estimated Quantity. Quantity. Yearly Rent.

A. R. P. A. R. P.

dfifon — — — O I 27 0 i 2;

A Pi.ce or Pared of Land in the Long Lands fcfu'csaid, in the Occupation of the Lid John R-gers — — — 2 0C 2 1 32

A Piece or Parcel of Land, formerly in the Buber Mill Field aforesaid, bat now divided in the fame Field and in Atnbre) Croft, in the Occupation of the said Henr} Francis Mrlliflv — — — I O C 034

A Piece or Parcel of Land in the Mill Fall a fore Lid, in the Occupation of Thomas Greaves — — — I O C 0 3 24

A Pine or Parcel of Lind in the Long Breck aforesaid, in the Occupation cf Alice Pye and Thomas Colton — — I O C 0 2 37

A P.icex-r Parcel of Lind in the Spittsl Ciofc. tormerlv in Briery Fall, in Blyth afore laid, in the Occupation of George Foltcr — o' 2 C 0 121

Total Quantity — — 2555 3 3> 1663 7 3

Deduction,—Two 3nnual Payments made to the Vicar

anti Clerk of Blyth — — —. 1100

.1661 17 3 JCHN HORN'CASTLE.

LONDON: Printed by Gf.orgs Eyes and Attdrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s xnoftExcel!tut Maje(ly3 i8c6.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 105.

An Act for ascertaining the Farms and Lands in the Parish of Inglijhcombe in the County of Somerset, of which the Great Tythes shall be paid to or taken by the Vicar for the Time being of that Parish.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS the Reverend John Batchellor is the Vicar of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Inglijhcombe in the County of Somerset and Diocese of the Bishop of Bath and JVells^ and as such Vicar the said John Batcbellor claims to be entitled to all Small Tythes and to the Great Tythes of divers Parcels of Lands situate for the mod Part disperfectly in the said Parish, containing Three hundred and twenty-six Acre% or thereabouts, and specified or enumerated in an ancient Terrier taken in the Year One thousand six hundred and twenry-six, now remaining in the Reg ftry of the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, and intituled, ‘ A true Note or Terrier of all the Glebe L.an Is, Gardens, Orchards, Houses, and Portions of Tythes belonging to the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Inglijhcombe in the County of Somerset, taken by those whose Names are hereunder written, in the Year ot our Lord God One thousand six hundred and twenty-six:’ And w ercas there is no other Evidence of the Certainty of such La ,ds, and from c e Lapse of Time, the Tythes not having been taken in Kind, and various other causes, it is impcflible to ascercain with Certainty the greater Pa t >.f the Lands enumerated in the said Terrier: And whereas John Mcewelbef of Caine in the County of Wilis Gentleman is the Patron of the said [Lor. & Per.J 24 C—D Chuuk

2126

Great Tythes of cer:ain Farms to be annexed to the Vicar of Inglilhcombe.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

Church, and also the Rector of the impropriate Rest or y of the said Parish, and as such is the Owjier in Fee of all the Great or Keftorial Tythes arfing in the said Parish, other than and except of a.certain Farm called Haycombe Farm, and of the said Parcels of Land and Hereditaments enumerated in the said Terrier, and liable to the Payment of Great Tythes ro 'the said Vicar for the Time being: And whereas it is attended wirh great Inconvenience to the said John Batcbellor, and also to the said John-Mere-wether, and productive of Litigation, that the Lands liable to the Payment of Great Tythes to the said Vicar cannot be ascertained, and on Account of the Uncertainty attending such Lands neither the said Vicar or Rest or is in a Situation to enforce his just Dues: And wheieas the Lid John Batcbellor zndjohn Merewether aredefirous that certain Lands, situate in the said Pari fti of Inglijbc mbe, shall be allotted as those which shall be ,’iable to the Payment of Great Tythes to the Vicar for the Time being of the said Parish, in lieu of the Lands and Hereditaments of which the Great Tythes belong to the said Vicar: And whereasThree several Farms situate in the said Parish of Inglish-combei now or lately belonging to Brickdaie, Attwood, and

Read, and now or late in the Occupation of Jvbn Cottle, containing together Three hundred and Thirty Acrts or thereabouts, being the Farms and Lands hrrein-after described and also specified in the Schedule to this Act, have been agreed and allotted by and between the said John Batcbellor and John Merewether, as the Farms and Lands which should pay Great Tythes to the said John Batcbellor and his Successors as Vicars for the Time being-, and such Farms and Lands are considered as affording Great Tythes of a Value exceeding the probable Value of the Great Tythes of the Parcels of Land and Hereditaments enumerated in the said Terrier: And whereas the said John Batcbellor and John Merewether are desirous that the said Farms and Lands (h ill continue for ever hereafter liable ro the Payment of Great Tythes to the said John Batcbellor and his Successors, Vicars for the Time being of the fad Parish of IngliJhcombet in lieu of and as a Compensation for the Great T\thes of such of the said Parcels of Land and Hereditaments enumerated in the said Terrier as are not comprized in the fame Farms and Lands; and the Right Reverend Richard: Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, as Ordinary of the said Diocese, is consenting that the said Arrangement and Agreement shall be prrpecuared and established: But, inasmuch as the fame Agreement cannot, by reason of the Laws now in force restraining Alienations by Ecclesi istical Persons be carried into complete Effect without the Aid and Authority of Parliament^ Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said John Batcbellor and John Merewether, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enactedj and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thau henceforth, and from Time to Time and ac all Times forever hereafter, the Great or Refturial Tythes and Tenths yearly arising, coming, encreasing, and renewing upon, from, and out of all those Three several Farms, and every of them, situate in the said Parish of IngliJljcombe, now or lately belonging to Brickdaie,

Attwood, and React and now or late in the Occupation of John

Cottlej containing together Three hundred and thirty Acres or thereabout, and every Part and Parcel of the fame with the Appurtenances, being the Farms and Lands of which a Particular is contained in a Schedule of this Act, shall be annexed to and be deemed Parcel of the said Vicarage, and 11 be

2 127

46° G E'ORGII III. Cap. 10.5.

be payable and paid, yielded and rendered to the said John Batcheller and his SucttlTors For the Time being. Vicars of the LidPa iih of IngliJhcombe% as and fGr the Great Tythesof those Pieces or Parrels of Lands and other Hereditaments which are enumerated in the Lid Terrier, as liable to the Payment of Great Tythes; and the fame Tythes shall be in lieu of and as an Equivalent for the Great Tythes of the fame Lands and Hereditaments so enumerated in the said Terrier, and shall or may be recovered and receivable by the said Vicar and-his Successors fer the Time being, in the fame or the like Manner as if the said Three several Farms and Lands herein-before described were, in fail, the Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments in respect of which the Great Tythes were due and of Right payable to the said Vicar for the Time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That henceforth, and from Time to The Great Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, the Great Tythes of such and ^he^Land* so many and such Parts of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land and other to become Hereditaments, described in the said Tcrrier,ytnd containing Three hundred and twenty six Acres or thereabout, with the Appurtenances, as ReS.ry of ate not Parcel of the said Three several Farms and Lands, nor of the I*igi>lhoomb*. said Farm called Haycombe Farm, shall become and be Parcel of the impropriate Rectory of the said Parish of IngUJhcombe, and be payable and paid, yielded and rendered to the said John Merrwether, his Heirs, Appointees, and Assigns, and shall be vested in him, his Heirs, and Trustees, for the fame or the like Estates, and pass and be transferrable in the fame or the like Manner as if the fame Tythes had been and had continued Panel of the impropriate Rectory of the said Parish of IngUJhcombe.

III. Saving always unto the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General ^nd. Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Savin* Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors,

and Administntors, (other than and except to the said John Batcbellor and his Successors, Vicars for the Time being of the said Parish Church of Inglijkcomhfii and the said John Mfrewether, his Heirs, Apppintees, and Alligns, and all Persons claiming or to claim any Estate, Right,

Title, or Literelt under him or them,) all such Estate, Right, Title,

Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, ir, to, and out of the said Tythes, which are ascertained and settled by this Act, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been passed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence. Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty-, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices,

and others.

2128

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Ad.

A PARTICULAR of LANDS now or lately belonging to Brickdale within the Parish of

Inglifhcombe in the County of Somerset, now or late in the Occupation of John Cottle.

Home Ground, 4 Acres Do. i. Acres West Mead —

Park Corner —

Rufhbed —

The Field —

Long Ash —

Headland —

Collin’s Tyning —

Furlong —

Newgate and Henbreach —

Further Wales Bottom —

Wood in Do. —

Plain-a beach —

Hither Wale* Bottom Withey Bed Garden and Orchard Homestead and Orchard Lew Moor —

High Do —

Bradley’s Mead —

The Foffe —

In/batch Piece —

Ashes Hill —

The Down —

Eastover —

Wood above Do. -

Hawken Close* —

Half Acre Lane —

Brickdale’* Lands —

PARTICULAR of LANDS now or lately belonging to Attwood in the said Parish of Inglifhcombe, now or late in the Occupation of the said John Cottle.

West Mead —

Alb's Hill —

In Crabtree Tyning Middle Patch, 4 Acres In Middle Patch Stibb Acre —

Edgely (including Paddock) Paddley (including Wood) The Croft —

Burdgeland* —

Farnham —

Attwood’* Land* —

PARTICULARS of LANDS now or lately belonging to Read in the said Parish of Inglifhcombe, now or late in the Occupation of the said John Cottle.

Upper Eastover —

Lower Do -

Eastover Downs (including Cottage) —

Wood below Do. -

Total of

Read’s Lands —

Total Quantity of the Three Farms -

EDW. CORFIELD,

Land Surveyor.

2j* 3

Jf

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ir

Cap. 106.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of

!Thomas Scrape, of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Purchase Monies, under the ’ Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the

Purchase of other Ertates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[3d July 1806.]

T "W" WHEREAS 'Thomas Scrope, of Coleby in the County of Lincoln, wi,j \/\/ E®lu',rc» deceased, duly made and published his Iaft Will and mwi V T Testament in Writing, dated the Twenty-ninth Day of Novem-ler% One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and did thereby give ber and devise unto his Wife, Eliza Maria Scrope, all his Manors or reputed Manors, capital Messuages, Farms, Cottage^ Closes, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Rents, Charges, Hereditaments, and Real Estates whatsoever and wheresoever, in the County of Lincoln, with ^11 their Royalties, Rights, Liberties, Frarchises, and Appurtenances, whatsoever thereunto belonging,

to hold to her and her Assigns, for and during the Term of her natural

life, without Impeachment of Waste, and ofeer her Decease he gave and devised the fame unto such Person or Persons, and to such Eftite and Estates, and to and for such Use«, Intents, and s, as he should by any Deed or Codicil in Writing under his Hand and Seal, attefLd by Three or more credible Witnesses, give, devise, 1 mir, or appoint he fame:

And whereas the said Testator died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninery-two, without having made or executed any Deed ox ( Codicil in Writing respecting the Estates deviled by his said Will, or in

anywise altering or revoking the fame: And whereas the said Testator died 9 f Loc. & Per,j 24 E without

of Tho«

lizu

7«J.m

213

T!.! raid

liltates vfft in Trustees ioi the pvil pole of conveying the same.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 106.

wi h.ut Issue, leaving the said Elizi Maria his Wife him surviving; and she the said Eliza Maria hath since intermarried with General Albemarle B rtie: rtfid whereas tfe said General Albemarle Bertie and Eliza Maria his Wife are m Possession of the Estates aforesaid, under the a tore said Devise thereof to the kid Eliza Maria Bertie for her Life as aforesaid; and there being no Devise in the said Will of the ultimate Remainder or Revession in Fee Simple of the said Estates cxpc&ant on the Death of the said Eliza Maria Bertie, ihe fnrd Remainder or ReverGon in Fee Simple hath been claimed by Stephen Tempeji, of Broughton near Skipton in the County of York, Esquire; but inasmuch as such Claim is derived through a remote Line of Ancestry, it is apprehended that the fame cannot be made out without considerable Difficulty: And whereas Fart of the Did devised Estates consists of several Messuages, Farms, and Lands, Gtuate in Great Gonerby, Manthorpe, and Barrowby, in the County of Lincoln, containing together Three hundred and eleven Acres or thereabout, and being let to Tenants at several Yearly Rents, amounting to the clear Yearly Rent cf One hundred and w. nety-one Pounds, a Particular of which said detached Estates, and of the yearly Rents thereof, is set forth in the Schedule to this Act: And whereas the said Estates mentioned or described in the said Schedule lie detached from the Mansion House of Residence late of the said Ttftator, and now of the said Albemarle Bertie and Eliza Maria his Wife, and from the Bulk, of the said devised Estates; and an Opportunity having offered for felling the same to very great Advantage, the said Albemarle Bertie did enter into an Agreement in Writing, dated the F'irst Day (A December Onetheufund eight hundred and five, for Sale of the said detached Estates to the Right Honourable Brownlovo Lord Brownlow, in Fee Simple, for the Sum of Eighteen thousand Pounds, with a Condition for making the said Agreement void in case an Act of Parliament should not be obtained for effeduatirfg the Sale of the said detadhed Estates within Twelve Months from thence next enfuirtg j and an Opportunity has also offered of making an eligible Purchasd near to the said Bulk of the said Estates: And whereas the said Albemailt* Bertie and Eliza Maria his Wife, and also the said Brctvnloiv Lord Brown low, are desirous that the said detached Estates shall tie conveyed to him the said Brownlovo Lord Browulow, pursuant to the said recited Article;, and the clear Purchase Monies inverted, under the Dtredfson of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Effaces to be settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses, and from the < xtraor ffnary Advantages arifingto the said Albemarle Bertie and Eliza 'Maria his Wife, and to the Person or Persons entitled in Remainder ex-pedant on the Death of the hid, Eliza Maria, by the Sale of the said detailed Estates, and the Purchase of another Estate near the Bulk of the said devised Estates, it is expedient that the said Proposal should be effected; but, inafmi ch as by Reason of the Difficulty in making out the Pedigree of the said Stephen Tempeji, as Heir at Law to the said Testator Thomas Scrape, a clear Title cannot be made to the Reversionin Fee of the said Estates proposed to be sold, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Albemarle Bertie and Eliza Maria his Wife, and Brownlovo Lord Browrlow, do most humbly befeeih Your Majesty thac it may be enacted; and be it enacted d by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent 1 or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlii-r_' meat a firm bled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, Closes, Lands, Hereditaments,

ar.d

2i3S

z

id

or

hs

as

id

to

cer

her

ex-

U

'[fie

ed;

tof

)fO*

tie*

\ari most i#

so

allif

jrf

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 106.

and Prem f s mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act, and let to Tenants at yearly Rents, amounting to the clear yearly Sum of One hundred and ninety^one Pounds, or thereabouts, together with their and every of their Rights, Liberties, Members, Easements, and Appurtenances, and all and every the Allotment and Allotments made or to be made in lieu of or in respect of the Laid Hereditaments and Premises or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lorcships of Great Gonerby Manthorpe cum Little Gonerby in tbs County of Lincoln, shall from and after the passing of this Act be settled upon and veiled in, and the same are hereby from thenceforth settled upon and vested in the Most Noble Brownlow Duke of Ancafler and Kejieven, and James Everard Arundel/, of Imham in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, and their Heirs, to the Use of, them the said Brownlow Duke of Ancafler and Keft even, and James Everard Ar undell, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, treed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, exonerated, and discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Estates, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, in and by the said Will of the said Lhomas Scrope limited and expressed of and concerning the same; and also of and from the Claim of the Heir or Hrirs at Law of the said Thomas Scrope; and also of and from the Claim of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and His Heirs and Successjr', in Default of such Heir or Heirs of the said Thomas Scrope; but nevertheless upon the several Trulls, and to and for the several Ends,

Intents, and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared of and concerning the same Premises, (that is to say)tupon Trull, that they the said Brown* low Duke of Ancafler end K eft even, and James Everard Arundell, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, shall and do, upon Payment by the said Brownlow Lord Brownlow, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, of the said Sum of Eighteen thousand Pounds Purchase Money into the Bank of England, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, convey the said MdTuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and He-rtdFamencs, so hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of him the said Brownlow Lord Brownlow, and his Heirs and Assigns for ever, or to such other Uses, or in such other Manner as he or they mall direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Sum of Eighteen The Money thoqfand Pounds shall be paid by the Porchafer or Purchasers into the sJe/Ic.^o1* Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant be paid into General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account the"ank* there, ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Estates of Thomas Scrope,

£'quire, cfeceaiVd, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of die Twelfth Year of King George the Second,

Chapter the Twenty-fourth; and all the said Money lo paid into the Bank shall, upon Petition to the High Court of Chancery in alummary Way, by the said Albemarle Bertie and Eliza Maria his Wife, or the Person or Re.fons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Estates to be purchased, be laid out and inverted in the Purchase or Purchases of Freehold MdTuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in England, or of Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments which may be contiguous and be convenient to be held therewith , all which Premises

so

2 I 3&

*nd laid out in the Purchase of f'-avy and Vifluailing Bills, &c.

Certificate of the Accountant General declared a sufficient Dif-

tsc.

By whom the Rents of the Estates are to be received until the Sale.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 106.

ft) to be purchased shall be conveyed, settled, and assured to, upon, and for and under, and subject to such and so many of the Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, to which the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament's h reby veiled and settled as aforesaid, did immediately before the passing of this Act (land settled or were limited and subject to, as shall be then lubfirting and capable of taking Effed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Money which shall be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Manner before dieded, shall in the mean Time and until the same shall be inverted in Purchases under the Direction of this Act, be from Time to Time laid out by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills; and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the lame, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills-, all which said Navy and Vidualiing Bills or Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the fame shall, upon Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the said Albemarle Bertie and Eliza Maria his Wife, or such other Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General for completing the Purchase or Purchases hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Court shall think jult and meet; and if the Money arising by the Sale of any such Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus wh:ch lha 1 remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands hereby diredrd to be purchased, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Represencative of such Person or Persons.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cashiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in the proper Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England, by the Purchaser or Purchasers of any of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, of his or their Purchase Money, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his or their respective Heirs, Executors, Adminiflraiors, and Assigns, for che said Purch ife Money, or so much thereof for which such Certificate and Receipts shall be respectively given; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Mifipplication, or Nonapplication thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until such Sale shall be made as aforesaid of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, they the said Brownlew Duke of Ancaster and Kejlevtn, and James Everard Arundell, and the Survivor of them, and his Heir?, (hill permit

11 and

2 1-37

46? GEORGGII III. Cap. 106.

and suffer the Rents and Profit^ of the fame Hereditaments to be had, received, and taken by such Person or Personsas would respectively have been entitled to have, hold, receive, and enjoy the fame, m case this Act had not been made,

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case it shall h-.ppen that the said Sale hereby authorized to be made to the said Bn<wvlow Lord Broivnlcw, his Heirs and Afligm, cannot be effeduated, then and in such Case the said Messuages, Farms Lands, Tenements, and Hereditarrents hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, shall be and remain vested in them the said Brownlow Duktoi Ancaster and Kesteven, and James Everard Arunde!lt2.nd their Heirs, upon Trust. that they the said Brownlw Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven, and James Everard Arwid://, or the Sur. vivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, do and Hull re-convey and re-allure the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to and for ami under and subject to such and so many of the LJles, Estates, Powers, Provifjes, and Limitations to which the fame Premises did, immediately before the passing of this Act, Hand set led, or were limited and subj^ft to, as shall be then subsisting and capable or taking effect.

VII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successor% and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succdfors, Executors, and Adminitlraiors, (other than and except the said Albem irle Bertie and Eliza Maria his Wife, and the Heir or Heirs at Law of and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim under the said Thomas Scrope, deceased), all such Ellate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the Messuages, Farms, Lands, 7'enements, and Hereditaments hereby veiled, in Trust, to be sold as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made, but so as the said Saving to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and His Heirs and Successors, shall not be conllrued to lave and preserve to Him and them the ltevcrfio i or Remainder in Fee Simple expedant on the Death of the said Eliza Maria Bertie, of and in the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, or any of them, in case the Heir or Heirs at Law of the said Thomas Scrope shall not be found.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

In csfe Sji«

t-> Lord Hrownlovr, c:mn»t be clfedt luted, Ellate* de-

yelled in the said Trustee* for the I.use Uses as before the p lUing of tins Act-

General S iving of Kigiit*-

At t may be given in Evidence when printed.

2t :8

46° CECRGII III. Cap. 106. '

The Schedule to which the foregoing Act refers.

Tenants Name*. 1 Ecscription of Tenements. 1 j Quantity. j Annual Rent. Parishes where

situate

a. r. r. £ J- d.

1 homas I'.itvn- A F.rm House, Bun. 0.

son - - - lkt\ and ( 1 jfe, tailed Coat

li.ii', ami itvera! Pa.ceis o‘

A»* b It, M c a d j *v, and i a fI u r e Lnrni, in the Fields of Great G into by, in the County of )2,3 o o 131 0 0 Great Goneiby,

Lincoln, anti Kijit Cow

G.tes with the Commons

thereto belonging - - /*V

tVitlwm Net tt A Farm Boufeand Offices^ L

ami icvefal P reels or Arable Meadow, and Patiure Land in the Fields of M mthorpe, in

the County of Lincoln, and Five Beall Commonson Man-

thorpe P.Hurt*, and Six B.-aft Commons on Goner by Paf-tu-e; a Cottage House* and Fa n-. Hotife, and Offices in Goner by, with the Commons 98 0 0 60 0 0 Manthorpe, GrcatGonerby, and Barrowby.

t eretobelonuing,andaCIofe ot Meadow Land in Barrow-by, in the said County of Lincoln, containing 'Three Acres

Benj" Chealts

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*oM

Cap. 107.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Honor, Manor, and Parish of Wormegay, in the County of Norfolk. ("3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-fird Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled " An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inferred in " Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several ,f Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts And whereas there are within the Honor, Manor, and Parish of Wormegay% in the >' County of Norfolk, divers Arable, Meadow, and Pa flu re Lands, Fens,

Mar dies, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And whereas Daniel Henry Lee Warner F.squire is Lord of the Honor and Manor of Wormegay, in the said County, and claims to be entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and Thomas Berners PUftovo Esquire is Lord of the Manor of Tottenbill, and claims to be entitled to the Soil of Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, called West Briggs Common and all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, situate lying and being within the said Honor, Manor, and Parish of Wormegay belong to the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, and Thomas Berners Plejtow, and to James Parker Curties, and divers other Persons respectively: And whereas Part of the said Arable, Meadow, and Padure Lands are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and great Part of the said Fens, Marshes, Commons, and Waste Grounds are frequently overflowed with Water, and in their present State and Condition yfr yield but little Profit to the several Persons intereded therein: And whereas it would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to and - intereded in the Premi'es if the said Arable, Meadow, and Padure Lands,

Fens, Marshes, Commons and Waste Grounds were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto and [Loc, & Per.] 24 G iniercfled

2142

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lo;

interested in the fame according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, and if the said Fens, Marshes, Commons, and Waste Grounds were drained; but such Division, Allotments, and Drainage cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Tour Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parlia-6ommission- ment a'fiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ITnry Bell of trs. Wellington, in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, John Dugmore of Swaffbem,

in the said County, Gentleman, and John Burcham of Bale, in the said County, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed General Commissioners for dividing and allotting the said Arable, Meadow, and Failure Lands, Fens, Marshes, Commons and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to such Directions and Provisions as are herein contained, and also subject to such Powers, Authorities, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as are not altered, varied, or otherwise provided for by this Act; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said General Commissioners, or any other General Commissioner or Commissioners who shall be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, may be done and executed by any two of them, and the same shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect as if such Acts, Matters and Things had been done and executed by all the said General Commissioners herein-before named, or to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned.

For appointing New Commission-

II. And be it further enacted, Thar, if any of the General Commissioners herein-before named, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or become incapable to act as a General Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or shall die before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed and vested in the said General Commissioners, shall be fully executed and performed j then, and in every such Case, the surviving or remaining General Commissioner or Commissioners shall, within Forty Days next after his or their Knowledge of such Refusal or Incapacity to act, or of such Death, by Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, appoint another Person (not interested in the Premises) to be a General Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, and the said recited Act, in the Place of such General Commissioner so refusing or becoming incapable to act, or dying as aforesaid; and every Person so to be appointed a General Commissioner as aforesaid shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath or Affirmation set forth in the said recited Act have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act, and this Act into Execution, in all Respects, as if he had been named and appointed a General Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Surveys, Admeasurements, meniof Sur- and Plans, as shall be necessary and requisite to be made and taken for veyor. the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act, and this Act into Execution, shall be made and taken by Charles Burcham of Bale aforesaid, Land Surveyor, in case he shall in all Things conform to or comply with the Ordeis and Directions of the said General Commissioners; but, in cale the said Charles Burcham shall die, or decline, or be incapable to act in the Premises,or shall neglect or refuse to make such Surveys, Admeasurements,

and

2T+3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

and Plans, or to conform to or comply with the Orders and Directions of the said General Commissioners, then the said Surveys, Admeasure-tnents, and Plans shall be made and completed by such Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) as the said General Commissioners shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause Notice of the Time and Place of their first and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act to be inferred in the Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, or in forr.e other Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Norfolk, E'ght Days at least before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment excepted); and if one only of the said General Commissioners shall be present at the Time and Place to be appointed for any such Meeting, then, and in such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the General Commissioner then and there present to adjourn such Meeting to such Place within the said Parish of Wormegay, or within Eight Miles thereof, as he shall think most convenient, giving Notice of such Adjournment to the absent Commissioners.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said General Commissioners, in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Acr, shall be so given by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Norfolk

VI. And be it further enacted, That, in order to shorten the Boundary Fences between the said Parish of Wormegay, and the Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, and to make the fame regular, it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners (with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the said Parish of Wormegay, (such Value to be ascertained by the Land-Tax Assessment for such Parish or Parishes respectively,) and also under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors in any such adjoining Parish or Parishes, or of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such P’ence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made,) to fee out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences lobe made between the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and, after such Boundaries shall befo set out, ascertained, and determined, the same shall be inclosed and fenced by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time as the said General Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of Wormtgay and such adjoining Parish or Parishes, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested, or claiming to be interested, in the said intended Division and Allotments, touching, or concerning the respective Rights and Interests, which they, or any o( them, shall claim <to have, of, in, to, or upon the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or concerning any Allowance claimed, or to be made for

ploughing.

Notice of General Commissioners’ Meet-

One General

Commissioner may ad-

Other Nobs given.

For shorten-ing the Boundary Fences again!! adjoining Parishes.

Commissioners to settle Differences.

2144-

2144. Personj giving frlfe Evi. dence to b« pumQied. 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107. ploughing, lowing Turnips or Corn, laying down with Grass Seeds, manuring or improving the said Lands, or touching or concerning any other Matrer or Thing whatsoever, it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having been summoned, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, to testify the Truth, upon Oath, touching any Matter in Difference between any of the said Proprietors or Persons interested, or otherwise relating to the Execution of the Powers given by the said recited Acr, and this Act, and having been paid, or tendered a sufficient Sum of Money to be ascertained by the said General Commissioners, to defray the Charges of his, or her Attendance, shall not appear before the said Geperal Comm.iTioners, pursuant to such Summons, without assigninglome reasonah e Excu e for not appearing, or appearing, shall refuse to be (worn, or to be examined, and give Evident touching the Premises the said General Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof, made before them upon Oath, (which Oath either of the said General Commissioners is hereby empowered to adm nifter,) shall, and they are hereby authorized, by Warrant under th'ir Hands and Sells, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoev r, to cause any Sum of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levird by Distrrfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person lo neglecting or refusing to appear and give Evidence, rendciing the Overplus, (it any,) upon Demand, to the Person whole Goods and Chattels iha 1 have b ui so distrained and fold, after deducring the Costs and Charg s artendn g such DistreL and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as atorel id, fl i be applied towards defraying the Costs and Cha-gesuf obtaining this Act, and executing the said recited Act, and this Act.

Commission.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said General Commis-

rs to iflefa Colt*. sioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination o' any Claim or Objection, to be delivered to them, in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act, fee Cause to award any Coih, it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, of n Ai plication made to them for that Purpose, to settle, afiefs and award ludi Costs as they shall think reasonablcto be paid to the Pariy or Parties, :n who'e favour any Determination of the said General Comtmflionc-s shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Objection shall be thereby difillowed or over-ruled, or against whom the said General Comnnflioners shall have determined s aforesaid i and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay mch Costs, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame upon Demand, it shall be lawful for the said General CominifiioRers, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant, under thcii Hands and Seals, oirecteJ to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs to be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) upv n Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whole Goods and Chattels shall have been lo distrained and fold, alter deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Dutrels anu Sale. X. Provided

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107. 2x45

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per- ,rr

son or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, nyf* who shall make any Claim of any Commonable, or other Right or Interest in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or who shall make any Objection to any such Claim of any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said General Commissioners, touching or concerning any such Claim or Objection, or be desirous of having the Matter of any such Claim nr Objection decided by the Verdict of a Jury, and shall within One Calendar Month next after such Determination, cause Notice, in Writing, of such Difsatisfac- t tion, or Desire to be delivered to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of the said General Commissioners, and of the Party or Parties in whole Favour such Determination shall be made, or his, her, or their Agent, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, (giving such Notice as aforesaid) to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Genei :l commissioners,at the then next A Hires, to be held for the said]County of AA We, unless such Assizes shall happen within Two Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said General Commissioners, and, in that Cafe, at the second Assizes, to be held for the said County next after such Determination i and for that Purpose, the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall within Six Weeks next after such Determination, cause an Action to be brought in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at {Vest. minster, upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Deter* ruination shall have been made, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is, and are hereby requited to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim, and the Right or interrff thereby infilled upon, may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court, in which the said Action shall be commenced in case the Patties shall differ about the fame,) and the Verdict which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action shall be binding, final, and conclusive, unless the Court wherein such Action shall be Drought, shall let aside such Verdict, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to do, in case the said Court shall think proper; and that after such Verdict shall be obtained, and not set aside by the said Court, the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow of the Claim thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

XI. Provided always, That if no such Notice shall be given, or if any such Notice shall be given, and such Action at Law shall not be commenced as aforesaid, or if any such Action shall be commenced, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not proceed to Trial within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, then and in every such Case the Determination of the said General Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

If no Action brought, or not proceeded in the Determination of the General Commissioners to be final.

[Lee. & Per.] 24 U

214.6 4&* GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

Suit not to

XII. Provided also, That if any of the Parties, in any such Action to btf Ddkthofany brought or Commenced as aforesaid, shall die before the Determination Party there- thereof, such Action shall- hot abate by reason thereof, but shall be pro* to ceeded in, as if no i'uch Event had happened.

No Reed,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person, cter^TuiMf0'1" ^r0m anc* ^cer t^e Meeting of the said General Commissioners under Plags, Whins, th’s Act, to cut. dig, pare, grave, flav, or carry away any Reed, Rudies, or Furze, to Fodder, Turf, Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Fens, be cutafter Marshes, Commons, and 'Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without Meeting of licence of the said General Commissioners, fird had and obtained in the General Writing for that Purpose* (which Licence the said General Commissioners Commission- are hereby empowered to grant, under such Regulations and Restrictions’ ert, without as they shall chink proper to inferf therein); and if any Person shall, after eir eave* the palTing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Reed, Rushes, F dder, Turf, Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Fens,'Mar(hes, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without fiy:h Licence as aforesaid, or having obtained such Licence, shall act in any Manner contrary to the fame, the said General Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them, or before any Justice of the Peace arting in and for the said County, uport Oath (which Oath either of the said General Commissioners, or loch Justice, is hereby empowered to administer) shall, and they are hereby required, b/ Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chact.-ls of the Person ^offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) upon Deman'l, to the Person whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold', after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards- defraying the Colb and Charges of obtaining this Acr, and executing the said recited Act, and this Act.

For extinguishing or suspending Rights of

before the Award.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times before the Execution of their Award, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the Door of the Church of Wormegay aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Commonable Rights in, over, and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extin-guished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for and during such Time as shall be expressfed in such Writing, and such Rights shall be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commission-

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this er» to d'r a Act, Until the Execution of the said Award, no Parc of the Meadow or o^Husband Pa^ure Lands, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be ploughed tyt " or converted into Tillage without the Consent of the said General Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose; and thac all the Lands, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall, during that Time, be used and managed in such Manner and shall be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said General Commissioners shall from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to be

affixed

4.6" GEORGII III. Cap.'07. 2I47

alfcxed upon the Door of the Church of Wormegay aforesaid appoint, as well with regard to the (locking, as to the draining, ploughing, folding, tilling, sowing, and laving down the fame, and also as to the cutting of Thorns or Bushes thereon; and that it shall be lawful for the said General Com-rhiftioners to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money, in respect thereof, to be paid by any Person interested in the said Lands, or any Part thereof, or his or her Tenant, to any other Person in like Manner interested therein, or his or her Tenant, as they, the said General Commissioners, shall think reasonable-, and in case any Person, who shall be directed to pay any such Sum or Sums of Money, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then, and in such Case, it dial) be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to raise and levy the same for the Ule and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs,

Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and executing the said recited Act and this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That none of the present Public High- old Roadi ways or Roads within the said Parish of Wormegay, shall be ihut up or dif-. tobecon- continued until the Roads intended to be and remain Public Highways

within the same Parish, shall be let out according to the Directions of the Roa(ise^c said recited Acr* and until the fame shall. be properly formed, and made made, l’afe and convenient for Horses, Cattle and Carriages. l

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners Allotment' shall in the first Place assign, fee our, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, for Right of Lady or Ladies, of the said Honor and Manor of Wormegay, and unto Soil.

the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of 'foilinbill, for the Time being, and unto any other Person or Persons, being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors within the Parish of Wormegay aforesaid, or to such of them as is, are, or shall then be entitled to the So l of t e said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof,

(o much and such Part or Parts of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted as shall, in the Judgment of the said General Commissioners, be equal in Value to One-eighteenth Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and the said Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Compensation and R compence to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for his, her, or their Right in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners Allotmoni shall then assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or La- for |ruci fa dies of the said Honor and M inor of Wormegay > and the Churchwardens firine for and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Wormegay for the Time lhc Poor-being, such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, lying in

the Parish of Wormegay aforesaid, as the said General Commissioners shall think proper, (the Annual Value of such Allotment or Allotments not exceeding the Annual Average Value of fifteen Acres of the whole of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, lying in Wormegay aforesaid,) and such Allotment or Allotments shall be vested in the Lord of the said Honor and Manor, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor ©t the said Parish of Wormegay for the Time being, for ever, upon the

Trusts,

2148 +6° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

Trusts, and for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall, if necessary, cause the said Allotment or Allotments, or any Part thereof, to be ploughed, and Whin or Furze Seed to be Town thereon, and shall cause the Whins, Furze, Turf, or Flags growing and being thereon, to be from Time to Time cut by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Times in every Year, as they the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them shall appoint; and the Whins, Furze, Turf, and Flags, so to be cut as aforesaid, shall be distributed by the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, unto and amongst the Inhabitants of the said Parish of JVormegay, who shall be legally settled therein, and shall not respectivrly occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the Yearly Value of Six Pounds, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, in such Manner, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Regulations as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe, ancf not otherwise; and it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of the said Paridi of JVormegay, who shall answer the Description aforesaid. :o use and enjoy a Right of Common of Pasture over and upon the said Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made, in Trust as aforesaid, with such Geese or Cattle, in such Manner, and at such Times in every Year, and under such Rules and Regulations, as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe, and not otherwise.

Allotmeyt*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners for Public shall assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within firaveilpuj. Parish of JVormegay aforesaid, such Part of the Lands hereby diietfed to be divided and allotted lying in JVormegay aforesaid, not exceeding Three Acres, as the said General Commissioners shall think proper and reasonable, for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish of JVormegay, and their Tenants for the Time being, respectively to use such Allotment or Allotments, and any convenient Part or Parts of the said Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made, in Trust as aforesaid, as and for Public Watering places for Cattle, and as and for Public Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, and Chalk Pits, in such Manner, and under-such Rules and Regulations as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Honor and Manor of JVormegay, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways in JVormegay aforesaid for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time direct or appoint.

Lords of

XX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords, Manor* to and Lady or Ladies of the said Honor and Manor oJJVormegay for the Time ft by Proxy, being, to act in the Execution of the Trusts hereby repoled in him, her, or them as aforesaid, by his, her, or their Agent or Proxy respectively, such Agent or Proxy being appointed by Writing under the Hand or Hands of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being, and producing his Appointment at the Time of his acting by virtue thereof.

4<j" GEORGII III. Cap. 107. 2149

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioner^ Allotment shall assign, set out, and allot unto the several Owners of Mrfibages or £u‘ke Cottages in tVormegav aforesaid, having in respect thereof Rights of Common upon the said Commons and Walle Grounds, or any Part Grounds <o thereof, such Part of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, p* Val.<eof as the said General Commissioners shall deem and confidr-r ro be equal

in Value per Annum to the Annual Average Value of Three Acres of ofeachCom-the said Commons and Waste Grounds, for each and every such Mel- m-.narde fuage or Cottage, over and above the Allotment or Allotments to which R°u(r* the Owners of such Messuages or Cottages resptctively shall be entitled by virtue of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall assign, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided anJ allotted, (save and except such Parts thereof as shall be assigned, let out, and allotted to the Special Commissioners hereinafter appointed for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned,) unto and among the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all and every other Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Interest in, to, over or upon the lame, or any Part thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the said General Commissioners shall adjudge and determine ro be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Parrs and Shares of such Lands and Grounds, and his, her, or their respective Rights and Inter?(Is therein; in making which last mentioned Allotments, the Lid General Commissioners shall not pay any Regard to (he Land herein-before directed to be allotted to the Owners of the said Messuages or Cottages resptclively.

XXIII. Provided always, That if any Person hath fold, or contracted, or In case any agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the said J>erf^n <bal* Award, fell or contract, or agree to fell his or her Right, Interest, and ,jon Property in, to, over, or upon the Lands hereby directed to be divided and the Allot- allotted, or any Part thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such mentis 10 be Cafe it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the ruic a er’ Vendee, or Purchaser, in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to

his or her Heirs or Assign s, for and in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee, or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns,

shall and may, from and afeer the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the l and so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, io the same Manner as the Vendor, in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right,

Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Tunc of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners Limlsrequir-fha 11, by their Award, ascertain and describe the Lands hereby directed to ,nSto bc

be divided and allotted, which shall in their Judgment require to be drain- beafcenaioed cd j and such Lands, so ascercained and described, shall, from and after the byiheAward,

[Lee, Psr.] C4 / Execution and Award

21 50

snd Ont Co py thereof tc

Church of Wormegay.

All Rights determine.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

Execution of the said Award, be deemed to be the Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act; and a true Copy of the said Award, wrote upon Parchment, and signed and attested by the said General Commissioners to be a true Copy thereof, together with a proper Map or Plan, thereto annexed, shall, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Awa'd, be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Afor-folk, who is hereby required to deposit and keep the fame among the Records of the said County, so that Recourse may be had thereto, by any Person or Persons interested in the Premises, for the Reception whereof the bee of Two Guineas shall be paid, and for the Inspection and Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid; and the said Award shall, from and after the Delivery of such Copy thereof, so signed and attested as aforesaid to the said Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and taken to be inrolled, according to the Directions, and within the Meaning of the said recited Act; and another Copy Of the said Award, wrote on Parchment, and finned and attested by the said General Commissioners to be a true Copy thereof, with a proper Map or Plan thereto annexed, (hill, within the Time aforesaid, be deposited and kept in the Parish Church of Wormegay aforesaid, and the said Award, and the said Copies thereof, or any othrr Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, attested by the said General Commissioners, or by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, (for which Copy no more shall be paid than Fourpence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words) shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatsoever an i the Original Award shall be delivered to, or deposited with the Lord of the faio Honor and Manor of Wormegay, and the several Allotments, Partitions, Orders, Directions, Meters and Things contained in the said Award, shall be, and are hereby declared to be binding, final and coaclu-five, upon all and every Person and Persons interested in the Premises: And all Commonable Rights and Inreiefts whatsoever, in, e ver, or upon the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Parc thereof, (h ill, from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award, tease, determine, and be for ever extinguished, and the fame Lands shall for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed by the several and respective Owners and Proprietors thereof in Severalty.

No Sheep to

XXV. Provided always, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any be k^pt in of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, whereon any new Fence do(u^e'*Vfcr" be raised during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution Seven Years. of ^ie feid Award, unless the Person keeping the lame shall first, at his or her own Expence, make and maintain a sufficienc Fence to guard and protect the young Fences belonging to such Allotments from being hurt or damaged by such Sheep or Lambs whether such young Fences be made or set by the Owner or Occupier of such Allotments as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Occcupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto and in case any Person shall turn in, or keep any Sheep or Lambs in any such Allotment or Allotments, without raising and keeping up such Fences as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments to enter into such Allotment or Allotments, when, where, and so often as such Sheep or Lambs shall be so turned in or kepr, and from Time to Time to take, drive away, and impound the same.

4&0 GEORGII III. Cap. 107. 2151

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Leases,or other Agreements, L^afesand at rack or extended Rent, which are now subsisting, or respect all or any Part of the Messuages, Buildings, and Lands, within the Parish of voij on ma^. Wormegay aforesaid, either alone, or together with any other Lands, Tene- inoTenan:s a ments, or PItreditaments, in any adjoining Parish or Parities, shall cease, Satisfaction. determine, and be void immediately after the Execution of the said Award, the respective Tenants or LeSTees of the fame Premises, receiving from the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, such Sum of Money as the Paid General Commissioners shall ascertain as reasonable to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants, as an Equivalent for the fame; and if the Money, so to be ascertained as aforesaid, Shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means, as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and executing the said recited Act and this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Lease or Leases, Except

heretofore granted by the said ‘Thomas Berners Plejlow, of any Messuages, by

Lands, Tentments, or Hereditaments, in the said Parish of Wormegay, piciw, and any adjoining Parish or Parishes* Shall be made void by any Tiling which are not herein contained; but that from and immediately after letting out any to be void. Allotment or Allotments to the said ‘Thomas Berners Pleflow, for and in respect of any Right of Sheep* walk, Common, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, belonging to the said Thomas Berners Plejlow, and by him demised or leased to any Tenant or Tenants at Rack Rent, the said General Commissioners Shall, by Writing under their Hands, ascertain and determine the Pait or Parts of such Allotment or Allotments^ which such Tenant or Tenants Shall or may hold and enjoy, for the Residue of the Term or Terms of Years, created by any such Demile or Lease, and then unexpired, for and in lieu of any such Right of Sheep-walk, or Common, which shall be extinguished, and of any Lands or Tenements compnfed in any such Lease or Demifc, which shall be allotted to any other Person or Persons, than the said Thomas Berners Plejlow \ and the said General Commissioners shall also, by such Writing as aforesaid, ascertain and settle the Rent or Rents, Course of Tillage, and Conditions to be paid, uied and performed by such Tenant «>r Tenants for the Residue of such unexpired Term or Terms of Years.

XXVIII. And whereas the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Power of eo-Honor and Manor, or of some Manor or Manors adjoining to, or extending CopyhoJdf, into the Parish of Wormegay aforesaid, may be willing to manumize and with Consent enfranchise the McSTaages, Lands, or Tenements, held of the said Manors of Lords and respectively by Copy of Court Roll, and also to releale and extinguish Tenants, all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rems, Quit Rents, Customs and Services,

which are, or shall be due and payable to them respectively, out of, and for, or in respect of such ( opyhold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and all Rents and Reliefs which are or Shall be due and payable to them respectively,out of, and for or in respect of any Freehold Hereditaments, on receiving an adequate Satisfaction and Compensation for the fame; and the fc-

veral

2152 4-6' GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

veral Owners and Proprietors of such Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments may bedefirousof procuring such ManumissionandEnfranchisemenf, Release and Extinguishment; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Honor and Manor, or of any such other Manor or Manors respectively, and also wirh the Consent in Writing of the Freehold or Copyhold Tenants thereof respectively, or any of them, to assign, set out and allot unto such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively, such Part of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall, in the Judgment of the said General Commissioners, be a full Equivalent, Satisfaction, and Compensation ro them respectively, for all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents Quit Rents, Reliefs, Customs and Services, which are, or shall be due and payable to them relpecrivtly, out of, and for, and in respect of any such Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments which shall, by any such Conent in Writing as aforesaid, be agreed to be releafrd and extingu (bed i and that the Land so to be allotted as last aforesaid, shall be deducted our of the Allotment or Allotments, to which such Owner or Owners of such Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments respectively shall be entitled by virtue of this Act, and that all such Copyhold Hereditaments shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be held and enjoyed by the Person or Persons entitled thereto, freed and discharged o( and frum all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Customs and Services whatsoever, now due and payable as aforesaid, and shall pass by Deed or Will, and be descentfible as Freehold Estates of Inheritance; and every such Enfranchisement of Copyhold or customary Messuages, Lands and Tenements, and every such Release and Extinguifhmenc of any Rents or Reliefs issuing out of any such Freehold Lands and Hereditaments shall Lands to be be mentioned and described in the said Award: Provided always, That franch^fe Lands which shall be so assigned, set out, and allotted to the said Lord

inent to be or Cords, Lady or Ladies of the said Honor and Manor, or of any other limited to Manor or Manors as last aforesaid, shall (land limited and settled, and the fame Use* shall be veiled in, and be held and enjoyed by him, her, or them respectastheMa- lively, in such Manner, and to, for, and upon such Estates, Dies, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, as the fame Honor and Manor, or such other Manor or Manors respectively shall be held and enjoyed by him, her, or them respectively, at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments.

Allotment*

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands which shall be shall be of allotted by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons, for or in lieu or in nore^th®6" respect of any Buildings or Lands holden of any Manor or Manors, by LindsVor* Copy °* Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Leasehold Buildings or which they Lands, or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or other Right or are allotted. Interest appurtenant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenure, and under such customary Rents, Payments, Fines, and Services, as the Copyhold or Leasehold Buildings or Lands respectively, for or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made are nov/ held and that all and every Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold Lands shall be allotted as aforesaid, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted

2153

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

fritted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the respective Stewards of the said Manors as the said General Commissioners shall, by their said Award, order and direct); but, in case the Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold Lands shall be allotted, shall not have been admitted to the Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, or shall die without having been admitted to the Lands allotted in lieu or in respect of such Copy-hold Lands and Herdhaments, then the customary Fines and other Piy-mep.ts shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person entitled in such Lands so allotted as last aforesaid, and after every such first Admission, the Copyhold Premises so to be allotted as last aforesaid, shall, at all Times, be held under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments, as the Copyhold Buildings or Lands in respect whereof such Lands were allotted, are now held under and subject to; and the said General Commissioners shall, by their said Award, determine, describe, and abut the Buildings and Lands respectively, which a e to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold; and all other Buildings and Lands (except what shall be so ascertained by the said General Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) shall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold, subject nevertheless to such fiee Rents and Services as are now payable out of the Premises for or in lieu, or in respect whereof the lame shall or may be allotted.

XXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right cr Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, D bt, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands to be divided or allotted by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof; but that each and every Proprietor shall stand and be seised of the Lands to be allotted to him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, for such and the fame Effaces, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no o:her cs the Buildings and Lands whereof such Proprietor was seised or pofiVff.d at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which. Or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been passed.

XXXI. And be it further, enacted, That the Cost- and Expences of inclosing, ploughing, and sowing Whin and Furze Seeds on the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made, in Trust as aforesaid, and of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways in Wormegay aforesaid, and ro the Special Commissioners hereinafter appoinred, and all the Costs and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act* and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, and draining the Lands hereby directed to be djvided, allotted, and drained, and of preparing and ingrossing the said Award, and the Copies thereof, and of all the Charges and Expences of the said General Commissioners, their

[Lee. & Per.] 24. K AlTiitants

Will* and Settlements not to be affected.

Directions for defraying the Exomces of this Act.

How Expence# of Exchange*, ice. are to be paid.

Directrctts /or charging Copyhold Lands, with Expencei.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said General Commissioners in and about the Premises, (either before or after the Execution of the said Award,) and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said General Comm flioners, and all other Expences of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested in the Premises to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, (save and except the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Honor and Manor of fVcrmegay, and the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the said Parish of Wormegay for the Time being, for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them in Trust as aforesaid; and also save and except the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Wormegay for the Time being, for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as aforesaid; and also save and except the Special Commissioners hereinafter appointed for the Time being, for and in respect of the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as hereinafter mentioned j and also lave and except such Person or Persons whole real Property within the said Parish of Wormegay, or elsewhere, shall not, in the Judgment of the said General Commissioners, exceed the Yearly Value of Six Pounds at the Time of making the said Allotments, or whose personal Property shall not, in the Judgment of the said General Commissioners, then exceed the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds,) in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons, as the said General Commissioners shall by their said Award, or any Writing under their Hands, appoint} and if any Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to pay his or her Share or Proportion of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, to the Person or Persons authorized to receive the lame, at the Time and Place which shall be appointed by the said General Commissioners for the Payment thereof, then and in such Case the said General Commissioners shall caul'e the same to be raised, levied, and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XXXII. Provided always, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending any Exchange or Partition, or any Enfranchisement of Copy-hold Land, or any Release of Fines, Quit-rents, Heriots, and Services as hereinfore mentioned, or any Agreement relating thereto, which shall be made under or by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act, shall be borne and defiayed by the several Parties making or interestrd in any such Exchange, Partition, Enfranchisement or Release, or any Agreement: relating thereto, in such Manner, and in such Proportions as the said General Commissioners shall, by their said Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, order and direct.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall be necessary to charge any Lands or Tenements, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, and which shall be, or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Costs, Charges, and

Expences

+6* GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

Expences of obtaining and patting this Act, and executing the said recited Act, and this Act, then, and in such Case, such Copyhold Premises shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend stich Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, according to the Custom of the Manor or Manors whereof the same shall be holden, by way of Mortgage, for securing such Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the fame, instead of being mortgaged and surrendered to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for a Term of Years, as mentioned in the said recited Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Riuht, Title, or Interest of any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in, or, to any Tithes, arising, or renewing out of, or payable in respect of any Lands hereby directed to be divided tnd allotted j but that such Tithes shall be payable and paid, at all Times hereafter, in the same Manner as they would have been, in case this Act had not been pa fled.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That once at least in every Year, during the Execution of this Act, {such Year to be computed from the Day of the paiTing thereof,) the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Monies by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of the fai l recited Act, and this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfoik% to be by him, or them, examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be, by such Justice or Justices stated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said General Commilfi rners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties c >n-cerned. or valid in Law, unless the lame shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XXXVI. Provided always, That the Lid Proprietors, their Attornies, and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they, or any of them, shall attend the said General Commissioners at any of their Meetings, to be held in purl'uance of the said recited Acr, or of this Act.

XXXVII. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Money in Discharge of the Fees, or other Expences of obtaining this Act, or of executing the said recited Act, and this Acr, the Money so advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said General Commissioners, together wich lawful Interest for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required by such Agents, Workmen, and Labourers as they shall think fit to employ, to make and erect all such Warer-courses, Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Cuts, Engines, Bridges, Tunnels, Culverts, Inlets, Outlets, Weirs, Fences, and other Works, in, through, over, and upon the Lands hereby directed to

be

215s

Rights to Tithes not to be prejudiced.

Commission-

«»>.r

counts beford One Justice, onie in every Year.

Proprietors

‘V- ">

Money advanced to be repaid with interest.

Clause for Drainage, *c.

2I5&

No Lands to he drained by Polver Drain, ex. ccjat such as

drained by.

appointed.

Appointment ot Dep.ny $ C m-

Gor.milTion.

ao Oatn or AiiTrmation.

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

l e divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient for effectually draining such Parts of the fame Lands as shall, in their Opinion, require to be drained, and to purchase any Mill or Mills, or other Works, for thac Purpose, and to erect such Buildings for the Habitation of the Person or Persons who shall have the Care or Superintendance of the said Mills or Works of Drainage, or any of them, or for depoftting Stores or Materials necessary for making or maintaining such Mills or Works as the said General Commissioners shall think proper; and that the said General Commissioners shall set out and allot unro the Special Commissioners hereafter appointed, the Water-courses, Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Cuts, Engines, Bridges, Tunnels, Culverts, Inlets, Outlets, Weirs, Fences and other Works, Houses, and Buildings, so to be made and erected, or purchased by them; and such Parc of die Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act as they shall think proper for maintaining-or preserving the lame.

XXXIX. Provided always*, That nothing in the Act contained shall authorize the Drainage of any Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted through, or by Means of a certain Drain, called Polver Drain, in Wormegay. aforesaid (save and except such Lands as have been, and are now drained through, or by Means of the fame Drain); or the making any new Drain, Cur, or other Work for the Purpose of conveying Water into, or in the Direction of Polver Drain aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Honor and Manor of Wor me gay lor the Time being, and each and every Owner or Proprietor of Thirty Acres' of Land to be drained by Virtue of this Act, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be and are hereby appointed Special Commissioners for the Purpose of draining the L.nds to be drained by virtue of this Act, and for the ieve-ral other Purposes hereinafter mentioned.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for each and every such Special Commissioner, by Writing under his or her Hand, from Time to Time, and for such Time as he or she shall think fir, to nominate and appoint an Agent, or Deputy, to act as a Commissioner, in his or her Stead; and every such Agent or Deputy shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by whom he shall be fj nominated and appointed, act as p Special Commissioner, a d (ha 1 have the like Power and Authority as the Person by whom such Agent or Deputy shall be appointed was invested with j but no such Agent or Deputy shall be capable of acting as Agent or Deputy for any more than one Special Commissioner at any one Time.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capableofacting as a Special Commissioner (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter mentioned to any other Special Commissioner,) until he or she shall have taken the Oath, or, being of the People called Quakers, made the Affirmation hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

of J A.B. do swear (cr, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly " affirm) that I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice,

" truly

Oaib.

2'57

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

" truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Know-<c ledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities " in the Execution whereof I shall at any Time act as a Special Commissioner appointed in and by an Act made in the 46th Year of the " Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, knitted, An Act c< for inclosing and draining Lands within the Honor, Manor, and " Parish of Wormegay% in the County of Norfolk.

'So help me GOD.5*

Which Oath, or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for any one of the said Special Commissioners to administer to any other such Special Corn-mi ffioner.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in.case any Person shall act as a Personsaa. Special Commissioner before he or she shall have taken the said Oath, or ?ng not be". made the said Affirmation, or if any Person not being duly qualified shall act, or shall appoint an Agent or Deputy who shall act as such Agent or Deputy in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Coils of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westtninster, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he or ftie has taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, and is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, without any other Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor or Plaintiff, than that such Person has acted as a Special Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or has appointed an Agent or Deputy who has acted in the Execution of this Act, One Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor or Plaintiff, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners First Meet-shall, and they are hereby required to hold their First Meeting for carrying commis this Act into execution at some Place situate in the said Parish of JVorme- fioner°.mm gay, or within the Distance of Eight Miles from the same Parish, on the First: Monday in the Month next after the Execution of the said Award, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon; and the said Special Commffioners shall meet on the First Monday in the Month Annual of May in every Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Meeting. Forenoon, at some Place situate within the said Parish of tVormegay, or within the Distance of Eight Miles from the same Parish, which last-mentioned Meeting shall be called the General Annual Meeting of the said Special Commissioners; and the said Special Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting, to be held by them by virtue of this Act, shall and may from Time to Time adjourn to such convenient Place in the said Parish of Wormegay, or within the Distance of Eight Miles from the same Parish, as they the said Special Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting shall appoint; and if three of the said Special Commissioners shall not appear at any such Meeting, or if they shall refule or neglect to adjourn, or if any Two of the said Special Commissioners shall deem a Meeting of the said Special Commissioners to be necessary or proper, before the Time appointed for the

[Lor. id Per.'] 24 L then

2158 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

then next General Annual Meeting, or Meeting by Adjournment of such Commissioners, then, and in every such Case, the Clerk to the said Special Commissioners, or any Two of the said Special Commissioners, shall and may call a Meeting, to be holden at l’ome Place in the Parish of Wormegay aforesaid, or within the Distance of Eight Miles from the same Parish, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands affixed on the Door of the said Church, and ptiblished in the said Newspapers, or some or one of them. Eight Days at least previous to the Time appointed for such Meeting 3 and no Act of the said Special Commissioners shall be valid, unless done at some Public Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, slave as in this Act is particularly mentioned;) and that all Powers and Authorities granted to or vested in the said Special Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting (in case three Special Commissioners shall be then present); and the said Special Commissioners shall, at all their said Meetings, be allowed Ten Shillings each per Day out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and no more, towards their Expences, so that such Allowance do not in the whole exceed the Sum of Three Pounds per Day at any such Meeting.

Books to lie

XLV. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be kept. made in a Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpose, of all the

Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the said Special Commissioners, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Special Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings, and the same shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Special Commissioners j and all such Entries, being so figued, shall be admitted and allowed as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cales, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

Actions to be

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners *" llJe Name shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no Ac-9 1 e er tion brought or commenced by or against the said Special Comnmfiioners, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Special Commissioners, but the Clerk for the Time being of the said Special Commissioners shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Special Commissioners and ihrir Clerk for the Time being, in which Cafe any One of the said Special Commissioners shall or may be made Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Calc may be.

Clerk to be

XLVII. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Special Commissioner, paid his Ex- jn whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or pences. defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Coffs and Charges, as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. \o-j.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners shall and may, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, appoint a Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act as the said Special Commissioners shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove them, or any of them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and shall and may, by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers respectively, and to all other Persons to be employed by them, the said Special Commissioners, in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, as they the said Special Commissioners shall think proper, and all such Officers and Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Special Commissioners shall direct, deliver to such Special Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Matters and Things intrusted to them, or committed to their Charge, by virtue of this A.ct, and also of all Monies, which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons, respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Special Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint, and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath verify their said Accounts, (which Oath any One of the said Special Commissioners is hereby empowered ro administer); and if any such Officer or Person so to be appointed as aforesaid shall not make and render such Account, or shall reful'e to verify the fame upon Oath, or shall reful'e to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame j or shall not deliver up to the said Special Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty Days after he shall be thereunto required by such Special Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act; or shall refus'e or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Special Commissioners, or as they shall appoint, then, and in any such Case, such bpecial Commissioners may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered ro bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against any Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Special Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall reside, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being found, to hear and determine the Matttr in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession oi the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) ic shall appear co such Justice that any Money collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the

Hands

2*59

For appointing Officer*.

2l6o

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

Hands of such Officer or Person, such Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale j or if it shall appear to such Justice, upon the Confection of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) that any such Officer or Person (frail not have made and rendered any such Account, or shall have refused to verify the fame upon Oath, or (frail refofe to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame j or shall not have delivered to the said Special Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall have appointed, within Twenty Days after lie shall have been thereunto required by such Special Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then, and in any such Case, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Norfolk, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have rendered a true and perfect Account, and made Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Special Commissioners, and shall have paid such Compofuion, in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Compofuion the said Special Commissioners are hereby empowered to make,) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Special Commissioners.

Works of

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners Drainage to frail be, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, by wpai/.l,n *'1C^ Agents or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, to support, maintain, repair, and improve all such Water Courses, Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Cuts, Engines, Bridges, Tunnels, Culverts, Inlets, Outlets, Weirs, Fences, and other Works, to be made or erected by the said General Commissioners, in, through, over, or upon the Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining the fame, and from Time to Time to renew such of them as shall fall into Decay, and become incapable of being repaired j and also to make and erect all such Water Courses, Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Cuts, Engines, Bridges, Tunnels, Culverts, Inlets, Outlets, Weirs, Fences, and other Works, as shall appear to the said Special Commissioners to be necessary for effectually draining the said Lands, all which Watercourses,

' Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Cuts, Engines, Bridges, Tunnels, Culverts, Inlets, Outlets, Weirs, Fences, and other Works, to be made or erected by the said General Commissioners, or by the said Special Commissioners, and the Right and Property to and in the fame, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and also the Land to be set out and allotted by the said General Commissioners to the said Special Commissioners for maintaining, repairing, and prel'erving the fame, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Special Commissioners for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to insure from Fire, all and every such Mills, Engines, Houses and Buildings, as shall, at any Time or Times, be erected by-virtue of this Act.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said special Commissioners, shall and may, at any of their Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of: his Act, assess, rate, tax and charge, all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, with such equal and proportionable Rates and Assessments upon their respective Parts and Shares thereof, as they, the said Special Commissioners shall judge ne-celfary for making, maintaining, repairing and supporting the several Works, for the Drainage of the said Lands, or any Part thereof, and for making any necessary Alterations or Enlargements therein or thereto, as Occasion shall require; all which said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments shall be collected by, and paid to such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, at such Time as they, the said Special Commissioners, shall appoint; and shall be applied by them in Discharge of all such Expences, as they shall incur in the Execution of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers of the Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall pay, and are hereby authorised and required to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Moneyas shall be assessed on the Lands in their respective Occupations, by the said Special Commissioners, to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, appointed by the said Special Commissioners for the Purpose of receiving the fame; and every such Tenant or Occupier, having paid any such Sum or Sums of Money, is hereby authorised and empowered to deduce the fame out of the Rent, to become due and payable by him, for the Lands in his or her Occupation; and, on producing to his or her Landlord or Landlady, a Voucher or Receipt for such Money, shall be discharged therefrom, as fully as if the fame had been paid to his or her Landlord Or Landlady.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Tenant, or Occupier of any Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act shall make Default in Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them, for or in respect of such Lands, or any Part thereof, and shall continue such Default for the Space of Ten Days next after the Time appointed by the said Special Commissioners for such Payment, and after Demand of such Rates and Assessments made by the Collector or other Person authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Writing left at the usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Tenant, or Occupier, who is, are, or ought to pay the fame; or if such Owner, or Tenant, or Occupier shall not dwell in the said Parish of Wormegay, or within Two Miles of the fame, then after Demand made by the Collector, or other Person authorized to collect such Rates and Afieffhnems, by Notice in Writing affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises chargeable with such Rates and Assessments, it shall be lawful for such Collector or other Person authorized as aforesaid, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept, under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Special Commissioners, (which Warrant or Precept such Two or more Special Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to issue, as there shall be Occasion, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act,) to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands lo to be rated and assessed as aforesaid, and into and upon all or any Messuages or other Buildings thereupon standing, and there, or in any Part of the Lands, Messuages, or other Buildings upon which

[Lee. & Per.] 24 M such

a 161

To raise Money for main* taining Works.

Tenants to pay Taxes.

For Recovery of Taxes.

2l62

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

such Entry shall be made, to distrain all or any such Goods, Chattels^ or Cattle, as shall be there found; and it shall be lawful for such Collector or other Person authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, on any Part of the Messuages, Buildings, or Lands whereon the same shall be found, or otherwise to take, lead, drive, or carry away and keep the fame for Five Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress at the Messuages or other Buildings, or on some conspicuous Part of the Lands upon which such Distress shall be taken, or otherwise at the usual Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained shall not pay the Money l'o a defied, rated, and distrained for as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Warrant, and Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained according to the Laws now in force for Non-payment of Rent, within the said Five Days* then the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained shall be appraised by Two indifferent Peri'ons, to be sworn by the Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made, (who is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose,) to appraise the fame according to the belt of their Judgment; and after such Appraisement as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle shall be sold by the said Collector or other Person as aforesaid, for Payment of the Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress; and the Overplusarifing from such Sale (if any), after Payment of the said Money, shall be returned on Demand co the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle.

Lands ante-

LIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That in case any of the said named tore- Lands to be drained as aforesaid shall at any Time hereafter be untenanted main a Secu- or unoccupied, lo that no sufficient Distress can be made for levying the Rates°rt C Rates and Assessments, then the Lands chargeable therewith shall remain a Security for Payment of such Rates and Assessments; and all Goods, Chattels, and Cattle which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Charges incident to such Distress and Sale shall be fully paid and Satisfied,

Punishment LlV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and fordestroying maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Works. Mill* Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Dike, Sluice, or Tunnel which is or arc already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court, before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cales of Petit Larceny.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously flop, dam up, or damage any Watercourse, Drain, Dam, Bridge* i)ike, Sluice, Tunnel, or other Work or Works which any Person, authorized by the said Special Commissioners, shall be employed in making, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person, so offend* ing and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of One credible Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, by Warrant under the Hjand and Seal of such Justice; and such Money, when levied, shall be paid to any One or more of the said Special Commissioners, or their Clerk, and and shall be applied towards the Discharge of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act; and for want of fuflkienc Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall by the said Justice be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Norfolk for aijy Tirne not exceeding Twelve Calen* dar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justice.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of the Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, to which any Dike, Ditch, or Drain shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Dike, Ditch, or Drain, or to make the fame of a sufficient Depth «nd Width, after Ten Days’Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpose, by ihe Collector or other Officer to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act (such Collector or other Officer having an Order in Writing for that Purpose, under the Hands of Two or more of the said Special Commissioners), every such Owner or Occupier shall, for every such Neglect or Kefuftd, forfeit and pay the Sum of Four Shillings for every Rod of the Dike, Ditch, or Drain so neglected to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, or widened; 'and it shall be lawful for such Collector or other Officer to cause any such Dike, Ditch, and Drain, at the Charges and Expences of such Owner or Occupier, to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened in a sufficient Manner; and where a Way shall have been made over any Dike, Ditch, or Drain, without a sufficient Tunnel, to cause such Way to be taken up, and such Dike, Ditch, or Drain to be made of a proper Width and Depth; and by Warrant or Precept, under the Hands of Two or more of the said Special Commissioners, to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences, upon such Owner or Occupier, by Distress and Sale of his or her Goods and Chattels, and such Penalties shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Tree or Trees shall at any Time hereafter be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick erected or built (except by Order or Permission of the said Special Commissioners.) on any Place within the Distance of Two hundred Yards from any Mill or Engine to be made, erected, or employed as aforesaid; and if any Tree or Trees shall be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick shall be erected or built within the Distance aforesaid of any such Mill or Engine, and il

the

2163

Person* damaging Works to forfeit a Sum not exceeding 50I.

Penalty on neglect ta cleanse Ditches.

No Trees to be planted, or Buildings erc&ed, within 200 Yards of any Engines to be cretted, except by Order of the

CommifliOR*

216+

Herbage of Droves &c. to be let an. finally.

Appeal to the ieifions.

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 107.

the Owner of any such Tree or Trees, Building, Stack, or Rick shall neglect to take down and remove such Tree or Trees, Building, Stack, or Rick for Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing given to him or her, or left at his or her lad or usual Place of Abode by the said Special Commissioners for that Purpose, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Special Commissioners to cause every such Tree to be taken down and carried away; and every such Building, Stack, or Rick to be pulled down and removed, and the Costs and Expences thereby incurred shall be reimbursed to the said Special Commissioners by the Person who shall have committed the Offence, and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of his or her Goods, Chattels, and Stock, wherever the same shall be found, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three of the said Special Commissioners.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Grass and Herbage growing, arising, and renewing upon such Parts of the said Lands as shall be vested in the said Special Commissioners shall be let by the said Special Commissioners, at their General Annual Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, for the bell Rtnt or Rents that can or may be obtained (or the fame; and such Rents shall be applied by the said Special Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, (other than and except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things which are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, sett’ed, tried ordeterminedby the Verdictof aJury,or where by any of the Provisions or Clauses of the said recited Act or this Act, the Determinations, Orders, Acts, or Proceedings of the said General Commissioners are declared or directed to be final and conclusive,) then and in every such Case, he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the said County of Norfolk, within four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said General Commissioners, or any two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act of the said General Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Special Commissioners, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Special Commissioners, ten Days* Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises,) at their laid General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Colls and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order, or Warrant, to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned; but in case any such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without sufficient Foundation, then the said Justices

«j.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 107. 2165

tices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant, or Appellants, as to ihe laid Justices, in their Discretion, shall lecm reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Recovery of Act imposed and incurred, (for the Recovery and Application whereof, ^stref^and no particular Method is herein-before prescribed,) shall be levied and re- sa|c. covered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant,) upon the Conviction of the Party or Parties, on his, her, or their Confession, or upon the Evidence of One credible Witness, upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to zdminister,) and the Overplus, (if any,) after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer, or Clerk of the said Special Commissioners, and shall be applied to such of the Purposes of this Act, as the said Special Commissioners shall think fit; but never-theless, it shall be lawful for the said Special Commissioners, at any of their Meetings, to pay, or cause to be paid, such Part of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informers , and, in case a sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be com- offenders to mitted to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, for the said becommit-County of Norfolk, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXl. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence, or Offences, committed against this Act, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, of to the Effect following j (that is to say)

of JgE it remembered, That on this Day of

*c in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before of Elis Majesty's Justices

C£ of the Peace for the [or County, as the Case

" may be,] of having [as the Offence shall be,] contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George

" the Third, intituled, An Act for Inclosing and Draining Lands, with-

" in the Honor, Manor, and Parish of Wormegay, in the County of

" Norfolkand I [or we] the said do adjudge him

" [her or them>] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

" Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals,]

<c the Day and Year aforesaid."

1 Proceeding*

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Determination, Judg- quashed for ment, Conviction, Warrant or other Proceeding to be had, touching the want of Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order,

{Lee. & Per.] *4 N Rate, byCtuiorari.

2i66

Distress not unlawful so want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 107.

Rate, or Assessments to be made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, by virtue, or in Execution of this Act, shall be quashed, or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed, or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's C >urts of Record at Westminster, any Law, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXIIT. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Tax, Rate or Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, o.; account of any Defector Want of Form in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Distress or other Proceedings /elating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a T respafler or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; buc the Party or Parties so aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done by virtue, or in pursuance of this Act, until after Thirty Days Noticp thereof, in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties aggrieved, shall have been given to the Party or P rties complained of, or left at his, her, or their last or ufu -.1 Place or Places of Abode, thereby fetcing forth the Cause of such Action or Suit, nor after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender tlierpof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six,‘Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every Action commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be brought and laid in the said Councy of Norjolk, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in eve y such Action or Suit, shall and may plead at his, her, or their Flection specially, or the General Issue, ^nd if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and giv# this Acr, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of under the Authority of this Act; and if, upon the Trial of such Action, or Suit, it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall, be brought before the Expiration of thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid," then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, or Avowant, or Avowants; and in all Cales where, a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants, or Avowant or Avowants, in any such Action or Suit, cS^ the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff, or Plaintiffs, then and-fteveryTuch Cafe the Defendant, or Defendants, and Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy

for

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

for recovering the same as any Defendant or Avowant hath for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to certain Lands belonging to George Hogg, F.squire, and others, called Wormegay Priory, firuare on the North Side of Polver Drain; nor to Seven Acres of other Land belonging to the said George Hogg, situate on the South Side of the said Polver Drain, in the Parish of Lottenhill; all which laid Lands are bounded on the North by the River Nar, on the South, partly by the Long Golt, and partly by other Lands in the said Parish of Pottenhill, on the East by Wormegay Little River, and on the West by the Turnpike Road, leading from Lynn to London; nor to subject the said George Hogg, or any other Person or Persons as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Lands rel'pec-tively to any Expence incurred, or to be incurred, in obtaining, passing, and executing this Act.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to invalidate, lefien, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities veiled in any Person or Persons whomsoever by virtue of any Commission of Sewers for the County of Norfolk, but the same shall be and continue as full and effectual to all Intents and Puprofes, as if this Act had not been made.

LXVII. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made, by virtue, or in pursuance of the said recited Act, or this Act, for and in respect of such Rights or Interests, as are hereby meant or intended to be barred, destroye and extinguished j and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them,) all such Right, Estate, Title, and Interest, as they, every, or any of them, could, or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and drained, in case this Act had not been passed.

[Public Act.]

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty; and that a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others, in like Manner as if this Act had been declared to be a

2167

The Act not

Lands cahed

Wormegay

Priory.

Saving the Rights of Sewers.

General

Saving.

[Public Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

OTVk

mn\ i

i a h - ’\t "

<*" :.it

'i -

it ut-1\

v afuttl I#,. Ut1*

b r 11.

it! '.1

.. Jf. ltil.ili.-OJ' lits I t1

> ytyo.Vr t oj u'l ^f!«

' ' 1I...S

- :«h

liii-x b-!'nr- ,

Jt -5

.. u... umfflj

*'< ' " (' r'so<M.»ywll

- i ,0'

1J "-3! I t:

i LvUl*;

- ’ n':

-> i\ oiUlvSl-

,«!! i.\ ion lit ~.-'W n btfl sittAfi* jvVtnViW. w

! - u! . I jf. ' 1.'

«ofy

ANNO QJJADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 108.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Newby in the County of Weslmofland.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor or ToWnship of Newbyt in the Parish of Morlahd, in the County of Westmorland, le-veral Open Commons and Waste Grounds, containing by Ef* timation One thousand Acres, or thereabouts; and also Two Common Stinted Pastures, called Newby High Pasture and Newby Low Pasture, containing together by Estimation T hree hundred Acres, be the fame more or less: And whereas the Right Honourable William Viscount Lowther is Lord of the Manor and Owner of the Soil of the said Open Commons and Waste Grounds, and of the said Common Stinted Pastures, and of the Coal Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coal, and other Mines and Minerals therein: And whereas the Right Woifhipful the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Mary Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland^ are Patrons of the Vicarage, Parish, and Parish Church of Morland aforesaid, of which the said Manor or Township of Nezuly is Parcel, and as fin h entitled to all the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and all ether Great Tythes arising, renewing, and growing due within the said Manor or Lordship; And the Reverend John Jackson is the present Vicar and Incumbent thereof, and entitled to the Glebe Lands, and all Small Tythes, Modules, and Ecclesiastical Dues whatsoever, arising and growing due within the f.iid Manor or Township of Newby; and the said William Viscount Lowiber is, by virtue of aLeafe or Demise from the said Dean and Chapter, entitled to all the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hav, and all other Great Tythes arising, renewing, and growing due within the said Manor or Lordship, for tte [Lee. & Per.) 24 0 Remainder

2170

46° GEORGtl III. Cap. tot.

Remainder of a Term of Twenty-one Years yet to come and unexpired: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An /1ft for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the federal.Pacts ^Jnally required on the pojjbng of such Acts: And whereas it wouid\e of great Advantage to thefcveraj Owners and Proprietors of anyl per fens'interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds* and thtf laid Common Stinted Pastures, if the fame were divided and iriclosed, and speeific'Parts thereof allotted unto and amongst the several Perfor. interested therein, according to their respective Rights, Shares* and Lterefts-t'May it theicfore^please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and wuh the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-Appointment. thority of the fame,. That Robert Lumb of Lowther, in- the County of sioners'"1* Westmorland, and John Todd cf Kendal in the said County of West* mcrland, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be nominated in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for fceting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Comrnois, Moors,- and Waste Grounds, and also the said Comm' n Stinted Pastures, and for carrying this Act into Execution subject to :he Rules, Orders, and Directions in the above mentioned Act, and hereinafter mentioned,

Appoinment

II. And be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commis-rciffjonm°m* h°nerS appointed by this Act, or who shall be nominated in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby in them respectively vested, die, or r« fuse to act, or without fame reasonable Caule neglect to attend a Meeting for putting this Act into Execution, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after he shall have received Notice from any Person interested in the said Inclosure of the passing this Act, or requiring him to attend as a Commissioner, a new Commissioner shall be nominated in Manner following; that is to say, if the said Robert Lumb shall die, or refuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said William Viscount Lowther, his Heirs or Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint one other Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the Room of the said Robert Lumb, and fofrom Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said William Viscount Lowther, his Heirs or Assigns as aforesaid, shall die, refuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case the said John Todd shall die or refuse to act, or neglect to attend as afuiesaid, it shall ’and may be lawful for the Majority in Value (to be ascertained by the Rate for the Relief of the Poor) of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds directed by this Act ro be divided and inclosed, or their Agents, to be appointed by Writing under their respective Hands for such Pur pole, or their known Agents or Attornies (except the said William Viscount Lowther') who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose in the Parift) Church of Morland aforesaid, in pursuance of a Notice to be given in the Lid Church, or by Writing to be affixed upon the most publick outer Door of the said Church, and alf > in some Newspaper usually published, or circulated in the said County of West* morland, at kali; Twenty-one Days before luclj Meeting* by Writing under

46° GEORGII Iff. Cdp. joS. Xfji

bnder their Hands, to appoint one CKher Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the Room of hims the said John Todd, and so from Time to Time as often as any CommiTlloner to be appointed by the said Proprietors as aforesaid, shall die, refuse to ?.d, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in. c.ife the lhid WiUxam Vifccilnt Lcwther, his Heits or Assigns, or the said IVctpiJerors or either of them reflectively, shall make Detaulc in ^ppoimitig aay new Cornmifiien'eri hydiretteh’ cry be appointed by him and them as aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months after the Death of any Commissioner, or his Refusal to act, or Neglect of Attendance, shall be known,':tlfttn the forviving Commissioner fnali and he is hereby required from Tone cod9ifflfe: by Wihfetg under his Hand, within OhcXTalendar Month nckt afttrHhe Expiration of the said Tw6 Calendar MbntfYs allowed to the respective Parties and Persons for'naming such new Chmmimoher by |iini or respc;ctively --as.ai(?resaid, to appoint Gne other Cotnmif* iioner, not rnteipfted in the said Incfo fori*, in thg-Room of evety ftrchGorrt-mitTibiytr .£> *!)fjggp ffifunng to act, or neglecting ro attend as aforesaid; and £Ver^ Commissioner. fb to bp appointed, shall have, the like Power and Authority as, thp (Jopimissioner in-whose Place he Dial 1 be appointed, wai veflpd with by virtue, of,tjiis Act.

IK.* And be it further enabled, That the said Commissioners and Um- Allowance to pire fl,all he each refjiectively paid the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings ^i°',imil<*uri'‘ iind Sixpence and no more, for-all their Trouble and the Expences which they shall incur on each and-every Day chat they shall reflectively be emj-ployed in travelling to, feturning from, and attending on the Executing cf this Act*, and also the further Surti of One Potfhd Eleven Shillings and Sixpence unto each and every Commissioner, for his Trouble and Expence on each and every Day that he fnali attend, or be engaged or employed for the Purpose of enquiring into, examining Witnessls, settling and determining any objected or dilpntecl Claims, or any other Disputes or Differences which shall or mayanfeor happen touching or concerning the said Division or Inclosure, and hereby referred to the said Commissioners, the said Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence to be paid by the Person or Persons against whom the Award of the said Commissioners shall be made, in case of a Reference to them as herein-before exprffed

Provided always, that the said Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, their Agents and Attornies, shall pay their own owITex- Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners Peuces* in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said For appoint-Commissioners shall at any Time or Times disagree in Opinion upon any U,n‘ Matter concerning which it shall be necessary for them to judge and determine in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, then and as often as it shall id happen the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are htreby authorized and required to refer such Difference to the Judgement and Determination of an Umpire, to be chofrn by the said Commissioners *, and in case the said Commissioners shall for the Space of Fourteen Days after iuoh Difference shall arise, neglect to appoint an Umpire as aforesaid, or if such Umpire shall d;e, or being appointed Ihaflrefufe to act, or become incapable of acting, then and in every such Case an Umpire shall be nominated ard appointed by the major Part in Value of the said Proprietors of Lands, after the like Notice, and in such Manner as is t herein-

2172 4&9 GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

herein-before directed concerning the Nomination and Appointment of ft Commissioner in the Room or Stead of any Commissioner dying, or refilling or neglecting to act, or becoming incapablcof acting, and so lodes quolies in case any Umpire as Jail mentioned shall die* or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting; and the Judgement and Determination of such Umpire, so to bechofcn or nominated and appointed, shall be conclusive between the said Commissioners, who shall in every such Case act conformably thereto.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Umpire in the Execution of the Powers given by this or the said recited Act, until he shall have taken and fubfuibed the Oath following j (that is to say),

I DO swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire, 4 by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act] according to Equity and good Confidence, and without Favour or Aflfec* 1 tion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsover.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or either of them, to administer; and the said Oath so taken and subscribed by such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled wiih the Award of the said Comm fliontrs, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence,

CommUT.on-

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Comer* to appoint missioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as Surveyor to them shall seem meet, to appoint such and so many Pei fens as they shall think proper or necessary, to be Surveyors or Affill-nts to such Surveyors for the Purpcles of the said intended Division and inclosure, onto survey and admeasure the same themselves, and from Time to Time to displace and remove any such Person or Persons so to be appointed, and to appoint any other Person or Persons in the Room, Place, and Stead of any such Surveyor or Surveyors, AITistant or Assistants, so to be displaced and removed, and to make such Surveyor or Surveyors, Affillanc or Assistants, such Recorr.pence for their respective Labour, Skill, and incidental Expences, as to the said Commissioners shall appear jult and reasonable.

Vct cctol'e

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and hrftMeeting, they are hereby required to cause publick Notice to be given in some Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Wesir, for land, and also in the said Parish Church of Morland, or by affixing a Notice in Writing upon the principal outer Door of the said Church of Morland, upon some Sunday during or immediately before or after Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their first Attendance, or beginning to put this Act into Execution, and also of all such other Times and Places as they shall appoint for the Purpose of receiving, adjusting, and settling the Claims, Rights, Shaics, and Prcjordons of any Person or Persons interested in the said Commons, Moots, and Wjfte Grounds, and also in the said

Commons,

tlupire to take au Oath.

Oath.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 108. >173

Common Stinted Paftufes, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed* or for any other Purpose whatsoever, which shall or may require the Attendance of any Person or Persons interfiled in the said Division and Inclosure, so as that the Place of every such Attendance or Meeting be within Five Miles of Newby aforesaid, and that Fourteen Days previous Notice be given thereof (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted.)

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other No- other Notice

tiecs of Meetings of the said Commissioners, requisite or neccfiVv to be e

given, and not herein otherwise directed, shall be so given by them in fume Newspaper usually published or circulated in the said County of West-norland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which shall have been made upon any of the Commons and Waite Land?, or the Laid within Tv»cn-

Common Stinted Failures, intended by this Act to be divided and inclosed,

within the Space of Twenty Years next before the passing of this Act, common.

without any legal Grant or Authority for that Purpose, shall be deemed

Part of the Commons and Waile Lands to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and the same shall be divided and inclosed accordingly

Provided nevertheless, that all and every such Encroachments shall be allotted to the Person or IVrfons who shall, at the Time of making the Allotments be in the Puffirflion of such Encroachment?, or in the Re-ctipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, as the Whole or Part of the Share or Portion of the Commons or Waile Lands to which such Person or Persons will be entitled unto by virtue of this Act, without considering the Value of any Eiedlion thereon or Improvement made thereto.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall Commifln*. ariie between any of the Parties i.uereiled or claiming to be interested In Dtfput«'1C the said Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made, touching or concerning the Right of the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waile Grounds, and also of the said Common Stinted Failures, or any Fart or

Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Ir-tcrefts therein, which they or any of them shall or may have or claim ro have in cr to such Commons, Moers, and Waste Grounds or Common Stinted Paiiures, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relaring to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, a d determine the fame; provided that no Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall exclude any Person from dying and ascertaining his Right at Law or in Equity, in respect of the Title to any of the Shares or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, and Waile Grounds, orefthe laid Common Stinted Pallurcs, intended to be divided by virtue of this Acr, so that no such Trial or any Judgement thereupon shall suspend or impede the Execution of this Act, and provided that nothing herein contained shall authorise the said Commissioners or Umpire to derermioe the Title to any Messuages. Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissior*ers Commnr.on-ftnll, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob- ^r*«Joaward jedliun or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, ° lec C.iU'c to award any Coils, it shall be lawful fur the said Comrr,»ffioners,

\_Lcc. Ss" Per.J 2&.P and

2174 GEORGII III. Cap. ioS.

and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that: Purpose, to settle, aflels, and award such Cc-fts and Charges as they shall think re sonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whefe Favour any DeitTmination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whole Claim or Claims Objection or Ooje&ions shall be thereby dilallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Coils and Charges, (halt neglect or reluie to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case if shall be lawful lor the said Commissioners, and they are herthy authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hjnds and Seals directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Colls and Charges to be levied by D streis and Sde of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refafing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducing the Cofis and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Parties may try their Right by an

If a*y of the Paitie* die,

Pr<ce. tin,gs

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Divifn n and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Ump re, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or the said Common Stinted Failures, or of any Rights of Common, or ether Rights or Irsterefls in, over, or upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or upon the said Common S inted P..slur--s hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons lo chfljtis&ed, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter io determined by the said Commissioners, at the next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Westniorlandi and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Comnrffioners or Umpire, shall cause an Action to be brought up n a feigned I Hue, against the Person or Persons in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, arid he, (lie, or they i» and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Ilfues, whereby such Cairn or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (Inch I Hue or Ilfues to be settled t>y the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions, shall be binding upon all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoever, uniels the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set a fide such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also upon sufficient Cause shewn to put off the Trial of such Issue as is usual in other Cales *, and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to act in conformity thereto: Provided always, that if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending

the

2I7J

46°; GEORGII III.- Cap. 108.

the Time, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but Hull be proceeded in is if Itjch Event had' i.oc happened.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if shall he lawful for any of the Power rofel Persons entitled to Riohr of Comtr.cn rp< n the said Commons, Moors,

and Wflfte Grounds hereby directed ;o be divided, allotted, and indofed, latVf.orn1*8" to sell and dispose of his, her, or their Right, Share, or Interest in such ° rnJper* Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, iepaiate and apart from the l)'

Property to which such Right or In ere ft is appurtenant; and that the said Commissioners shall and may award the Allotments ro be m de in li-u of the Right of Common so loid and disposed of, to the Purcfal r r Purchasers thereof respectively, having received a R quell in VVfi ing f, in tlo, signed by the Owners or Proprietors of such Rights of Common, in the Pretence of one or more credible Wirhefs or Whnesses; an.' ,nat y such Purchaser shall hold and enjoy the fame unto him, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and AIIott^h they are hereby authorized and envj overc-d in the fjrft Place to assign, f t w.t-rin'lk our, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the Township place., efra-or Manor of Newby aforesaid, for the Time being, such Parc or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and Common Stinted Failures so s\' X 31l<f to be divided by them as aforesaid, a> they shall think fit and necessary, j"rS; e to be used as and for public watering Places for Cattle, and for getting ^arnei* Sand, and also for getting Gravel for making and repairing of the Roads to be made over the said Common and Waste Grounds, and the said Common Stinted Failures, and also to be used as and for a Common Stone Quarry or Stone Quanta; and the said Allotments when set our, shall for ever thereafter be tiled by the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township for the Time being, and by the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages. Lands, and Tenements within the Manor of Newby aforesaid; and the Proprietors of the said Commons and Waste Grou. ds, and Common Stinted Pastures, shall have free Liberty of getting Stone therein for their ownUfe and Benefir, but not to sell and dispose thereof; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners ro set out Roads to and from the said Stone Quarries for publick Use and Ben: fit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Allotments frail be Abetment to so made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby chafer? required and empowered, by and with the Consent in Writing of the lieu of Great Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Newby for the Time being, and of a Majority of the several Persons having Right of Common on the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and of the said Dean and Chapter and their

Lefiee, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Tythes of Corn, Grain,

Hay, and all other Great Tythes arising and growing due, or which hereafter might arise and become due, for and in respect of the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be divided and inclostd as aforesaid, to let out, allot, and assign unto the said Dean and Chapter or their Successors, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes as aforesaid, such Quantity,

Part, or Portion of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a full Equivalent and Compensation for and in lieu of such Tythes, which said Quantity, Part, or Portion fh. 11 be accepted by and vested in the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors,

for

?i76 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

for ever, in lieu of and as a full Satisfaction and Compensation for the Tythe of Corn, Hay, and aJI Manner of other Great Tythes, Modules* Payments, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, arising, renewing, or growing due or payable, or which would, could, or might become due or payable, or to which they or their Successors are, can, might, or could be entitled to, from, and out of, or for or in respect of all and every or any Part of the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor of Newby, the fame being well and sufficienjly cart, ring-fenced, and planted with Quickiets, and defended by a sufficient Hedge or Fence according to the ul'ual and accustomed Method of fencing, by and at the Expence of the said William Vilcuunt Lowther, and the Land Owners and oherPer-Jons interested in the Division and Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, by and with the Money, arising from the Sale of Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as hertin-after ment.oned* which said Allotment, Part, or Portion, shall be accepted by and vested in the said Dean and Chapter as alordaid and their Successors, for ever., in lieu of, and as a full Compilation and Satisfaction for all the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and all Manner of other Great Tythes, Modules, Payments, Claims, and D mands whatsoever, arising, renewing, of growing due to the said Dean and Chapter or their Successors, or their Lid Lessee or any of them, for and in respect of the said Commons and "Waste Grounds so to be divided and inclosed within and throughout the whole Manor of Newby aforesaid

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Commissioners frail and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when [hey frail think proper, to fell, in the Manner directed or p^efeibed by the said recited Act, such Part or Share of the said Commons and Wane Grounds so to be divided and inclosed, as shall be ne-.dLry to laife a iufficienc Sum for defraying the Charges of obtaining this Act, and atie/iding the Division of the said Commons, Moors, and Wafcc Grounds, and Common Stinted Pastures, and of cgflipg, ring fencing, and planting with Quicksets the Ai!o:mcnrs by this Act directed co be fee out and allotted untQ the said Dean and Chapter and their Defile, in lieu of Tythes as herein-before and herein-afttr mentioned, and cairyiugthisACt into full E:cecu;ion,agrreablein all Respects to the Rules and Regulations in the said recited Act mentioned.; but if the Money to be raised by such Sale or Sales frail noc be iufficienc to answer the Purposes aforesaid, then the Deficiency therein shall be raised and paid by the Proprietors of the several Allotments of the said Commons and Wafie Grounds, and Common Stinted Pafiures, in Proportion to the Value of such their respective Allotments, to be ascertained by an Assessment or Afielfmencs to be made far that Purpose by the said Commissioners.

Commission-pi8 to (ell

Payment of

Expences,

&c.

Allotment of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissiohers shall One.iixtrenth and they are hereby authorized and request! in the next place, out of thje Common'to R^fidue and Remainder of the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby the Lord of intended to be divided and inclosed, to fee out, allot, and appoint untp the Manor. an(j for |aij Wiliam VifcctiiitLcwtber and his Heirs, One-sixteemn l*art in Value of the said Commons and Waste Lands, Quantity and Quality considered, to be awarded and allot ted to him ior his Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided awl indofed.

s* 1 ...... %Vjjt And

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 108. 2177

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required in the next place, having- of ancient first obtained the like Consent in Writing as herein-before mentioned and specified, to fee out, allot, and appoint unto and for the said Dean and W1 Chapter and their Successors, such Parcel of the said Commons andWJe Grounds, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent and Compensation for and in lieu of the Tythes of Corn, Grain,

Hay, and all other Great Tythes arising, renewing, and growing due, from and out of the ancient inclosed Lands and Common Stinted Pastures within the said Manor of Newby \ which laid Allotment, Part, or Portion so to be made to the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors, or their I-effee, shall be in lieu of and as a full Compensation for all Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and all Manner of other Great Tythes, Modules,

Payments, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, arising, renewing, due, or payable, or which would, could, or might become due or payable, or to which they or their Successors are, may, can, might, or could be entitled to, from, and out of, or for or in respect of all and every or any of the ancient Messuages, Tenements, and tnclosed Lands, and also the said Common Stinted Pastures, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed within the said Manor or Township of Newby aforesaid, the fame being well and sufficiemly call and planted with Quicksets, and defended by a sufficient Hedge or fence, according to the usual and accuC. tomed Method of fencing, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment to and they are hereby authorized and required in the next Place, out of the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby Tytkti. intended to be divided and inclosed, to set out, allot, and appoint unto

and fqr the said Jofyn "Jaekfon and his Successors, Vicars of the Parish and

Parish Church of Morland aforesaid, such Quantity, Part, or Portion of the Residueof the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, as they

the said Commifli tiers shall adjudge.to be a full Equivalent and Cdmpen- - a

Cation for all the Vicarial Tythes of what Nature or Kind soever, and atl

Modules, Prescriptions, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Surplice

Fees, and Ecclesiastical Dues whatsoever, arising, increasing, becoming,

or growing due within the whole Manor or Tuwnship of Newby aforesaid,

all which said several Allotments fu to be made to the said Dean and

Chapter and their Successors, and the Ltd Joim Jaekfon and his Successors,

Vicars of Morland aforesaid, when let out and well and sufficiehtly caff, ripe-fenced, and planted with Quicksets, shall be severally ahdrefpiftively accepted by, and yelled in them and their Successors for ever as aforesaid,

ID liyu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Tythes of Ciqro, Grain, Hay, Wool,' Lambs, Calves, Agiftmenc, and iall and all Manner of other Tyithes, as well great as small, Modules, Prescriptions,

Payment', Claims, and Demands, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries,

Surplice Fees, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues whatsoever, arising, in-ercafing, becoming, of growingrrdue,i or which would, could, or might become due ur payable within and-, throughout the whole Manor or Township of Newiy aforesaid. ! i- 1 ’

XX. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Commtf- Allotment of fwners shall have dedufled Lands for the Roads, and for Ways and

[Lee. £s? Per.] a4 Drains,

\i"j$ 461, GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

s^tttiPaf * Drain, ami.made the several Allotments herein-before mentioned, they tures. a" Ibail in the next Place let out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Moors, and Waftt Grounds, and also of the said Common iftinwd Pafttkes, by this Act directed to be divided and inclbfrd, unto aidamongll 'the several Per tons who, at the Time of making fucif AlJoanenty shall be entitled to any Etlare, Property, Righr, or IrrerMt in the said Common {tinted Pastures, according to the Number of Citric Gates-each Proprietor shall be possessed of or entitled unto, and in thd said Commons, Moors, and iWafte Grounds, according to their rrfpec-tive iniertfts therein, and according co the Value of their respective Eltattes as they are rated to the Poor, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Parts and Places, as by the said Commissioneri fhaibbe'adjudged and determined to be a Compensation and Satisfaction for the f.vcraland respective Lands and Ground*,’ Rights of Common, and-,.other1'Rights and Inttrefts of each of the said Proprietors, after such Deductions as aforesaid, such Common', Moors,*and Waste Ground*, when inclufed, shall be vetted in the several Persons who shall be entitled tQjthe fame, as Freehold Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Common Stinted Pastures so to be divided 4nd inclosed, 'remaining as Customary Estates of Inheritnnce or ntherwife akdardingtb the Tenure of the said’ several Cattle Gates in the said Stinted Paftmes hereby intended to be divided as aforesaid. 1 ,f’

Tithes to be

XXI. And be it further enacted, That until the Division and Allotments tofore Sntff made> finished, and accepted and raken by the said Dean and

Division , Chapter or their Leflec, and the said, John Jaekfon, Vicar as aforesaidf in

made* 5 pursuance of this Act, the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors or

" Ltjftee, and the said John JaikJon, or such Person or Persons entitled to

such Tythes as aforesaid, shall* be entitled to, and shall receive and enjoy ftiohr&nd'she fame Tythe$, as he or they could, might,-cy ought* to have done iniiitfeithis Ad had net been made.l

Allotment* to

may be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made as 3f'oresaid, shall, withfn such Time either before or after the Execution of the,/aid Award as the said Commissioners fhttllxft’tfet and dked, be ihclokd and fenced, ?nd such Fences for ever afterwards maintained, repaired,-and fopportedi by and at the Expence, of the respective Proprietor*,1 in ipchrSharcs and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award dirtd , and-in case any of ihefBroprietnrs or Pe*fons interfiled in the laidDivjjio.n and Inclosure, shall refuse or neghd to inirlofe and fence filcb P^ft-or Proporiion of liha said Commons and Walle Grounds, j'dt* £o/#mbn Stinted Pastures, as shall be allotted and awarded to him’, hery Or thtlmd wathiih the Time ^limited and prescribed by the said Commission’-4rs 4s ,iJdlfisaid*i iushall and may be lawful to and for the said Commit Clouet JU> eause the fame so be inclosed and fenced, and chatge luth Pto1-p^jetwiwith the I£»pen£fi of such Division and Intlbsure.

at b -»c*i' t - - vV.-o IE boa- .»*>4 Ktflqwfe

i&nlU* And be it further enacted, That it shall* be lawful forrthfe faTd' CoromiStoners to let bur?:!alk»r, and award any Mefflf^s, Euftd^, men s, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the f^d'Mytor^TeWhfhi'p1 of Newby, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Messuages, Lands, denenTtjKS, or Hereditaments wfrktfotev&iv nvirfln khe said MifibAor or within anvolPlomioipiMbnacJ TowTifli^,

rwG Qt [.nrtVS.*!? or

2179

4-6* G E O Pv GII III. Cap. 10.8.

or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be afrertained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said Cotncnissioners, and be made with the Cdnlent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, (Hall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corpnuatc, or Cohegute, or a Tenant cr T enants in Fee Simple, or for Lib:, or :n Fee Tail General ot Special, or by the Courcely of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trailers, Feoffees, for charitable or other Uses, ffulbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, ^yho. at the Time of making such ExchaogQor-iExchanges, shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatuks, or urfder any leg*) Di&bil’ty, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otirerwile disabled so act for theml'elves, himself, or herself, such Con lent to be tellified in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, under the Hands of the other contenting Parties respectively and all and, every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes '^hatjEoever: Provided.,nevers|i?l?f8, that no Exchange'shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or tiereditafmeius held in right of any Church, Chapel,; or other Ec$LGaffical Benefice, without the Content certified as aforesaid, of th^ Pairon thereof, and ,of the Bishop tjf'the Diocese in which ffijdh Messuages, Lands, Tenement, Or, Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall be and; be *jdul n:nd

bxrt i:' cinu bre b^loiDr.inu bsniiiam bed »mi ! ii d1l-»

XXIV. And belt further enacted, That all Colls, Charges, and Ex- CostsofEx-pences attending the making and completing of any Exchanges and Par- change* how

nitons, shall be paid apd borne try the several Ifcrfons making ;such Ex- p" ‘ -

changes and Partitions, in such Manner ar\d in such Proportions as the j ,7, IJ (atdr.Comm flior<rrs by. their.,said Away^i o* other fcpajrjiie of ' ’ Instrument, order or direct. :j , (>j b- i upai

]/.'o V-. ‘ _ tb r ' >-: n rn-.rl yo noM

, 3XX, V. b.e it. fuj-th^. enacted, That from and after;jh^.parting of Not to dig this, Act, nj>;.ppribn (h,ill par?, dig, Qf take away any Suds* Xurvep, or Turn*, s*. Sod, in, uponypr^any.-jf^.ijoLtbej/aid.foqimpns or WartftjGrquqds, until the lame shall. bc^let;.q^ and..allowed as. aforesaid, under' a Penalty S U il I mgs, few. pv? r y. ip? Ivpifrnc?, iheYaxpe Jp^re-coy?rrd. andjeyied by, the said Commissioners, and applied, la defcaring the Expences of carrying tins A-a inu KxrLution. j

'i'XVI. And tif it ?ur4 cr cna , That~‘uariy Period '(kalf auring vo Sheep or the Space ot Fourteen Years from tr.e Execution of the said Award, keep hvrn. t^be ty.A.vpt or depaAurcd^yny ShefB^f IfBfrrbs in aCimkw (j)p, Allotn,vits (9 tye made, in pursuante tbif hfij the or nj^Fpuneee

fif.li eticflitjilly fence untfguarci the adjoining AUQtpiyet.Qf^U- J

dotSienis beionoing.,10, any,; ftSPlisjor,^ A’roprietots* tram' any Injury qr Damageyp their Quicklets or new planted Fences, py shall sjjl-fully turn or put, or cause to be turned or put, any Sheep or Lambs,

Hoifcs, Aflcs, or other Bealls or Cattle, into any of the Lanes, Ways, or 'Roads, on timet Side whereof any; new growing, Fence ih^Jl be planted, ..n,s-ln,..v, (fveryPetlo.n so offering shall forfeit and pay for pyery lupjv Offence any

Sorn of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, at the fliicFetiop (of the justice before whom such Gffentkr flijll. be convicted, toii>a,levied by

Distress

2i8o 46<' GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person subject to the Payment of the said Penalty, by Warrant of such Justice, together with the Colls and Charges of such Distress and Sale , and every such Penalty, when fu levied, shall be paid to the Person or Persons injured.

Willi and

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained not'to"'* ®>.ill extend, or be deemed or taken to revoke, make void, alter, or ar-mil any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Limitation, or to prejudice any Person having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Keversion, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed, ot which shall be exchanged in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof respectively; but that the several Lands and Grounds to be artigmd and allotted upon such Division and Inclosure, to the several Parties concerned, or their Trustees, and which shall be taken in exchange in pursuance of this Act, shall immediately after such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, be remain and enure, and the several Persons to whom the fame (halt be allotted and assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth Hand and be seised thereof, to and for such and the fame Ufrs and Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the said Ic-vtral Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in lieu or in resptft whereof such Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, now are, or should or would have been subject and liable to be charged with or affected by, in case the fame had remained uninctofed and unexchanged, or this Act had Hot been paled.

Commission.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in each and every unaudited! Tear during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of pafCng thereof) the said Commidioriers shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of ali Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be'by them Lid before one of His Majesty's Justices of the "Peace for the said County of Westmorlani, to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance shall he by such Justice dated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such qj" - Justice.

’ . .1! rtrfens ad-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Proprietors, a^forVhe0* 01 ‘m"r’ 0,t'tr Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in'dif-Juroofes'f ‘charge of Pees, or other Expences of obtaining, passing, and exf ailing 'e'le^id'0 *8h Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by with'inttrcit. "the Dirrftion of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest’ftjr the same.

commission-

XXX. And be it further enact-d. That the said Commissioners shall Two Pam of rna^c and execute. Two Parts of their said Award, one Part whereof shall award. be depofuetf where the other publick Papers belonging to the Township at.iT Manorof /VrWyaforesaid are usually kept, and the other Part thereof

s;i!...U ' with.

2l8t

4.6* GEORGII HI. Cap. x 08.

with the Clerk of rhr Peace fi>r the said County of Westmorland; and for which a Fre of One Guinea, and no more, shall be paid, and that the same shall respectively be depofirrd within Three Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof; and a true Cop? of such A'1 ard, or any Part thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace or h’s Deputy, for which no more than Four-pence for each Sheet shall bepa'd, each Sheet to contain Seventy-two Words, and also each Part of the said original Award shall be allowed as good and legal Evidence; and the said Clerk of the Peace and his Deputy, shall permit and suffer any Petfori or Persons whomfbever, from Time to Time and at all Times, within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse and inspect the Part of the said Award or Instrumenc deposed in the Office of the said Clerk of the Peace, upon paying for every such Perusal or Inflection One Shilling, and no more.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Savm?'to the this Act contained shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the {£^0rhi»e Right, Title, or Interest of the said William Viscount Lowther, as Lord of Sei?ni3ri<r* the said Manor of Nevql/%, his Heirs or Assigns, of, in, and to the Scig- Roya," niories and Royalties incident and belonging to the said Manor; but that the said William Viscount Lowther, and all succeeding Lords or Ladies of the said Manor, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times, hold and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents, Reliefs, Duties, Customs, and Services, and all Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, within the said Manor, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treasure Trove, Waifs, Eflrays, Forfeitures, Royalties, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Matters, and Things whatsoever to the said Manor, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof, incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except such Common Rights as could or might be claimed by him, her, or them as Owner of the Soil and Inheritance of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and of the said Common Stinted Paflufes) in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they might have held and enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been passed; and that the said William Viscount Lowther, his Heirs and-Assigns, Rcfcrvinja shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, Jon?till hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines of Coal, Iron-stone, and Minerals, Manor to of what Nature or Kind soever, within and under the said Commons, JJ®* Minis, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and also within and under the said Common Stinted Failures hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, together with all convenient and necessary Ways, Wayleaves, Roads, and Passages, already made and hereafter to be made through, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Wagg-on Ways and other Ways in, over, and along the fame or any of them, or any Part thereof, and of searching for, winning and working the said Mines and Minerals, and leading and carrying away the Coal,

Irorftone, Lead, Minerals, Things, and oilier Produce thereof, making Pit Rooms and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, Soughs, Drains, Ways, and Watercourses, and of erecting and using Fire Engines and other Engines, and of ahetirg, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof, in, through, over, and' upon the said Lands nu Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed, and uf have and use any Scone got in the course of sinking Pits or Shafts, or working or getting the said Minerals so referred as aforesaid, at his her, or their own \Loe% is? Per.] 24 R free

2182

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ictS.

free Will and Pleasure, and to do ell such other Work?, A6s, and Things, cither now in use cr hereafter to be invented, as may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete Enjoyment thereof in and upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and also in and upon the said Common Stinted Pastures, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made: Provided nevertheless* that nothing in this Act contained shall give to the said William Viscounc Lowther, or to any future Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Newby aforesaid, any greater, further, or other Authority, Power, Privilege, or Liberty whatsoever, touching cr concerning the sinking, searching for, winning, working, carrying away, and disposing of the Mines of Coal, Ironstone, and other Minerals contained in the said several Commons, Moors, and Waste Ground, and also in the said Common Stinted Pastures hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and ir.closed, than he the said William Viscount Lowther was by Law entitled to immediately before the passing of the Act.

to be made

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or by ihe Lout Persons shall fujffer or sustain any Loss or Damage in his, her, or their donefn'wSk re^Pe^lve Allotments by the sinking, searching for, winning cr working ing Mines, ’ of any Mines of Coal, Ironstone, or other Mir.es therein, or the laying or repairing Waggon Ways or othe- Way?, or by leadingor carrying away the Coals, Ironstone, or other Ore or Minerals to be gotten thereotir, or making Drifts, Levels, or Watercourfrs, erecting or using Fire or other Engines, Pit Room, or other the Liberties and Powers hereby given and reserved to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Newly aforesaid, for the Time being, that then and in every such Case the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall pay fuil Satisfaction for all such Damages, Spoil of Ground, and other Lcf. to be occasioned thereby, to any Person or Persons who shall be in the Possession of such Ground or Allotment at the Time of doing such Damage or occasioning such Spoil or Loss.

CenenJ10 the

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Quarter Sef- shall tf»nk himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done

*cn«. in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case

(.except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Comm-ffioncs aie by the said iccited Act or this Act directed to be final, binding, or con-clufiTe, and excef t in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) such Person or Persons may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Westmorfohdi within Six Calendar Months after the cause of Con plaint shall have arisen, and giving Twenty D->ys Notice id the Commissioners of such his, her, or their Intention of appealing \ and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to m;ke such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Wsirant to levy the Costs and Charges which shall be so awarded, by Distress And Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the fame, tendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels j which Determination of the said Jufliccfr

46° GEORGII IIT. Cap. 10S. 2183

Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Maj city’s Courts at Westtnirjier or elsewhere; and in care such Appral shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discrecion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Savu>* Politick and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Lands or other Compensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest: or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished) all such Estates, Rights, and Interests as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, te, or in respect of the Commons and Wades hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Act robe the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, printed, so printed, shall be admitted 2s Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

IE .501 . 'I .11

.. ! }<m It-{

r. 1 rA / igr i.

: ;sisff.v'l

w; ..i'-Sir*'

1 .: M bsl»:-i: i

ir.j.a

II j

id*m:

v'. ’ r.

5 y-.i s-TCore. L r‘

?; K "*( - \ ,15V — )

V: *2iv

r, a, v*;-. .: in

1 7 1 f(15sl

--x

3 ,; . f

Z4&7*

liteumrotVtSi «A> HTt*v, --...m*-»-..«»* w-

* -"'! . ! .-,<</ L-t* 'll.- *.

-; - - > i

& v ,$'0I

I ' *‘v " ? '

' .;..."

>T; i

sX

! f

x . r; -', A

- ; %tH so- ?4J to ff: *v,

V.t v.

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS

Cap. 109.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Clibum in the County of Westmorland.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor or Township of Clibum, in the County of Westmorland^ several Open Commons and Waste Grounds; also certain Parcels of Land now mered or flaked out, and uninclosed, called Clibum Ling, containing together by Estimation Five hundred Acres or thereabouts; and also a certain Common Stinted Failure, called Clibum Shaw, containing by Estimation One hundred and fifty Acres, be the fame more or lets: And whereas the Right Honourable Will:am Viscount Lcwtber is Lord of the Manor of Clibum aforesaid, and Owner of the Soil of the said Open Commons and Waste Grounds, uninclosed Lands, and of the said Common Stinted Pasture, and of the Coal Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coals, and all other Mines and Minerals therein: And whereas the Honourable and Right Reverend Edward Lord Bishop of Carlisle, in Right of his See, is Patron of the Rrdtory Parish and Parifo Church of Clibum aforesaid, whereof the said Manor or Township of Clibum is Parcel j and John Pool, Clerk, is the present Rector and Incumbent thereof: And whereas an Act was palfed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually infer ted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fafts usually required on the paffn^ of such Acts: And whereas it would be of great Fer.l 24 S Advantage

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

Advantage to the several O whers and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Wafte Grounds, and uninciofed Linds, and the said Common Stinted Pasture, if the lame were divided and inclosed, and specific P rts thereyf allotted unco and amongst the several Pe Ions incerested therein, accord'ng to their respectiveRights, Sh ires, and Interests: May it therefore pkafe Your Majesty that ic may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wi'h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Robert Lumb, of Lozuther in the County of Westmorland, Ralph Bird, of Birdby in the Parish of Morland in the said County, and John Todd, of Kendal in the said County, Gentlemen, and their Successors to be nominated in Mannner herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for felting our, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, uninclosed Lands, and also the said Common Stinted Failure, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Order-, and Directions in the Lid recited Act confined, except in such Cases where the same are by this Act varied or altered; and That all Acts, Matters, or Things hereby directed to be done by the said Comm (Ti mers, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by all the said Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or who shall be nominated in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Poweis and Authorities hereby in them respectively veiled, die, or refuse to ad, or without some reasonable Cause neglect to attend a Meeting for putting this Act into Execution for the Space of Two Calendar Months after he shall have received Notice from any Person interested in the said Indolure of the p.ifTing of this Act, or requiring him to attend as a Commissioner, a new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be nominated in Manner following j (that is to say), if the said Robert Lumb shall die, or refuse to ad, or neglect to a tend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said William Viscount Lozutber, his Heirs or Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands to appoint one other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Room of the said Robert Lumb, and so from Timr to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said William Viscount Lowlber, his Heirs or Assigns and in calc the said Ralph Bird shall die, or refuse to ad, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, ic shall be lawful for the Lid John Pool, and his Successor or Successors Rectors of Clihim aforesaid, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands to appoint one other Commissioner (not interested in the l aid Inclosure) in the Rooin of the said Ralph Bird, ana so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner 10 to be appointed by the hid John Pool, or his Successor or Successors Ridors as aforesaid; and in case the said John Todd shill die, or refuse to ad, or neglectoattend as aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawfulforthe Majority in Value ^tobe afeerrained by the Rate for the Relief e f the Poor) of the Proprietors or Person $ imerested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed by this Act to be divided and inclosed, or their Agents,to be appointed by W»iting under tfteir lefpediye Hands for such Purpose, or their known Agents or Attornies-

2187

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lop.

Aftornies who shall be pre!ent at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose at the Patish Church of Clibuni aforesaid, in pursuance of a Notice to be given in the said Church, or by Writing to be affixed upon the mod pobiick outer Door of the said Church, and alfj in the Newspaper called The Cumbtrland Pacquet, CarliJJe ’Journal, or fame other Newspjprr usually circulated in the said County of West norland, at least Twenty-one Days before such Meeting, by Writing under their Hands to appoint one other Comiriissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Room of him the said John Todd, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Proprietors as aforesaid shall die, refuse to act or neglect to attend as aforesaid j and in case the said I’/ilVam Viscounc Lvwtber, his Heirs or Assigns, the said John Pool, or his Successor or Successors Rectors of Cliburn aforesaid, or the said Proprietors, either or any of them respectively, shall make Default in appointing any new Commissioner so directed to be appointed by him and them as aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months af ;cr the Death of any Comm.ffijner, or his Refusal to act, or neglect of Attendance shall be known, then the surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and they and he a-e and is hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, within One Calendar Month next afeer the Expiration of the said Two Calendar Months allowed to the respective Parties and Persons for naming such new Commissioner or Commissioners by them respectively as aforesaid, to appoint one other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Room of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing to act or neglecting to attend j and every Commissioner so to be appointed shall have the like Power and Authority as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall be appointed was vested with by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Taid Commissioners shall be Allowancet« each respectivfty pa;d the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Six- ^nrnifliott* pence and no more, for all their Trouble and the Expences which they shall incur on each and every Day they shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending on the Execution of this Act $ and also the further Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence, unto each and every Commissioner for his Trouble and Expence on each and every Day that he shall attend or be engaged or employed for the Purpose of enquiring into, examining \Vitneffe>, and settling and determining any objected or disputed Claims, or any other Disputes or Differences which shall or may arii'e or happen, touching or concerning the said Division and Inclosure, and hereby referred to the said Commissioners, the said Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence, to be paid by the Person or Persons against whom the Award of the said Commissioners shall be made in case of a Reference to them as herein-before expressed: Provided always, that the said Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, their Agents and Attornies, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act. IV.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, 2nd they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as to them shall seem meet, to appoint ^'uch and so many Persons as they shall think proper or necesiary to be Surveyors, or Assistants to such Surveyors, for the Purposes of the said intended Division and Inclosure, or to survey and admeasure the fame themselves, and from Time to Time to

displac*

Appointment of Surveyors and Afiiitaata.

2l8s

Notice to he fpBMe.tieg miiiioners.

Other Noticei.

Encroach-

Twenty Years to he dee.r.ed Part of the Common.

Commission-w« to settle Differences.

4.6* GEORGGII III. Cap. log.

displace and remove any such Person or Persons so to be appointed, and to appoint any other Person or Persons in the Room, Place, and Stead of any luuh Surveyor or Surveyor-, Assistant or Assistants, so to be displaced and removed, and to makefile*. Surveyor or Surveyors, Assistant or Afliftams, such Recompe ce for their rtlptdive Labour, Skill, and incidental Expellees, as to the said Commissioners shall appear just and reasonable.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Comm fiioners shall and they are hereby required to cause publicic Notice to be given in some Newspa e uftully circulated in the said County of Westnorland^ and also in the said Parish Church or Ckburn> or by affixing a Notice in Writing upon the principal outer Door of the said Church of Cltburn% upon some Sunday during or immediately before or alter Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their First Meeting for beginning to put this Act into Execution, and also ot all such o her Tunes and Places as they shall appoint, for the Purpose of receiving, adjusting, and leuling the Ciaims, Rights, Shares and Proportions of any Person or Persons interested in the Lid Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, unmclosed Lands, and also in the said Common S inted Pasture hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or for any other Purpose whaToever, which shall or may require the Attendance of any Personor Persons interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, so as thac the Place of every such Attendance or Meeting be within Five Miles of Cliburn aforesaid, and that Fourteen Days previous Notice be given thereof ( Meetings by Adjournment only excepted).

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices of Meetings of the said Commissioners requisite or nccdfiry to be given, and not herein otherwise directed, shall be so given by them in some Newspaper usually published or circulated in the said County of Wfjl-tnoi land.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which within Twenty Years now last pall have been made upon or taken from the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act; and in case any Difpu e shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Disputes shall be finally determined by the said Com or fiioners: Provided always, that all such Encroachments which shall have been made or taken by any Person or Persons entitled to Right of Common on the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or a lufHcient Part thereof, shall be confideied as the Share or Allotment, or Parc of the Share or Allotment to be made to the Person or Persons who shall then be in Possession or entitled to the improved Rents and Profits thereof, without considering the Improvements made thereto, and shall be allotted to and accepted by such Person or Persons, as the Whole or Part or Share of the Allotment or Allotments to be assigned or allotted to him, her, or them respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Difpucc or D fference shall arise between any of the Parties interested, or claiming to be interested, in the said Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests therein, which they or

any

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 109. 2189

any of them shall have or claim to have in or to such Common*, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and determine the fame , provided that no Determination of the said Commissioners shall exclude any Person from trying and asserting his Right at Law or in Equity, in respect of the Title to any of the Shares or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, intended to be divided by virtue of this Act, so that no such Trial, or any Judgement thereupon, shall suspend or impede the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever,

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, Commilfloner# upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection awarTcSts.10 or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Coils', it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, afifefs, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Caie it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person Parties dif* or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Divi- f^their fion and inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Rights by> Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the Right ,ffueatL*' to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or of any

Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so distatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Wejbnorland, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Atcorny or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or fi!e Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Jflues, whereby such [Lqc. & iVr.J ~ 34 T Claim

2*90 4^ GEORGII (IF.

, IHwy-of t.Up I’; - d;-,

Proceedings

CldVn OF Cla:mV and the Right or Rigist? thereby iiife* *1 on mav-be trit d and determined (such issue or Issue.vtb be fe'tlCd by t'v \ir6per'£)*J5, t>r cfihi Court in whiefv such Action or A&tofcs-shall be*!,ter?Ctd, Vo'c^fe the Parries; (haTFrirffer ibont the Tame); ark?’the VercHft^ir; Verdufts which ffidPbe given irF or Anions Thafl be bindiirgAVpon ail Peon’s,

and[6O'di. TVIt t i c K lahd C rpofate whorr.soever, uni fs the Co rr wherein suffi A’ction’ or A tioifcr shill be brought shall set aside such Verdi 6L or Verbids and ordet a new1 Trial or new Tfials ro be had threin, which it shall be lawful for the Court1 to do, and also upon sufficient Caule shewn, to put off the Trial of such Issue, as fs usual in other Cafes; and that after fucftVerciid or Vfrdidb shall be obtained, and not set aside ’>ythe Court, the said Comm'ffion rs shall ard they are hereby empowered to act in conformity theieto: Provided always, that if any of the Pa'ties in any Action to be brought in pursuan te of this Act shall die pending the fa ne, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if such Event had not happened.

No Person shall dig SoU* or Turve under a Penalty.

Allotment for

Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Gravel for Roads, &c.

XI. And be it further enacted, That 'from and aft^r the passing of this Act, no Person, shall pare, dig,‘or take away any Sods, Turves, or'Sdil, in upon, or from any Part of the said Commons, Moors, or Walle Lrinhs and inclosed Grounds, until the same shall be set "ut and ..Hotted as sfdre-said, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, the same to be recovered and levied by the said Commissioners, and applied in defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the fhft Place assign, set 6ut, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Township, such Parts of the said Common and Waste Grounds not exceeding Four Acres, hereby directed to,be divided, allotted, and ?n-closed, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, as and for pubifck Stone Quarries, Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting G ave! for the Repairs of rhe Roads to be made over the said Common and Waste Grounds, the Common Stinted Paflureand Lands called The Ling, hereoy directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed; and the fame Allotments, when set our, shall forever thereafter beufed by the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the said Township, and by the Propiit'ors of Lands, T ne-ments, and Hereditaments, within the said Township, and their Tenants for the Time being, in such Manner, and underfuchRules, Orde s,a’nd Regulations, as they the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order and appoint $ the Herbage and Pasturage of such Al'otment or Allotments, when so fee out, to belong exclusively to the Person or Persons in whose Alotmentor Allotments the fafrie shall be situated or adjoining; and that the said Commissioners have Power, and are hereby authorized to order and direct, how and in what Manner and by whom, as well all new Roads to be set out by virtue of this Act or by the said recited Act, as all or any ancient pubhek Roads, not being Turnpike Roads, within the said Township, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be in future amended and kept in Repair.

Allotment to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Trustees for the said Commissioners to set out and allot (o much of the said Commons the Schoof.1*1* and Wade Ground, as will in their Judgement, at the Time of making such Allotment, be worth to be let for the clear yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds; and after such Allotment shall be fee out as aforesaid, then the said

Com-

464-G EOIVgII It I. Cup. 109.

JSttohiflloners shall/by In Verituriffcttf Le.de and R] af- convey anSttfllire the fame and the Fre<hold a id Inheritance thereof, unto and to’the I ic of such Pei fops being Laid Owners or L habitants within the;,aid P^aupr or

Townth\ptfiH,e VPhjte Aitig' ?,.& tfi<in «j;r Psrr lnV.rfuw.of the I p.rtd lilha 6rf| t; fur: Man- for 1 own: Fit’ ( uch Value

tobmTecr or by Proxy

at a MectiQ’g to convened .’by the said Cc-m^.ffiohefs for that Purpose (; hereof Foucre^p- ULy $' jfte Woe's. Notice1 ft 4 ft. J>e: giv<. n in Mart her herein* ^bcjbi'e uifeftedi fHall nominate ahd'ajjprdrjt, nncf the AFotme.n f> conveyed,

" Or cxVaert*.^ tiiJ intended lb to be, than immediately theroip- n becorpe legally vefteddii the find Trusteer, their Heirs and Assigns, according to the fakf Conveyance, lipon Trust <nd to arid f _>r the Thcem and Purpose herein-after cxprtfted and directed of and concerning the f ,m'e, (jfjit is today') lipdh Trust to receive and apply the Rents Jftu‘e«i ami* Pro tics ther of for <;ver (all their reasonable and 'htceffry Charges in the Execution of tin 'ijlilts r< pjfed in them being firftciedrtdttd) fur and towards the Support and Maintenance (as far as the fame will e'xten ') of the Schodlmaster f r the Time* being of the GijfaYmar School of Cliburn aforesaid; and in ' calc there (hom'd not be any Grammar School within Cliburn aforesaid, then of such 0 her "SchoolmaftVr as 'mpy be teaching widnn Cliburn aforesaid for the Time being, for teaching and intruding the Children of the Land Gamers, Farmers, and other Inhabitants of the said Manor and Tuwnship.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Three or more of the said Trustees to be named and appointed as aforesaid, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die or refuse to act as Trustees for the Purposes before expressed, theri and in every such Case from Time to Time for ever, as often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the major Parc in Value of the Land.OwneTs and Inhabitants of the said Manor or Township of Chburn paying Poor Rates within the same (such Value to be fixed as aforesaid) 3lTemb!ed personally or by Proxy appointed under the Hand Writing of such Proprietors at a Meeting to be convened by the Surviving Trustee Or Trust es for the Time being for that Purpose (whereof Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given as aforesaid) to nominate and appoint in Writing so many more Persons, being Land Owners or Inhabitants of the fame Manor or Township, to be Trustees in the Place find Stead of the Trustees so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid, as together with the surviving Trustees or Trustee wiil make up the Number of Se^eh Trdftees, and so that the said Trustees shall be perpetually kept up to the Number of Seven; and immediately after such Nomination and Appointment thi surviv ng Trustees or Trustee from Time to Time shall, by Indenture off. ea'e an'/. Release, convey and allure the said Allotment so made ai aforesaid, in such Manner as that the fame miy become legally veiled in such hew and surviving Trustees upon the Trusts before mentiont hat all and every Person arid Pe lons so

appointed a Trustee or Ti lle£s. shall from thenceforth have the fame Powers and Authorities in Execution of the Trulvs m bereposed in him or them, as if he or they had been originally apbointed a Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid j and all and evey Ad, Ma ter, and Thlrig which shall be executed, done, and performed by any Four of tk I i ' Trustees for the Time being, in'purlllarfce an Ev^cotion of this A/, Hull be as valid and effcctual to all Irftents and PurpoL-s as 11 a l ft.e laid Trustees for the

Time

SX92

+6* GEORGII III. Cap. tog.

Time being had been present, and had executed, done, and performed the lame.

Commission-

XV. And whereas it would be of much Advantage to the respective ers np vr- Land Owners and other Inhabitants of the said Manor and Townrtiip of non’forpur Cliiurn, and also to the Publick at large, if the said Commissioners were chaftagLandt authorized and empowered to raise Money for purchasing Lands for the Role!"[h' I’urpose of widening the ancient Road leading from the Lands called Citium Ling, through the Village of Cliiurn, to the said Common Stinted Pasture called Cliiurn Shaw; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise such and so much Money by Sale of the Commons and Waste Grounds as herein-after mentioned, as in their Judgement will be sufficient for the Purchase of so much of the Lands and Grounds adjoining the ancient publick Carriage Road leading from the Lands called Cliiurn Ling, through the Village of Cliiurn, to the said Common Stinted Pasture called Cliiurn Slaw, as will enable them to make the said Road wider and more commodious , and the said Land Owners do hereby consent and agree to accept such Recompence for the Lands and Grounds so to be laid to the said publick Highway as shall be deemed by the said Commissioners to be a sufficient Equivalent and full Recompence and Satisfaction for the same.

One-eiVhih

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners are Common1* hereby authorized and empowered, in the nexc Place, to set out, allot, be allotted to and appoint unto and for the said John Pool, and his Successors, Rectors of th# T*the ofr One-eighth Part in Value of the Residue and Remainder of the

the Common, said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and uninclosed Lands, so to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as and for a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Tythe of Corn, Hay, Wool, Lambs, Calves, AgiIlmen:, Tythe Modufies, Payments, and all Tythes, both Great and Small, whatsoever, arif.ng, renewing, growing due or payable, or which would, could, or might become due or payable, or to which he or his Successors is, are, can, might, or could be entitled, unto, from, and out of, or for and in respect of all and every or any Part of the said Commons, Moors, and Wife Grounds, and uninclosed Lands, the fame being well and sufficiently fenced with a Ring or Out-fence, and planted with Quicksets, by and under the Direction and at the Discretion of the said Commissioners.

Commiir;#n-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and land" for they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, when they shall think

Payment of proper, to fell in the Manner directed and prescribed by the said recited Act,

fajKocw. such Part or Share of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, unit closed Lands, and Common Stinted Pasture, so to be divided and incloseu, as shall be necessary to raise a sufficient Sum for defraying the Charges for obtaining this Act, and attending the Division of the said Commons, Moots, and Waste Grounds, uninclosed Lands, and Common Stinted Pasture, and also for purchasing such Lands and Grounds as may be necessary for widening and repairing the ancient Road leading from Cliiurn Ling, through the Village of Cliiurn, to the said Common Stinted Pasture called Cliiurn Slaw, and of calling, ring-fencing, and planting with Quicksets, the Allotments by this Act directed to be set out and allotted to the said John Pool, as Rector of Cliiurn aforesaid, in lieu of Tythes, and carrying this Act

2*93

46° GEORGII III.O

Act into full Execution, agreeable in all Respecti to the R*S*e$ ^ifd’Regii* larions in che said recited Act mentioned; but' if the Money to be raised by such Sale or Sales shall not be sufficier.tto answer the Purposes dforfe* laid, then the Deficiency therein shall be raised and paid by the Proprietors of the several Allotments of the said Commons and1 Waste Grounds, uhih-cloled Lands, and Common Stinted Pasture, to be made by che said Commissioners (except the said John Pcol, as Rector of the said Parish of Cliburn, and his Successors) in Proportion to the Value of such their respective Allotments, to be ascertained by an Assessment or Assessments to be made lor that Purpose by the said Commissioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall5 and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next place, out of the Residue and Remainder of the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, to fee out, allot, and appoint, unto and for the said William VII'count Lowlber, and his Heirs and Assigns, One-sixteench Parc in Value of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste G ound;, for his Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and W-ftc' Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in die next Place, fee out, allot, and appoint unto and for the said John Pool Rector of the said Parish and Parish Church of Cliburn, and his Successors, One-eighth Part in Value of the said Common Stinted Pasture called Cl'i-lu n Shaw, as and for a full and just Equivalent and Compensation for all the Tythe of Corn, Play, YVool, Lambs, Calves, Agistment, Tythe Modules, and all other Tythes, both Great and Small, whatsoever arising, renewing, growing due or pjyable, or which would, could, or might lecome due or payable, or to which he or his Successors is, are, can, might, or could be entitled unto, from, and out of, or for and in respect of all and every or any Part of the said Common Stinted Pasture called Cliburn Shawy the Ring-fence of such Allotment being well and lufficiemly call and fenced, and planted with Quickfcts, by and at the Expence of the Owners and Proprietors of Cactle Gates in the said Common Stinted Pafiure, by and under the Direction and at the Discretion of the said Commissioners.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the next Place, set out, allot, and appoint unto and for the said John Pod, and his Successors, such Parcel of the said Common and Waste Grounds as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners (in case the fame were inclosed and ring-fenced) be altogether of the full Yearly Value of E'ghty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which said Allotment fn to be made to the said Kc&or and his Successors shal I be in lieu of an ' a full Compensati n for ail Tythes of Corn, Hay, YVool, Lambs* Calves, Agistment, and all and all Manner of other Tythes, as well Great as Small, Modules, Payments, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, arising, renewing, clue or payable, or which would, could, or might become due or payable, or to which he or his Successors is, are, may, can, might, ar could be entitled to, from, and out of, or for or in respetft of all and every or any of the Messuages, Tenements, inclosed Lands and Grounds, and all other Hereditaments and Prtmifes within the said Township or Manor of Cliburn, all which said several Allotments, Parts, Shares, and Portions of

(/,«-. & PtrJ] a4 U the

Allotment to the Lord of the M-*nor fog fils Seigniory.

Ore-eighth Part of the

8:inted Pali sure to be allotted to liic Rest or for Tythes.

Allotment to the Keftor in lieu of the Tythes of the aac:ent in-doled Laud*.

46,’ GEORG.II Ills. Cap. zog,

the faijl Commons, Moors, a fid' Waste Grounds, Lands called CliburA Ling, and Common Stinted:Pasture, when so allotted, fee our, and assigned, and ring-ftneed and planted with Qaickfets as herein-before directed and appointed,' shall be accepted by and vested in the said John Pool, and his Successbls Rtftorfc of Cltburr. aforesaid, for ever, in lieu of and as a full Comperifetian and Satisfaction for all the Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, Wool, Lambs, Calves, Agistment, and all and all Manner of other Tythes, as well Great as Small, Modules, Payments, Claims and Demands whatsoever arising, renewing, due or payable to the said John Pool, or his Successor or Successors, within and throughout the whole Manor or Lordship of Cliburn aforesaid*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Com-t!.a Coilimftn! missioners shall have deducted Lands for the Roads, and for Ways and Drains, and made the several Allotments herein-before mentioned, they shall in the next Place let out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, by this Act directed to be divided and irtclosed, unto and amongst the several Persons who, at the Time of making such Allotments, shall be entitled to any Ell ate. Property, Right, or Interest in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, according to the actual Value of their respective Estates lying within the said Manor or Township of Cliburn, such Value to be ascertained 3nd fixed by the said Commissioners; and also shall and will fee out and allot the Residue and Remainder of the said Common Stinted Failure called Cliburn Shawf unto and amongst the several Persons who at the Time of making such Allotment shall be entitled to any Eltare, Property, Righr, or Interest, in the said Common Stinted Pasture, ac ording to the Number of Cattle Gates each Proprietor shall be possess d of or entitled unto; and the said Commissioners shall and will, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in the next Place, to fee out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Lands called The Ling, unto and amongst the several Persons who at the Time of making such Allotments shall be entitled to any Estate, Property, Right or Interest in the said Lands called The Ling, according to the a ual Value of their respective Interests therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Parts and Places, as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a Compensation and Satisfaction for the Lveral and respective Lands and Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests of each of the said Proprietors, afrer such Deductions as aforesaid, such Common'^, Moors, and Waste Grounds, when inclosed, shall be vested in the several Persons who shall be entitled to the fame, as Freehold Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, the Allotments upon the Lands called Cliburn Ling, and the Common Stinted Pasture remaining of the fame Tenure, and subject to the Payment of the fame Rents, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, Services, and Customs as the fame were subject and liable unto previous to the passing of this Act, and shall allot the Share or Shares of each Party as near to the Homesteads, or some other of the present inclosed Lands or Tenements belonging to such Party rcfoeftively as conveniently may be.

Allotments to

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be aru ie iccJ1 d mac*e as afore,a^» within such Time either before or after the and ,e cc ’ Execution of the said Award as the said Commissioners shall direct,

be

" GEORGII HI. Cap. ing. 2*95

be inclosed and fenced, and Tilth Fences shall for ever afterwards be main-rained, repaired, and supported by and at the Expence of the respective Proprietors, in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioners ft ail by their Paid Award direct.

XXIII. And beitfurtheFenacted, That until the Division and Allotments 'fvthe* to be shall be made and finished in pursuance of this Act, the said John Pobl,

Rrftor as aforesaid, and Ms Successor or Successorsi or such other Person Or ioimcmsmaJ« Persons entitled to such Tythe«/as a&resaid, Cshall be entitled to, and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes, as he or they could, might, or ought to have done in case tJiis.Act had not been made.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Proprietor* for any of the Persons entirled to Right of Common upon the said Com- nwy ftHiheqr mons, Moors, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed, to fell Ki'ehr, and and dispose of his, her, or their Right, Share, or Interest in such Coiri- rommission* mons. Moors, and Waste Grounds, separate and apart from the Property /ameT^th# to which such Right or Interest is appurtenant, and that the said Commis- furchafer. sioners shall and may award the Allorments to be made in lieu of the Right

of Common so fold and disposed of to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, having received a Request in Wildngfo to do, f/gned by the Owners or Proprietors of such Rights of Common, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and that such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the fame unto him, his Heirs, and Assigns for ever, any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Exchange* Commissioners to set our, allot, and award any Messuages, Lands, Tene- nuybemadw men s, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manor or Township of Cliburttt in lieu of and in exchange for any other Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manor or Township, or within any adjoining Manor, P«ri(h, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Confenc of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or lor Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charicable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for ary such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or other wise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herlelf, such Content to be tellified in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body Politick-, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively j and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law 10 all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the

2196

Costs of Exchanges and Partition to be paid by Person* in« terested.

No Sheep or Lambs to be

the Allotmenf for 14 Years.

Commissioners to make out yearly Accounts.

Wills, fcc. not t* be affected.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

the Consent testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Costs Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing of any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award or other separate Deed or Instrument, order or direct.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person thafl, during the Space of Fourteen Years from the Execution of the said Award, keep or departure, or permit to be kept or depastured, any Sheep or Lambs in the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, ‘unless he, she, or they shall first effectually fence and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any other Proprietor or Proprietors, from any Injury or Damage to their Quicklets or new planted Fences, or shall wilfully turn or pur, or caul'c to be turned or put, any Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Asses, or other Beads or Cattle, into any of the Lanes, Ways, or Roads, on either Side whereof any new growing Fence shall be planted, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person subject to the Payment of the said Penalty, by Warrant of such Justice, together with the Costs and Charges of such D.stress and Sale; and every such Penalty, when so levied, shall be paid to the Person or Persons injured,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of pa fling thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Westmorland. to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice dated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners j and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XXIX. Providedjneverthelcf-, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or taken to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Limitation, or to prejudiceany Person having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Reversion, Inteieft, Service, Debr, Charges, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided andincloled, or which shall be exchanged in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof respectively \ but that the several Lands and Grounds to be assignrd and allotted upon such Division and Inclosure, to the several Parties concerned,

or

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioc). 2197

or their Trustees, and which shall be taken in exchange in pursuance of this Act, shall immediately after such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, be remain and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted and afirgned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be seised thereof, to and for such and the same Uses and Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements,

Limitations, Remainders, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the said le* veral Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made or would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Proprietors, rsne' Moor any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in dif- ney t"*l>erel charge of Fees, or other Expences of obtaining, passing, and executing

this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by u ‘ the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with iawlul Interest for the same.

XXXI. And be it further enact-d, That the said Commissioners shall Two parr* of make and execute Two Parrs of their Award, and that one Part thereof shall to b* be deposited in the Chest of the Parish Church of Cliburn aforesaid, and the other Part thereof shall, within Two Calendar Months next alter the Execution thereof, be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for th laid County of Westmorland\ and fur which a Fee of One Guinea shall be paid, and a true Copy of such Award, or of any Part thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace or his Dcpury, for which no more than Four-pence per Sheet shall be paid, each Sheet to contain Seventy.two Word*, and also each Parc of the Lid original Award shall be allowed as good and legal Evidence; and the said Clerk of the Peace and his Deputy shall permit and suffer any Person or Persons whomsoever, from Time to Time and at all Times, within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse or inspect the Part of the said Award or Instrument so de* posited in the Office of the said Clerk of the Peace, upon paying for every such Perusal or Inspection One Shilling, and no more.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in San-nir the this Act contained shall be construed to defeat, lelTen, or prejudice the Rights of the Right, Title, or Interest of the said William Viscounc Lowther, as Lord of ^fthe the said Manor of Cliburn, his Heirs or Assigns, of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and belonging to the said Manor; but that the said William Viscount Lowther^ and all succeeding Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times, hold and enjoy allQuit Rents, Free Rents, Reliefs, Duties, Customs, and Services, and all Courts, and Perquisites and Profits of Courts, within the said Manor, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treasure Trove, Waifs, Eltrays,

Forfeitures, Royalties, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Matters, and Things whatsoever to the said Manor, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof, incident, belonging, or appertaining, (other than and except such Common Right as could or might be claimed by him, her, or them as Owners of the Soil and Inheritance of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they might have held and enjoyed the [Lk & Ptr!\ 54 X fame

2198 46° GEORGII III. Cap. ioy.

fame if this Act had not been made; and that the said William Vifcofonf Lowther, his Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines of Coal, Iron-ftune, and Minerals, of what Nature or Rind loever, wi hin and under the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, uninclosed Lands, and Common Stinted Failure hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclafed, together with all convenient and necessary Ways, Waylcaves, Roads, and Passages, already made and hereafter to be made through, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways in, over, and along the lame or any of them, cr any Part thereof, and of searching for, winning and working the said Mines ana Minerals, and leading and carrying away the Coal, Ironstone, Lead, Minerals, Things, and other Produce thereof, making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, Soughs, Drains, Ways, and Watercourses, and oferefting and railing Fire Engines and ocher Engines, and cf altering, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof, in,'hrough, over, and upon the said Lands *nd Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed, and to have and use any Stone got in the course of sinking Pits or Shafts, or working or getting the said Minerals so reserved as aforesaid, at his her, and their own free Will and Pleasure, and to do all such other Works, Acts, and Things, now in use or hereafter to be invented, as may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete Enjoyment thereof in and upon the said Commons, Moors, and; Waste Grounds, uninclosed Lands, and Common Stinted Pasture, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made: Provided never the left, that nothing in this Act contained shall give to the said IVidiam VTcnunt howther, or to any future Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Cliburn aforesaid, any greater, further, or other Authority, Power, Privilege, or Liberty whatsoever, touching or concerning the sinking, searching for, winning, carrying away, and disposing of the Mines of Coal, Ironstone, and other Materials contained in the said several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, uninclosed Lands, and Common Stinted Pasture hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and ir.ciofed, than he the said William Viscount Lrxlhtr was by Law entitled to immediately before the passing of this Act.

Satisfaction to

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Per Ton or

ke made for Persons shall fuller or fuftam any Loss or Damage in his, her, or their respective Allotments by the sinking, searching lor, winning or working

of any Mines of Coal, Ironstone, or other Mines therein, or the laying or repairing Waggon Ways or other Ways, or by leading or carrying away the Coals, Ironstone, or other Ore or Minerals to be gotten thereour, or making Drifts, Levels, or Warercourfcs, erecting or raising Fire or other Engines, Pit Room, or other the Liberties and Powers herthy given and reserved to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Clihwrn aforesaid, for the Time being, that then and in every such Case the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall pay lull Satisfaction for all such Damages, Spoil of Ground, and other Loss to be occasioned thereby, to the Person or Persons who shall be in the Possession of such Ground or Allotment at the Time of doing such Damage, Spoil, or Loss.

46k GEORGII IK. Cap. tog; 2199

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per fan 9 Appeal io the shall think himself, herself, or theml'clvcs aggrieved by any Thug done Q,^r.erSct in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case ions, (except where the Orders and Determ nations of the said Comm (fi >ne s ate by this or the said recited Act directed to be final, binding, or conclusive, and excef t in such Cases wherein an I Hue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) such Person or Persons may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Westmorland, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause uf Complaint shall have arisen, and giving Twenty-one Diys Notice to thtCo nnuffioners of such his, her, or their Intention of appealing; and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by rheir Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Charges which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, afer deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Saie; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procrfs whatsoever, into any of H;s Majesty's Courts at Westminster or eftewhere; and in cae such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous*

Vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said J'.dices shall 3nd may* and they are hereby authorized and empowered to award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Gcntral Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies S‘VI,'S' Politick and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors* Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the resprctive Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Linds or other Co npensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by this Act) all such Efiatrs; Rights, andlmertfts as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or in respect of the Commons and Waites hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, deUred" so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof oy all Judges, Justices* Evidenc*. and others*

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806*

»- y

V /

M <1

’ft f -. :m v - I

’' >4 - - '.. . 1 ' f'*-

'Vu.' ! *;.* J f1’

i -

' - l t' t Li

.. I

’ ' -

> ... '.I,

a

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*ftiM>*4W lt»

Cap. no.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ampthill in the County of Bedford.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS there are certain Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ampthill, in the County of Bedford: And whereas the said Parish of Ampthill is situate within the Honour of Ampthill, and the Right Honourable John Earl of Upper OJfory is Lord of the Manor of Ampthill, as Lessee under the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, and as such is entitled to the Right of Soil in and over the Common Warren and Waste Lands in the said Parish of Ampthill \ and the said Earl is also entitled (as Lessee as aforesaid) to a Warren of Coneys in and ever a certain Place in Ampthill aforesaid, called Ampthill Warren, containing, by Estimation, Three hundred and Forty-one Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the said John Earl cf Upper Ojj'ory (as Lessee as atorefrtid) is the Patron of the Rettery of Ampthill; and the Reverend John Hi.ukins. Clerk, is Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Ampthill aforesaid, and in Right of his said Rectory is entitled to the Great and Small Tythes anfing and renewing upon and from the tythable Lands within the said Parish, and to certain Rights of Common in and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby inrended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed: And whereas the said John Earl of Upper OJ/ory, John Morris Esquire, George Exton, John Robinson, Ezra Eagles, Humphrey Carte, John Carte, William Boulton, 'Thomas Brace Stone, and John Kirk, [Lee. & Per.] 214 T Gentlemen,

F.?rl of Up* per Oflbry

Manor as Lessee under tire Crown*

Patron.

Rector*

Propriety r*.

2202

Recital of Act 41 G. 3.

Auction of *iew Coin-missioner*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 110.

Gentlemen, together with divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietor* of or otherwise interested in the said Commonable Lands, Common Warren, ai.d Wafic Lands and are or claim to be entitled to certain Rights of Common) and other Commonable Rights and Interests, in, over, and upon the fame: And whereas an Act was passed in th* Forty-first Year of the Rer^n of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for cchfolidating in one Ad certatn Provfms usually infer ted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating she Mode of proving the several Fails usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the Lid Commonable Lands, Common Warren* and Waste Lands, are subj dt to divers Encroachments and Trespasses, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very beneficial to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons inrertfted therein as aforesaid, if the fame were divided and allotted unto and amongst such Owners, Proprietors, and other Persons, according and in proportion to their resptdlive Estates, Rights, and Interests, and if such Lands were conveniently laid together and inclosed: But inasmuch as the said several Objects cannot beeffe&ed without the Add and Authority t>f Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by1 the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of 'he Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Wafie Lands, shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed; and that John Feiloives of Fofcott, in the Counry of Buckingham, and Thomas Thorpe ot Great Barford, in the County of Bedford, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be cledled in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for valuing, dividing* allotting, and inclosing the fame, and for exonerating from Tythes the tythabie Lands and Grounds within the Lid Parish, and fur carrying (his and the said recited Act into Execution, in Manner and subjedb to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after contained, and also subject to the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations of the said recited Act (except where the same are hereby varied or altered); and that it shall be lawful for them the Lid Commissioners or their Successors, to be appointed as herein-atcer is mentioned, to do and perform every Act and Thing requilitc to be done under and by virtue of this Act, and to put in force and execute all and every the Powers and Authorise* contained in this and the said recited Act; provided, that if they the said Commissioners or their Successors, shall differ in Opinion upon any of the Matters and Things directed to be executed by them by virtue of this Act, in that case Joseph Pctvfey of Silfoe, in the said County of Bedford, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed a Thud Commissioner for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, with respect to such Matters and Things only on which the Lid Two first named Commissioners or their Successors shall differ in Opinion as aforesaid; and in such Case it shall be lawful for any one of the said first named Commissioners or their Successors, together with the said Joftpb Pawfty or his Successor* to execute all Powers, Authorities, Acts, Matters, and Things requisite to be dene in cite Execution of this or the said recited Act, and which shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if done and exa ecu ted by the Lid Two ft. ft named Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any or either of the CommifEon* ers hereby appointed, or who shall be eJ«&ed or appointed as herciiwftci‘

il

4 q^ORGII III. Cap. no.

mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them respectively vetted, die, refuse, or become incapable to act, or without some'lawful Cause neglect to attend a Meeting for SWHPR6 this Act into Execution for the Space of One Calendar Month flgxs after Notice from any Person interested in the said Inclosure, requiring hjm qr them to attend as a Commissioner or Commissioners, a new CommifQqner or Commissioners (as the Case may require) shall be elected and appointed in Manner following 9 (that is to say) if the said John Fellowrt shall die, refute, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as jaforefaiJ, ic shall be lawful fur the said John Earl of Upper OJfdry, his jHejrs or Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint,one other Commissioner, not int'erected in the said Division, Allot- rfnent, and Inclosure, in the Room of the said John Fellowcst and lb from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said .£arl, his Heirs or Assigns, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act, or peglcft to ^ttend as aforesaid; and' in case the said Thomas Thorpe shall yhe, refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said John Hawkins and his Successors, Rectors of ;the said Parish, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint one:other Commissioner, not interested in the said Divisioh and Inclosure, jn- the^Ropm of the said Thomas Thorps, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commifllpner, to be appointed by the said John Hawkins and his Supceifyrs, Rectors as aforesaid, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid J and in case the said Joseph Pawjey shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as afore-fhd, it.shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of all the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and in* doled, by any Writing under the r Hands, to appoint one other Com-.miffiuner, pot jotercfled in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, in vche Room of the said Joseph P'awfey, and so from Time to Time as often as *my Third named Commissioner, to be appointed by the Majority in Value of all the said Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds aforesaid, shall die, refuse, cr become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid i Provided always, that the remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall cause Notice to be given of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such ... Election, at least Fourteen Days before the Time of holding such Meeting, such Notice to be given and published in the Parish Church oI Ampthill aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and to be affixed and less on one of the outer Doors of the said Church of An\pthill%

, and also inserted in the Northampton Mercury, or fame other publick News-. paper usually circulated in the said County of Bedford 9 and in case any or . c.ither of the said Parties shall make default in appointing any such new Gpmmifli ;ner, within One Calendar Month afrer the Death of either of j the said Commissioners, or his Kehifal, or becoming incapable to act, or neglect of Attendance as aforesaid, then thrsurviving or remaining Com-... imffionersor Commissioner shall, and they and he are and is hereby required* from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expira'ion of the said One Calendar Month allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Commissioners or Commissioner by them respectively as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the Hid Inclosure, in the Room of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act, oj ^eglefting to attend as afort Lid; and every Commissioner to be

appointed

*20 J

46u GEORGII III. Cap. no.

appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like Power and Authority, in all Rdpedts, as the Commissioner in whole Place he shall be appointed.

UK And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Ampthill aforesaid, or by Writing to be affixed on the Principal Outer Door thereof,on some Sunday during Divine Service, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in the Northampton Mercury, or some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Bedford, of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vetted in them, at least Eight Days otfore such Meetings respectively (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and that the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn any such Mert:ngfrom Time to Time, and from Place to Place, within Eight Miles of the said Parish of Ampthill, as they shall see Occasion, for the further Execution of this Act; and in, case the said Commissioners shall not meet at the T.me and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for one of the said Commissioners present at any such intended Meeting or adjourned Meeting, or for the Clerk to the said Commissioners in calc no Commissioner shall attend, to adjourn the same to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or any other Place within Eight Miles of the said Parish of Ampthill; and that the said Commissioner or Clerk, making such Adjournment, shall give Notice thereof to the absent CommissioneT or Commissioners.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (the Manner of giving which is not othrrwife particularly directed) shall be affixed on the Principal Outer Door of the said Parish Church of Ampthill, on some Sunday during Divine Service, or be given by Advertisement in the Northampton Mercury, or some other Newspaper circula ed in the said County of Bedford.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise- loetween any of the Parties interested or claiming co be interested in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed in pursuance of this A<tt, or any Part thereof, touching or concerning the several and respective Shares and Proportions, Rights and Interests, which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in, over, upon, or out of the said Lards and Gn unds hereby dirt&ed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, to examine into, hear, and determine the lame respectively: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to drtermine any Difference or Dispute which may arise touching or concerning the Right or Title of any Person or Persons to any Mdfuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to any Tythes issuing the reout, or other Rights therein (except R ghcs ot Common which shall be subject to the Prcvilo herein-after expreiieu).

VI. And be it further enacted, That in *case tliesaid Commissioners shall j upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims,

Objection

2205

4.6® GEORGfell III. Cap. no.

Objection or OHjedions, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, or upon the Hearing of any such D:fputeor Difference as aforesaid, fee Cause to award any Colt?, it shall be lawful for them and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, act'efs, and award such Coifs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parcies in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons against whom any such Dct< rminaiion shall be made j and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges,

shall neglect or rtfufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the lame, rendering upon Demand the Overp!u*’(il any) of the Monies arising from any such Sale, after deducing the Costs and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been lodiltrained and loid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Bodies J*'irtt'i^jlTT,ay Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons, claiming to be inters (I d in R^hnby an any of the L:mds and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and in* Issue at Law. closed, or objtfting to the Claim to be made by any othir Body Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Person1, of any Right or Interest therein,

Hull be diffutiifi d with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any such Claim or Objection, and shall give Notice thereof in W'riting to the said Commissioners within Two Calendar Months fiext after such Determination shall have been so made by the Did Commissioners, of which Notice the said Commissioners are hereby required, immediately upon or as loon as may be after the Receipt thereof, to cause a true Copy to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the adverle Party cr Parties, or his, her, or their respective Agents or Attornies, then but not otherwise it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons,

Bjdy or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice, or their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the First or Second Assizes to be holden for the said County of Bedford next after such Notice given as aforesaid j and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be difiatiified with such Determination of the said Commissioners, and giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall cause an Action to be brought in one of His Majesty's Courts at 1-Vcstminster3 upon a feigned issue, against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made $ and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and lie,

(he, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Blue or issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Rights and Interests thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined (such issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in calc the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon ail and every Ferlon or Persons,

Bodies Politick or Corporate, rnless the Court whereiti such Action or \Loc, Per.] 24 Z^ Actions

2306

Proceedings

Vy !«3ion of the Death of Partici.

Encroachments oa Ampthill Warren.

Allotment# for Stone, Sand. Gr *-vrl, Marie, Clay, and Mortar PiiB.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also upon sufficient Cause shewn to put off the Trial of any such Mile, as is usual mother Cales -, and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required 10 act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according Co the Event of such Tri.l or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissionera, touching such Claim or Claims to such Rights of Common over, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to the Party or Parties objecting shall not cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be absolutely binding, final, and conclusive upon all Patties interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of rhis or the said recited Act, shall dje pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but (halt be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionerj shall enquire into and determine what Ioclofotes have been taken from, and what Encroachments have been made upon the said Warren, called Amptbill Warren; and all such I clclu.es taken out, and Encroachments madeupon or from any Part thereof respectively, within the Space of Forty Years now last pall, shall br deemed Part and Pa-cel of the said Warren, called AmptbillWarren, and shall br divided and allotted accordingly, but to such Person or Persons only who hath or have so taken in or inclosed the fame, and shall be considered as and for a Part of their respective Allotments to their Estates and Interefh in the said Warren respectively: Provided always, thac all lurh Encroachments and lnclufures which shall have been made by any Person upon or from the said Warren, called Amptbill Warren, within the said Period of Forty Years now lad pad, and who shall not be entitled to any Allotment therefrom, under or by virtue of this or the said recited Acr, the same shall be deemed to belong to, and are hereby declared to be the sole Property of the said John Earl of Upper OJfory, Lord of the said Manor of Amptbill, as Lcffee as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioneri shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award, from and out of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, one or more Piece or Parcel, or Pieces or Parcels of Land, not exceeding in the whole Two Acres, as and for publick Stone, Sand, and Gravel Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the same respectively, to be used in common as well by the Proprietors of Lands and Estates in An pi bill aforesaid, and their Tenants, as for the Repairs of the Publick and Private Roads and Ways within the said Parish and shall also set out, allor, and award one or more Piece or Parcel, or Pieces or Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed at aforesaid, not exceeding Two Acres, as and for publick Marie, Clay, or Mortar Pits, with a convenient Road or convenient Roads to and from the same, to be used in common by the Proprietors of Estates in the said Parjfli

' % of

46° GEORGdl 111. Cap. ho.

of Ampthill, and their Tenants, to dig Marie, Clay, or Mortar for the lie-pairs and Improvement of their said Estates in the said Parish,) and the Herbie growing or renewing ju or upon such Allotment or Allotments of Land respectively, Hull be allotted to such Person or Pet Ions as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Hull and they ate hereby authorized and required (after having let out the necessary Roads, Ways, and Drains, pursuant to the Directions of this and the said recited Act, and the Allotments for Stone, Sand, Gravel, Marie, Clay, and Mortar, and to the said John Hawkins and his Successors, Rectors as afore* laid, for and in lieu of his Commonable Land and Right of Common) to let out and allot unto and for the said John Hawkins and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, for and in lieu and Satisfaction of all Tythes, both Great and Small, Compositions and ether Payments for an) m lieu of Tythes issuing, arising, renewing, or becoming due and payable, in, upon or trotn all the Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, such Parcel or Parcels thereof as Hull, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of all the Arable or Tillage Parts thereof, and to One-ninth Part of all the other Parts thereof, which shall remain after the said Roads, Ways, and Drains, Allotmcn's for Stone, Sand, Gravel, Marie, Clay, and Mortar Pits, and to the said John Hawkins as Rector as aforesaid, for his Right of Common in, over, or upon the fad Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Lands, shall be tnken and deducted therefrom; and the Land so to be allotted as last aforesaid, shall be accepted and taken by the said John Hawkins and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, in lieu of, and in full Recompense, Satisfaction, and Discharge of and for all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small, Compofrions and Payments in lieu of Tythes, issuing, arising, renewing, or becoming due and payable, in, upon, or from the said Commonable Lauds, Common Warren, and Waste Lands, by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed , provided, that until the said Allotments, in lieu of the Tythes thereof. Hull be set out, and Notice thereof given by the said Commissioners, the said John Hawkins and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes, and Payments in lieu of Tythes, as he could or might have done if this Act had not been made and passed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Ten Acres at the lead of the Land to be let out and allotted unto and for the said Johu Hawkins and his Successors, as Rectors as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, Hiall be laid as conveniently as may be to the House now used as the Parsonage House of Ampthill aforesaid: Provided further, that the said John Hawkins and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, shall be entitled to claim, and the said Commissioners, in case of such Claim, are hereby authorized and directed to allot and set out to and for him and them, so much of the Meadow Ground, called Mill Mead, as shall be equal in Value to the Land of the said Rector lying it) the said Meadow, with a convenient Road to such Allotment.

XIII. And whereas there are divers Homelteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Linda and Grounds in the fitid Partfo of Amplktll,

subject

*20 7

Allormrat tQ the Rector thf Tythes of Corr.monabU Lands and Warren.

Com pcs ration for fytkes of an-

3 205

cienf Inclo-suit», by an anal Rente.

46° GEORGII III. Gap. no.

subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes to the said John Hawkins as Rector as aforesaid, and for the Purpose of making an adequate Compensation to the said Rector and his Succrffors for the fame; be it further tnadted. That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make an Estimate of the annual Value of all and every the said Home-steads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds which are subject to the Payment of Tythes, and in such Estimate the said Commissioners shall distinguish the Annual Value of the said Homesteads, Garden*, Orchards, and inclosed Lands and Grounds belonging to every Proprietor separately; and after making such Estimate the said Commissione s dial], from the London Gazette, or by such other Ways and Means as they shall judge most proper, esquire and ascertain what hath been the Average Price of a Winchester Buftiel of good marketable Wheat in the said County of Bedford, for the Term of Twenty-one Years next preceding the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six (not estimating or including in such Enquiry and Afcerrainment the Prie; for the Three Years in which such average Price hath been the flight ft within that Period of Time, but upon the Average of the remaining Eighteen Yea s of the fime Term) and shall in and by their Award ascertain and set forth what Quantity of such Wneat shall in their Judgement (according to such average Price as aforesaid) be equal in Value to Onc-firth Part of the annual Value of all the Arable or Tillage Lands thereof, and to One* ninth Part of all the other Parts thereof, which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes, according to the Estimate to oe made as aforesaid, distinguishing rh»- Quantity of such Wheat in resprft of the said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds belonging to every Proprietor separately; and that there shall be issuing and payable from Time to Time for ever, to the said Jobs Hawkins and his Successors, as Rettors as aforesaid, for the Time being, out of the said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds belonging to the respective Proprietors thereof, and which shall be exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act, such respv.£tive yearly Rents or Sums of Money as shall be equal to the respective Quantities of Wheat so to be ascertained and set forth as afoitsaid, according to such average Prices as shall from Time to Time be ascertained pursuant to the Diregions of this Act, which said respective yearly Rents o* Sums of Money, shall be payable and paid to the said Rector and his Successors by Four equal Quarterly Payments, on the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, free and clear of and from all Parochial and other Taxes, Rrftes, and Assessments whatsoever (except the Land Tax) the first Payment whereof shall become due and be made on such of the said Days of Payment as shall next happen after the Execution of the said Award, or on such earlier Quarterly Day of Payment as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing under their Hands, direct and appoint and all Tythes, as well Great as Small, arising, renewing, and growing due and payable to the said Rector and his Successors in Right of the said Rectory, from, out of, or in respect of the said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds (the Tythes of which shall be so compensated for in Manner aforesaid) shall cease and determine on such of the aforesaid Quarterly Days of Payment, as shall next precede the Day on which the first Payment of the said yearly Rents or Sums shall become due and be made payable as aforesaid, and shall fse from thenceforth for ever extin- "' guished

209

Compenfo-tion far Tythes of ar

46° GEORG It III. Cap.uo.

guished (Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees, excepted, which shall remain due and payable to the Lid *John J-lawkins and his Successors, as Re&ors as aforesaid, as before the passing of this Act).

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where it shall be tound by the said C tmmiffnners that the Tythes of all the tychable Homdie«id<, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures in the said Patish, cf any Proprietor, or of any Number of Proprietors, being Joint Tenants* fuic Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, shall not amount in Value to the yearly Sum of Five Shillings, no such Rent or annual Payment as aforesaid shall be let out or paid in lieu of such Tyrhes; but the said Commissioners

lh ll and they are hereby authorized and required to let out and allot unto the said Rector and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, next to some other Allotment to be made to him or them, such Parcel or Parcels of Land,

Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall be equal to the Value to be computed as aforeLi-j of the Tythes of all such Humeftcads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient In-ciofures, the Tythes whereof respectively shall not be of the annual Value of Five Shillings; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to charge the respecti ve O whers or Proprietors of such Homesteads,

Gardens, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures, with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be a just and full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Fee Simple of the Tythes arising or becoming due or payable for or in respect of such Homesteads, Gardens,

Orchards, and ancient Inclosures respectively, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Com mil boners, or to such other Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as they shall by Writing under their Ha 'dsdircfl, and be by them applied towards defraying the Expences of obt imng and executing this Act; and in case of Non-payment of any of the Sums so to be alccriained and charged, at the Time or Timei 10 be appointed for Payment thereof, the same shall be raised and levied in such and the like Manner as the Colb, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Atff may be raised and levied; and upon Payment of the rrlpective Sums to be afemained as aforesaid, and the setting out such Allotment or Allotments in lieu thereof, the Tythes of the Hotnelleads,

Gardens, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures, in respect of which such Payments shall respectively be made, shall cease and be extinguished.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful as Annual iunt« well for the said John Hawkins and his Successors, Reflors as aforesaid, as reject to*Al-for any one or more of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Homesteads, teration at Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds (except those *]E which shall be compensated for as aforesaid) at their respective proper Yc\l&, ac-Expence, by Writing under their respective Hands, to apply at the fi ft cording to the or any succeeding Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the wheat, said County of Bedford, after the Expiration of the Term of Fifteen Years

from the Date of the said Award (having given Notice of such intended Application by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Amptbill aforesaid, for T'No-Sundays at the leafi: preceding such intended Application) to have Two Persons appointed by the Justices then and there assembled to be Arbitrators, for enquiringinto and ascertain-irg, by or from or by means of the London Gazette, so long as the Returns [Lor* I# Per.} 15 A of

i

2210

4&* GEORGII III. Cap. no,

of the Average Price of Wheat shall be published therein; and in case of no such Publication, then by such Ways or Means as they shall think equitable or proper, the Average Price of a Winchester Bushel of good marketable Wheat within the Paid County of Bedford, for the Fifteen V ars preceding the First Day of January then last pall; but in case the said Arbitrators shall not agree in Opinion touching the Matters aforesaid, then the lame shall bt fixed and settled by some Person to be by the said Arbitrators, by Writing under their Hands, appointed Umpire between them, who shall, by a ,y such Ways and Means as aforesaid, make his Determination therein; which said Arbitrators or Umpire shall, by their or his Report to be made and delivered to the said Court ot Quarter Sessions, to be held next or next but one after the Appointment of the said Arbitrators, set lorrh such Average Price; and in case it shall by such Report appear that such Average Price of a Bushel of such Wheat, is more or Itfs than the Average Price thereof fi t forth in the said Award, by the Value of Three-pence or upwards, the fid respective yearly Tythe Rents shall be increased or diminished in proportion, and the exact Amount of the yearly Rent or Sum to which the same shall severally befo increased or diminished, shall be declared by the Order of the said Court; and the fame shall, from the Quarterly Day of Payment preceding such Order, remain and continue issuing and payable as aforesaid out of the said Home-(leads. Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds, charged by the said Award with such respective yearly Tythe Rents, until the fame shall, at the End of Fifteen Years then next ensuing, be again varied by such Application, and in such Manner as herein-before mentioned, and lo from Time to Time at the End ol every Fifteen Years for ever: Provided always, that in case the said Arbitrators or Umpire shall not make such Report as aforesaid, the said Court of Quarter Sessions is hereby authorized and required to make such Orders, and take such Proceedings as shall be requiiice and necessary for carrying the Intentions of this Act into full effect.

Annual Re.it.

XVL. And be it further enacted, That the said Rector and his Suc-▼tred/*' ctffors shall have and txercile such and the like Powers and Remedies for recovering the several Rents hereby directed to be ascertained, and all Arrears thereof, with the Colls and Charges thereby to be incurred, by Distress or Action, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are provided and given to Landlords for the Recovery of Rents in Arrear; and that upon the Cefli ;n, Resignation, Removal, or Death of every Rector of the said Parish of AmptbiU, a proportionate Part of the current Quarterly Payment of the said yearly Rents, shall be payable to and received by such Rector, or the Executors or Administrators of the deceased Rector respectively, to the Day of his Cdfion, Resignation, Removal, or Death, as the Case may be; and that as well all Arrears of such Rents respectively, as the resptclive Proportions thereof from the last Quarterly Day of Payment, may and shall, at any Time within One Year after the Cession, Resignation, Removal, or Death of any Rector, be recoverable in like Manner by such Rector, or the Executors or Administrators of the deceased Rector respectively.

Annual Rents

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ^Trtioiied^in an^ for the Owner or Owners for the Time being of all or any Part of the the Estates said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and

Grounds

46° GEORGII m.-'Gttp.rtS,

Grounds which shall be severally charged with the Did yearly Merits upon a Division thereof respectively, either by Sale of otherwise (except by Lcaie at Rack Kent) to apportion and charge each Division, or Part of the said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds so divided, with a due and fair Proportion of the yearly Rent charged thereon respectively, having Regard to the Quantity and Value thereof; and the Power herein-befo-e given and provided for the Recovery jof the said yearly Rents, shall nevertheless continue and remain over the whole of the Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and‘.ancient i'ndofed Lands and Grounds charged with any such Rent, until such Division thereof and Apport.onmencfiidl be made known to the said 'Rector and lu§ Successors, by a Notice in Writing signed by the several Proprietors, ddfcribing and letting forth the Homefleads, Gardens, Orchards, abd ancient me Idled Lands ana Grounds, and the yearly Rent to be changed on'each Division, which Notice shall be delivered to the said Re&oPaml his Succt(Tors, if redding in the said Parish of Atopthill* ^and Pf nct, to the Curate of the said Parish, who shall transmit the same to such Reccor, and until a Duplicate of such Notice shall be delivered to die Register of the Archdeacon of Bedford or his Deputy, which Officer shall duly recdTd Or register the Duplicate of such Notice (for which a Sum not exceeding Twb Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid) \ and a Copy of such Duplicate, to be signed by such Officer (for which Copy Twb Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be paid) shall at all Times be deemed and taken to be legal Evidence thereof j and from and after such Notice, and a Duplicate thereof shall be delivered and registered as aforesaid, the Power herein-before given and provided for recovering the said yearly Rents, shall no longer, as to^ny such apportioned Rent, extend to the Whole of the Homefleads, Gardens, "Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds originally charged therewith, but each Division of the Rent shall be charged and recovered as a separate and distintt Rent, upon and out of the Lands and Hereditaments in relpefl of whkh the same shall be apportioned; provided, that by no such Apportioment or Division of any of the said Rents, any less Renr cr annual Sum than Five Shillings be in any Case made payable to the said Recror.

XVIII. And, in order to facilitate the future regulating the said yearly Rents, and to prevent any Difficulty to the said Rector and his Successors, by the Division of any such Estate by Sale or otherwise j be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made Two complete Schedules or Descriptions of each and every such Estate, with the Name oj’ the Owner thereof, the exact Measurein Acres, Roods, and Perthes, the yearly Rems issuing out of each such Estate, and the Quantity of Wheat which is to govern each of the said Rents respectively, and such other Requisites as shall be judged proper and necessary by the said Commissioners', to render every Measure respecting the said yearly Rents clear and plain in future, One of which Schedules or Descriptions shall be annexed to the said Award, and the other signed by the said Commissioners, and deposited in the Office of the Archdeacon of Bedford.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set our, allot, and award unto the Rector, Churchwardens,- and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of AmptkiH aforesaid, and their Successors for the Time being, in one or

V:2l I

c (urged therewith, becoming the Property of different Persona.

Commissioner* to make Schedule of all the Estatet in the Poiito.

Albtmer.t to the Foor of Amptbill.

22 IJ

46° GEORGII in Cap. no.

snore Allotment or Allotments, such Part or Parts of the said Warretlj bid Amptbill Hfarren, not exceeding in the whole Sixteen Acres, as to them shall appear the most proper for the Purpose of Small Gardens, and of prodiicing a Supply ot Fuel for the Poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Amptbill \ and which said Allotment or Allotments, when set out and all tted, shall be vetted in the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Overferrs of the Poor of the Parish of Amptbill aforesaid, and their Successors for the Time being for ever, in Trust, for the Benefit of such poor Inhabitants in Amptbill aforesaid, and shall be under and subject to such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as they the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseeds, or their Successors for the Time being, trthe major Parc of them, shall think proper and just, and shall from T.me to Time establish 5 and that it shall not be lawful for any Person whom!.ever, from and after the letting out and allotting the said Allotment or Allotments, to cut, dig, pare, get, or carry away any Turf, Soil, Sod, Furze, or Fuel, tn, upon, or from the same, or any Part thereof, without the Licence and Confenc in Willing of the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers, or the major Part of them, under their Hands first had and obtained (which they the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered to grant, under such Regulations and Restrictions as they shall think proper to insert therein); and it any Person shall, after the setting cut and allotting the said Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, cur, dig, pare, get, or carry away any Turf, Soil, Sod, Furze, or Fuel, in, upon, or from the same, or any Part thereof, without such Licence as aforesaid, or having obtained such Licence shall act in any IVlanner contrary thereto, or to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Re-llricrions established by the said Trustees,or the major Part of them, every such Person being convicted thereof (either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Bedford, not being interested therein, and which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer, and to I’ummon the Person complained of, and also cosummon before him and examine any Witness or Witnesses relative to the said Complaint) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum of Money as the said Justice shall order and direct, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds; and it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the said Penalty to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person offending (Demand thereof having been first made) rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Clurges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels when required; and such Penalty when paid or levied, shall be applied by the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers, or the major Part of them, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said poor Inhabitants in Amptbill aforesaid, in such Manner as they shall deem proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalty shall nor be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Bedford, there co remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such penalty and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and facisfied.

46- GEORGII III. Cap. no.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, as Lord of the Manor of Ampthill aforesaid, and the said John Earl of Upper OJfory as Lessee as aforesaid, such Part or Parts Of the Commons and Wie Lands (the said Warren, called Ampthill War-ten, only excepted) hereby dtre&ed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-twemirrh Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be in lieu of and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for all Right of Soil therein.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotment to they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award unto jj1* a"*J and f ir the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and the said John Earl of Upper ofibry for OJfoty as Lessee as aforesaid, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Warrea Warren called Ampthill Warren, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, R‘s t9* and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be considered and deemed to be equal in Value to One-third Part of so much of the said Warren as shall remain after the said Roads, Ways, and Drains, and Allotments for Stone, Sand, Gravel, Marie, Clay, and Mortar Pits, and to the said John Hawkins as Rector as aforesaid, and to the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers, in Trust, for the Poor of Ampthill shall be deduded therefrom for their Right of Warren in and over the fam£.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in Allotment of the next place set out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the Lands the R*Gdue« and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto, between, and amongst the several ether Proprietors of and Persons interested

therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a just Compensation and Satisfaction for their several and respective Lands, Grounds, and Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein.

XXIIF. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments herein- Fencing of Btfore directed to be set out and allotted to the said John Hawkins and his Tytiw Aliota; Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, shall be respectively inclosed and fenced AUotmtnr. on all Parts or Sides, where Fences shall not be directed by the said Com- to the hour missioners to be made and maintained by any Proprietor or Proprietors of adjoining Land, with Ring or Outermost Fences and Ditches, and Quick-set Hedges guarded on both Sides with proper and substantial Posts and Rails s and the said Allotments to the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and their Successors, as Trustees for the Poor, shall likewise be fenced in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, by and at the Expence of such of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or which shall be exonerated from Tythes (except the said John Hawkins as Rector as aforesaid, and the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Overfe'ers, and their Sue- j Ctffirs, as Trustees for the Poor) in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and that the said Allotments to the Reftof shall, for the Space of Seven Years next after the same shall be properly made, he preserved, repaired, and maintained by and at tha Expence of all or such of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and in such Manner anti ’ [Lee. fcf fVr.J 2$ B Proportions

2213

Allotment to the King as Lord of the Manor, and to the Earl of Upper Offory as Lessee in Right of Soil.

I

I

2214-

arid of oilier A1 otiEcnis.

The ReAor

not to le.'iir

hi. AHor-incut without the

Comlent

Proprietor*

bffow the Ew«|ii)i of the ^x'vnri,' or.d then

Common, fe. Pjoperty.

-Ixchargej.

46° GEORG 11 HR Ctip.no.

Proportions as the said Cprppii/Hon^ (halhordijr and direct; and the said CommissijQne s shall so ,< u', appoint, and award tuch Boundary Hedges, Di ches, and Fences* ..far, the dividipu and in*, iofing the federal other Allotments to be made by y>r.ue ofthkAfil, a* they (half, deep? necessary; and the said Hedg s, l)hche\, and Ffc^cs shall be uv%dc, and at all Times hereafter m i ta ned and kept in Ktp^ir, ty, andi^t t£eLxp<,nce of such of the lalo Pipprietors whom f^h fences ifialbrrfpfcftively^f* plotted, or i.i.ected to belong, wjihin such rirrje^ and in Jij.ch jVIpnner and Proper trons, as the said C^tnmiinopers fb. Uk by rhdrrAjward or any other Writing mul tfic.r H. nefy, awa^, oi’dqr,cijrecol :or appoint i snd the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners in th <t Behalf, (h ill be binding and co-nejulive to she several Parties, so infecufted in and ergiyjcd

to fucu Shares and Ajljimentt as aforesaid* ;:

XVIV,. Provided aUva\s, and bedt.further enacted, That no Lease or Levies Jh4i bt m.idc by vi.tuepf t he said recited Act, of ar.y of the Lanas a ;d-.Qfog'\cjls hereby di-ecp'd.to be divided, allotted, and inclostd, apd. which Jbaft have been allotted to the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time Vi ng* in R ght of his Rectory, without the C^mfeat of the K^ipg’f. muff Ex^ ilem Majesty, as. Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church'of. Amphiti, ufureLiJ, lhyll l]ave bccji ffrflt had and obtained thereto. ,

XXV. And be it further enacted, Thatir shall and may be lawful/ar. any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments pnbtror by virtue of this Act, to give* grant, bargain, fell, demile, limit, convey, enfeoff, assure^ and oil} ofe of the fame, for all or any Part oftjtif*. her,.or their, I-(late or Interest theieinoi Right thereto, at any Ti ne before the Execution of the Award of the said Gwmm.ffioners\ and every such Gif, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Deinife, Limitation, Fcoffm;nj, and Difyofuion thereof, as v eil by W ill as-any other Conveyance a ,d Aflarance, shall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and also rh t it shall and may be la wful for any of the Owners or P.opi ictors of any Common R*ghtor Interest upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed co be d v;dtd, allotted, and tnclosed, to;sell and dispose of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be ma,de and fee out in: respret thereof by virtue of this Act, separatrly and distinctly from the Estate in Right of which he or she is entidtd to the fame, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award 5 and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to award all and every such Allotment or Allotments which shall be so fold and disposed of, or be made and fee out in lieu of any Right of Common or Interest lb sold or disposed of, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Dilpofuion.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the hid Commissioners to fetour, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, o Hereditaments whatsoever within the said P-irish of Amptbill^ in lieu of and in Exchange for ary other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specined, and declared j in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with thf Conferu of j the Owner o» Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements,

or

.'46* GEORG&II WW (€kp. i id. '221$

or Hereditarr en's which'(hill be so exchi it gets, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or PrO.pricrors (hill he a B dy or B al es Politick,

Coipor te, or Collegia tie. or a Tenant or Tenants m Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Curtesy < England* or t >* Years detern.mable on any L ‘e or Lives, or w h the Content of the Guardian'vTrijffc Feoffcts for charitable «of o’her Use ( r the major Parr of such Trtlftees respectiv 1.) or the Hafb.incs, Comrriiitces, or At or.iie*= < f« T asti ig fir any fu: h P oprierofs or Owners a< aforesaid, who, at the Time of making Inch Ev hang- o Exchanges, shall be respectively I'.t n's. Feres Covert, Lun t ck^, < r under any other legal Disabilhv, or WiiO th 11 be be\ord the Sea , or otherwise disabl-d to act for themselves, himself, or heitelf, such Con rnt to be ttftifi d by Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other co-.fenting Ptrtes respectivelyi and all and every Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and 1‘urposes whatsoever: Provided rieverthclers, thar no Exchange shall be made of any L.nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical B-nefice, withour the Confenr, ttftihed as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands shall be fuuate.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Cod', Charges, and Ex- Bywhomth* pences attending the making and Completing1 of any Exchanges or Par- EwTange^or titions to be made under or by virtue of this or the Paid recired Act, shall partition* are be paid,borriepand defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges to bepaul. or Partitions (other than Exchanges by the Rest r of the said Parish) in such Manner, at such Times* and in such Shares and Proportions as the . laid Commissioners shall order and direct; and the same shall and may be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed or referred to for Recovery of the Co(b, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a’l Inclosures within the said , Parish of Ampthill, belonging to Two or more distinct Proprietors, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Lands and Grounds directed to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act; and that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed or adjudged to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Deed, Will, or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person having any Right or Claim of Dower, J linture, Annuity, Debt, Charge, Incumbrance, or Interest whatsoever, in, out cf, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamcr ts hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or which shall be exchanged or assigned in Compensation for any other Estate or Right in purfeance of this or the said recited Act respectively; but as well the Lands allotted, as the Tenements and other Hereditaments which shall be exchanged or assigned in Compensation for any other Estate or Right, shall, immediately after such Allotment, Exchange, or Assignmenc shall be made, be vested, remain, and cnuie; and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, assigntd, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall thenceforth (land and be (tiled and pofflffed thereof respectively, to, for, ?nd upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Interefb, Trusts, and Purposes respectively, and subject and liable to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, and Remainders, Conditions, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the several Land*:, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in resptft whereof such Allotments,

Alignments,

Inclosur et belonging to

one Proprietor to be also: table; and Will* and Seltlementi not to be af« felted,; id Lands allot-

?2t6 46° GEORGII III: Cap. Ho.

Alignment?, and Exchanges shall have been made, should or would have Hood severally limited, settled, vtfted, or subject or liable to, or been held by, in case the fame had not been allotted, assigned, or exchanged, and this Act had not been nude and passed.

JWes to be irnde wlic e Sh ep a-e kt?,-r in the lacb'ures.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or L&mbs shall be turned or kept in any Allotment or Allotments to be made by v*riue of this Act, cjuring the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the ^i fog or Pc' Mis so turning dr keeping the lame, shall first, at his, her, or tnftr own E,\pence«, m kc and maintain a Fence Efficient to guard the young Quick Fences (ound such Allotment or Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by luchlShecp or i jambs, whether such Quick Fences be planted or set by th&Ownrr cx Owners, O.cupier or Occupiers such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Owners, Occup er or Obcuriers of the All tmentor Allotment adjoining the fame; and, the Person or Person*. who shall turn-such Sh-pp r Li tibs into any of the said Allotments,* not having fi ft well-and Efficiently guarded all fuih Qui k Fences as aforesaid, shall pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding, the Sum of Five Pounds, as (h ill be adjudged apd determined by any one of His Majesty's Justicbs of the Peace for the said County of Bedford, not interested therein, the fame, to be recovered, and levied in the fame Manbek* as irhereih direiffed rdp^ding the Penalty for the cutting, of Turi, i u 1

ra pr*ve«t , XXX. be it further enacted, That it shall not he lawfbl for any furs, person or Persons whomsoever, from and, after thejpaffing of this Act, to cut, dig, pare, or carry away any Turf, Sod, Furte, or Fuel, in, upon, or from the said Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said Commissioners in Writing under their Hands first had and obtained (which Licence the said Commissionersiaie hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions as they shall think proper) j and if any Ptrfun (halt, sifter, the pacing of this Adf, cut, dig, pare, or carry away any Ttrrf> Sod* Furze, or Fuel, in, upon, or from any Part of the said CommPnabk Lands, Common Warren, and Walt? Lands, without such Licence as aforesaid,' or having obtained such Licence shall act in any Manner; contrary thereto, or to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions therein contained, every such Person being convicted thereof (either by his, her, or their own Confession or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the said Courtly of Bedford, not being intcreiled in the said Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Lands, and which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized to aduiinifter, and to Emmon the Person or Persons complained of, and also to summon before him and examine such Witness-or Witnesses relative to the said Complaint) thall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Suth of Money as the spiti Justice shall direct, not exceeding Fiye Pounds *, and it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to aqy Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the said Penalty to be raif^d a*id kvi?d. by-Distrsfe 4nd Sale of the Goods and Chattels Of the Person offending (Demand thereof having been first: made) rendering the Overplus (if any) after dftUjft'ing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to,the Owner of such Goods and Chattels when required j and such: 1. . . . Penal*

22X7

40° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Penalty when paid or levied, Thai! he applied by ’.he said Commissioners to the Purposes of this Act; and in cate lofficier.c Dili rest shall n- c be found, and such Penalty shall roc be f rtinvth paid, it shall be lawful for such Justi'c, and he is hereby authoriz.-d and required, by Wairanc under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House ot Cor region f the fad Ccuaty of Bedford, there to remain, without Bail nr Mainprizr, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That until such Division and Allot- Commons to^ ment shall be made and completed as aforesaid, the said Commonable cai miifion- Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Lands, hereby intended to be divided, ers iiuii allotted, and indotedj shall be flecked with such Cattle only, in such Pro- l,irccCt" portion-, and for and during such Periods of Time, and under and subject to f’uch O'ders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf, order, direct, and appoint, notwithstanding any Usage or Custom to the contrary; of which Older and Direction so to be made. Ten Days Notice at ltaft shall be given, by affixing the fame on the principal outer Door of the Panfh Church of Amp thill aforesaid; and that no Pasture or Sward Ground, Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and iucloied, shall, from and after the pilling of this Act, and before the making and completing of such Divili n and Allotment, be ploughed, broken up, or converted into Tillage or Garden G.ound, without the Content of the said Commissione-s, and every Ptrfof offending therein shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Offence against any Order or Regulation of the said Commissioners, for or respecting the flocking such Ground, and the like Penalty for every Perch of Past-ire or Sward Ground which shall, without the Content of the said CommiliioiKr , be ploughed, broken up, or converted into Tillage, which Penal y shall be recovered by Dill refs and Sale, and applied in like Manner as the Penalty or Penalties for cutting Turf is and are he rein-before directed to be recovered and’ applied; and every Jull.ce before whom any Person ot Prisons shall be convicted by virtue of this Act, shall came the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form or to the like Life ft

« one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Bedford. of [here spedfy the Offence, and Tune when the fame was committed'] against the Form uf ihe Statute passed in the Forty-fixrh Year of the Reign of King George ibe Thrd, intituled, \ferc infer t thf Title of this ActJ. Given under my Hand and Seal.'

And no such Conviction shall be removed or removable by Writ or Writs oi Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process, into H.s Mjj city's Court of Kind’s bench, or any other of His Majesty's Courts.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said coirmifiior

c dE it remembered, That on the D Day of ir

in the Year of our Lord is convicted before me

A.B. of

2218 46° GEORGII III. Cap.no,

iii'^usof ihf? *n ^C^cret’ion fljaH judge convenient, before the Execution of cvnmonbe- their Award, by Notice in Writing as aforesaid, to suspend or totally < r-LII of the ext'n£U1^ or any Part of the Rights of Common or other Commonable Award. Rights or Interests in, over, and upon al! or any Part of the said Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and W;.fte Lands, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed y and from and after such Notice given, all such Right of Common, and other Commonable Ktghft and Imereits in, over, and upon the said Commonable Land;, Common Warren, and Waste Lands, or such Part thereof a.; by such Notice shall be directed to be lulpended or.excinguished, shall cease and be extinguished or suspended accordingly.

Com«i5ffion-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall erRu^toake and may icour and widen all ancient Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Warer-tatns, courses, Tunnels, and Bridges in the said Parish of Amptbill; and also shall and may Irt out such new Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses,- Tunnels, Watergate*, Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as also in, over, and through any ancient Inclosures or other Lands and Grounds in the Parish of ithplhill aforesaid, of such Breadth and Depth, and in such D.rections as the said Corr.missioners shall think proper, making a Compensation for the fame, and the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby directed, in and by their said Award, to order and direct by whom, at whole Expcr.ee, at what Time, and in what Manner, the said Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Bank*, and Bridges shall be made, and thereafter cleansed, scoured, and maintained.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, Thar the Award to be made by the said Comm fhoners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Acr, shall be depolned in a Tin Box in the Church Cheif of Amptbill aforesaid, and a Copy thereof made and delivered to the said Earl of Upper OJJory»*or h‘s Use as Lord of the said Manor of Amptbill.

RCak Kent

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall xobe voj", Co and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall so think fir, far as they re- to declare and make void, all and every or any Lease or Leases, Agreement o/con^,glt or Agreements for any Term or Terms of Years, or holding from Year to mon, and Year, or at Will or at Rack Rent now subsisting, so far as the fame relate madeCom* to l^e Right of Common of Pastureor other Commonable Interests only of mi Hi oner* such Tenant or Tenants, of all or any Part of the Linds and Grounds think fit. hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, and to adjudge and determine such Satisfaction as to them shall appear reasonable, to be made to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, and to adjudge and determine when and by whom such Satisfaction shall be made.

XXXVI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes wherein the said Commissioners shall not think fit to vacate such Leases or Agreements respectively as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for all and every such Lessee or Lessees at Rack Rent as aforesaid, upon the Raking out of the several intended Allotments, to hold and enjoy such Lands and Grounds as shall be allotted in lieu of hi.c, her, or their former Right of Common* for and during such Time and Terms of Years as he, she, or they then h^d or have or or upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for or

in

46° GEORGII III. Cap.n^ 2219

in Ttfptft: of which such. Allotments. fh.ffl be made, then to come and unexpired, upon paying such iurther advanced Kent to the Lcfiors or Landlords therrof, as the said Commissioners shall think real unable between Landlord and Tenant, and by Wri.ing under their Hands direct or appoint, and which said advanced Kent shall be paid at such Times and in such Manner to the respective Lessor or Lcfiors, as she original Kent was agreed or rtipuiated to be paid; and such Lessor or Lessors shall have such Powers and Remedies for the recovering and obtaining such additional Rent together with the original Kent, as he, she, or they would ha e had, or was or were entitled to have had for the recovering and obtaining the said original Kent, in case this Act had not been made and passed.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in B-nefmi this Act contained shall extend to vacate or make void any beneficial Lease or Leases of or from any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the said Parish of Amptbill^ to any Person or Persons w horn foe v e r *, but the Pdson or Persons entitled to such beneficial Lease or Leases, shall and may hold and enjoy such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made in lieu or in respect the.eof, for the Term or Terms, and under and subject to the fame Rents, Covenants,* and Agreements as are created; specified, or contained in his, her, or their respective Lease or Leases, of or from such Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or otherwise, to him, her, or them respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and CommhTion. their Clerk shall defray their own Expences at all Meetings; and that the several Proprietors, their Attoinies and Agents, shall also pay their own Expences. Expences when they.or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further ehaded. That all Monies which shall be imereti to he advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Ert-

pences of obtaining or carrying this Act into Execution, fhdl be repaid, vanced. with Interest at the Rare cf Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to such Person or Persons* out of the firfc Monies to be raised under and by virtue et this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the Commissioners hereby appointed and to lx; appointed as aforesaid, and to the X'leik to the said Commissioners, as a Recompence for his P ..ins and Trouble and Expences therein respectively, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for each Day he shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending any Meeting or adjourned Meeting, or ocher-wife in the Execution of this Act j and that the fame, together with all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of forming, making, and completing the Roads, Ways, and Drains to be set out by virtue of this or the said reeited Ad, and the Costs audChargts of passing this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing^ and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided* allotted, and inclosed, and of surveyirg, admeasuring, planning, and valuing the Home Heads, G-irdens, Orchard*, and ancient Inclosed Lands and Grounds in Awphill aforesaid,

and

CUrk-s Allowance, and oih*r Expen-

2220

46° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

and of preparing and inrolling ;he Award of the said Commissioners, and all other theneceflary Cods, Charges, and Expences of the said Commifimn-ers, their Alii Hones, and other necessary Colls, Charges, and Expences of the frveral Persons to be employed by them in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and ali other Expences of carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, shall be b jrne, paid, and defrayed by all the Proprietors and Owners of Efhtes and In tc re Its in the Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and ir.cloled, and whole Property shall b~ exchanged or exonerated from Tythes by vittiip of this or the Paid recited Act (save and except the said John Hawhins, inrefped of the Allotments to be made and Rents to be assigned to him as Rector as aforesaid; and the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers m Trull for the Poor of the said Parish of Amptbiil, for the Time being, in respect of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to them in Trull as aforesaid; in such. Shares and Proportions, and fbpjl. be paid to, such Person or Persons, and at such Time or 'Limes, and in fuel) Manner as the said C mrmflionets shall, in and by their said Award or by any other Writing under their Hands, either previous to or after the Execution of their said Award, o der, aired, or appoint*, and in case any such Proprietor or Proprietors Hull refule or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, or Shares or Proportions of such Costs, Charge^, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case the lame shall and may be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the said reciCed Ad.

Land may’ be <i ducted from A>lo>

and n,ay be *1 lotted to Persons pay-

XLT. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Requell of any of the Owners or Proprietors‘of the Lunds and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or of any Common or other Right or Interred therein (except the said Rector) whether leifed in Fee, or being Tenants in Tail, or for ‘Life or Lives, or for any Number of Years, determinable on a Life or Lives, or for any other determinable Estate or Interest, or at the Rtjquest of the respective Husbands, Guardians, TrufEcs, Committees, Agents, or Attornies of or for any such Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or for the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Agents, or Attornies, or of the Trustees for any charitable or publick Uses, or the major Part of them respectively, to deduct from the Value and Amount of the Allotment or respective Allotments of such Owner or Owners, by whom or on whose Behalf such Request shall be made as aforesaid, so much as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal to the Share and Proportion, or respective Shares and Proportions, of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf any such Rtquelt shall be made, of the Charges and Expences of passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution; and to allot and divide the Land and Value lo deducted to and araongst such of the Owners and Proprietors as shall by the said Commissioners be charged with, and shall pay such Charges and Expences in Proportion to the Sums they shall respectively pay or contribute thereto: Provided that it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, upon any such Reqipeft as aforesaid, and upon Payment by the Person or Persons making such Request of his, her, or their full Proportion of such Costs and Expences,-to allot to the Person or Persons respectively, by whom or in whose Behalf such Request and Payment shall be made, his, her, or their Heirs and

A Signs,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Assigns, the Land which (hill have been so deducted , and the Person or Persons respectively to whom any such Allotments shall be made and awarded shall be and become Ceiled thereof of an absolnre Estate in Fee Simple, freed and discharged from all former Titles, Charges, and Incumbrances; provided that every loch Request as aforesaid shall be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioners at one of the Meetings for carrying this Act into execution, to be holden previously to their allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed.

XLII. And be it further rnafted, That Edward Platt of Lidling.'tn, in the said County of Bedford, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed Auditor of the Commissioners Accounts; and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, then some other fit and proper Person, not ioterested in the Premises, shall be appointed Auditor for that Purpose, by the major Part in Value of the Proprietors of the Linds and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in like Manner as is herein-before provided for the Appointment of a new Commissioner in the Place of the said Joseph Poiufey, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion lhatl require; and the Accounts of the said Commissioners, containing a true Statement of all Sums by them received or expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences, and their Assistants and Persons employed by them in the Execution of this Act, shall, once in every Year from the passing of this Act, until such Account shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined by the feme Auditor, and the Balance by him (fated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the Paid Commissioners; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parlies concerned or valid in Law, unless tile fame shall be duly allowed by the said Auditor as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are hereby or by the said recited Act directed to be final, binding, or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Issue at Law is herein-before directed to be tried) such Person or Persons may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the said County of Bedford, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned. Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and the Matter thereof j and the Justices, not interfiled in the Premises, at such Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Colts, as they shall think reasonable, and by their Ordtr or Warrant to levy the Colls which shall be awarded, by Di ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party and Parties liable to pay the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distrds and Sale; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Panics concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by [Lee t? Per.'} D Certiorari

2231

Auditor.

Appeal;

42 2 2

General

Baying.

Declaring

Ftablick.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Certiorari, or aay other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lyestminster or elsewhere.

XLIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except such Rights of the Crown as shall be compensated for under and by virtue of this Act, and the several Persons to whom any Allotments of Land or other Compensation shall be made by Authority of this or the Paid recited Act in respect of such Interest or Property for which such Allotments or Compensation shall be made; and except such other Rights and Interests as the intent and Purpose of the Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by this Act) all such Estates, Rights, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them could or might have had or enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had not been made and paired.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahah, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»*Js -

Cap. hi.

An A<fi for extinguishing all Right of Common over certain Parcels of Land in the Parish of Chifeoich, in the County of Middlesex.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire is Owner or Proprietor of certain Pieces or Parcels of Land within the Parish of Chiswick, in the County of Middlesex, commonly called Half-year or Lammas Lands, and known by the Names and containing by Admeasurement the Quantities herein-afeer mentioned, that is to say, Dicky Mead containing Nine Acres and One Rood; the Two Slips containing respectively Eight Acres and Three Roods, and Seven Acres and Three Roods j the Three Thames Meadows containing respectively Eleven Acres and One Rood, Four Acres and Thtee Roods, and Three Acres and One Rood j Corney Meadow containing Nine Acres; and the said Duke is or claims to be Owner or Proprietor oj[ a Piece of Land in the Field called Chiswick Field, Fourteen Acres and Two Roods, which said fcvetal Quantities amount together to Sixty-eight Acres and Two Roods: And whereas the Reverend James Trebeck, as Vicar of the said Parish of Chis-wick, claims to be entitled to some Portion of the said Piece of Land in Chiswick Field, and it is alleged that some other Portion of the said last-mentioned Piece of Land, or some Kent issuing out of the fame, belongs to the Poor of the said Parish of Chiswick, or to some Person or Persons in Trust fur the Poor of the same Parish: And whereas the Owners and Occupiers cf Lands and Tenements wi'hin the said Parish are, in respect ILcc. fc? Per.'} 25 E of

2 226

*->1US o Common to bt extin-gmflitd.

For paying a Rent

Charge to

the church-

Orerleers of the P.> r o it of the Lands upon which the Right of Com.non shall be extinguished.

4.5° GEORGII III. Cap. in.

of such Lands and Tenements, entitled or claim to he entitled to certain-Righ'S of Common in and over the said Pieces or Parcels of Land from the Twelfth Day of August in each Year to the Thirteenth Day of February in the then next following Y. ar, he ng from Lammas to Candlemas, Old Style: And whereas the said William Duke of Devcnshire is also Owner or Proprietor of a Piece or Parcel of Arable Land in the said Parish of Chiswick, called Warren Wall Field, containing Twelve Acres or thereabouts, and also of another Piece or Parcel of Arable Land in the same Parish called Sheep Leys, containing Twenty Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the said Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Chiswick are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common from the Time the Crop is carried off the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land until the lame are sown again: And whereas the Extinguishment of all such Right of Common as aforesaid on the said Lands would be of Advantage not only to the said Duke, and the other Proprietors thereof, if any, but also to the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Tenements entitled to the said Right of Common, if a proper and adequate Compensation were made for the fame; and the said William Duke of Devonshire is willing to take upon himself the Whole of such Compensation; but as such Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it cr.acted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act all Rights of Common in, upon, or over the said several Lands and Grounds, or any of them, shall cease, determine, and be forever extinguished to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately r after the passing of this the present Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Chiswick aforesaid, and their Successors Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, for ever, shall and may have, receive, and take one perpetual Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of One hundred and seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be issuing, payable, had, received, and taken by, from, and out of all and singular the said Linds and Grounds (except the said Lands in Chiswick Field) with the Appurtenances, and which said Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge shall be paid and payable to the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Chiswick aforesaid, and their Successurs at or in the Porch of the Parish Church of Chiswick aforesaid, by Four equal Quarterly Payments cn the Twenty-ninth Day of September, the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, free and clear of and from all Rates, Taxes, Charges, Assessments, and Impositions whatsoever, now taxed, charged, or imposed, or hereafter to be taxed, charged, or imposed upon the said Lands and Grounds,or any Parc thereof, or upon the said Annuity or Yearly Rene Charge, or any Part thereof, or upon the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of che Parish of Chiswick aforesaid, or their Successors, for or in respect of the lame; the Eirft Quarterly Payment thereof to be made on the Twenty-ninth Day of September now ntxe ensuing.

4.6° GEORGII in Cap. ill,

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Quarterly Payment of the said Annuity or Yearly Rene Charge shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Twenty Days after any of the said Days of Payment whereon the fame is hereby appointed to be paid as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Chiswick aforesaid, and their Successors, into and upon the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, to enter and distrain for all Arrears of the fame Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge, and the Distress and Distresses then and there found to take, lead, drive, carry away, and impound, and in Pound to detain and keep, or otherwise to sell and dispose of, according to due Courffc of Law, until or so that they the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and their Successors, shall be thereby or otherwise fully satisfied and paid, the said Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge and all Arrears thereof, and all Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences occasioned by the Non-payment thereof, at the Days and Times herein-before appointed for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Quarterly Payment of the said Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Thirty Days after any of the said Days of Payment whereon the fame ought to be p iid as aforesaid, then and in such Case, and when and so often as the same shall happen (although no formal Demand shall have been made of the fame), it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Chiswick aforesaid, and their Successors, into and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby charged with the said Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge, or any Parr thereof, in the Name of the Whole to enter, and the same to have, hold, 3nd enjoy, and to receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, and of every Part thereof, until they shall be thereby or therewith, or otherwise fully satisfied ami paid, all Arrears of the said Annuity or Yearly Kent Charge, and also lo much of the said Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge as shall ircur and grow due while they shall continue in Possession of the said Lands and Grounds so charged as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, after such Entries as aforesaid, together with all Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences which shill be occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof at the Days and Times herein-before appointed for that Purpose, which Possession when taken shall always be without Impeachment of Waste.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Perpetual Annuity or Yes'ly Rent Charge of One hundred and (even Pounds Fourteen Shillings hereby limited to the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Chiswick, and their Successors as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time upon the Receipts thereof be applied and disposed of by them for or towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish of Chiswick, in such and the same Manner as the Rates for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor are by Law directed to be applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences

of applying for ana obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid and discharged by the said William Duke of Dsvonshire, his Heirs, Executors, or 5 Administrators:

2227

Em peering

the Church-

Ovfrhrers to dittrain for Rent Charge in Cafes of

of 2 o Day $ j

and if unpaid

for 3# Days, then to enter upon and receive the Rents and Profits of the

the fame is fully paid anil lath lied.

Rent Charre to b: asplied for the Relief of the four.

Expence* of the Att to ba paH oy the Duke of De-vonftiire; and the Act not to

2228 46° GEORGII III. Cap. in.

s’ffccttbe Administrators: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall Waite Land* extend to, or be construed to extend to or in any Manner to affect any m biiwic Waste Lands or Grounds within the said Parish of Chifivick,

For s-iving

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing^herein contained

LrSoft,of toall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Rights of the present or any future Manon, Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors wherein the aforesaid Lands are

situate, to any Rents, Services, Courts, and Profits of Courts, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Seigniories or other Royalties (if any) incident or appendant, appurtenanc or belonging to such Manor or Manors respectively (other than and except any Common or Right of Pasturage in, over, or upon the fame), but such Lord or Lords shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy the fame, except as aforesaid, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or ought to have held or enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had not been made.

Ceneral VIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Savin®. and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, and his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and to all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors (other than antfexept the find Duke as the Owner of the Lands and Grounds exonerated from such Right of Common as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, and the Owner or Owners of any Rights of Common in, over, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and all Persons claiming under them, or in Remainder or Reversion after them respectively, in respect of such Rights of Common as aforesaid) all such Estates, Rights, and Interests respectively, as they or any of them have or hath, or could or might have had or claimed in, to, or out of the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be exonerated and discharged from such Rights of Common respectively as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respecthjely, in case this Act had not beeit made.

[Publick Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copj thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESItfO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 112.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Holme Cultram, in the County of Cumberland.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Parish of Holme Cultram, in the County of Cumberland, several Commons, Moors, and Wades, containing together by Eiftimation Six thousand Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas Rowland Stcphenfon Esquire is or claims to be foie Lord of the said Manor of Holme Cultram, and as I'uch is seised of or entitled to the Soil and Royalties of and within or under the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes; and the said Rowland Sttphcnfon, and the Right Honourable William Viscount Lowther, John Thomlinson, and William Glaijler, Esquires, and several other Persons, are Or claim to be entitled to have and enjoy Right of Common in, upon, and over the said Commons, Moors, and Waites, or some of them, in resp;& of, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging to their several Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish: And whereas there is also within the said Manor and Parish of Holme Cultram a certain Common Field, called Colt Park, containing by Estimation One hundred and seventy Acres, or thereabouts, which hath been held and enjoyed by the Lcrd and several of the Tenants of the said Manor in Manner following; (that is to say), for Three successive Years the Lord and several of the Tenants of the said Manor have held and enjoyed the said Common Field in certain specific Parts and Parcels in Severalty, and for Six successive Years afterwards the Whole of the said Common Field hath been used and enjoyed as a Common or Common Pasture by the Owners of Lands therein, £L*c. Ter.] *5 F and

2230

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

and by other Tenants of the said Manor, having Right of Common thereon, and on the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes, and so from Time 10 Time in perpetual Succession: And whereas an Act was passed in the Foity-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act for co*so-Mating in one A cl certain Provijians usually infer ted in Acts of Inchjure, and for facilitating the Mode cf proving the several Faffs usual'y required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the said Rowland Stephenfm, and such fevcrai other Proprietors as aforesaid, are desirous that the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes, Common Field, and other Commonable Lands, shall be divided and inclosed, so as that specific Shares thereof may be allotted to them in Severalty, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effectually completed and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Commission- the fame, That Rowland Fawcett, of Scaleby Cojile in the County of Cum-er* aPl,olnted* lerland, Gentleman, John Norman, of Kirkandrews in the said County, Gentleman, and Jofefb Stud holme t of Saint Nicholas in the said County, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed dommissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and the said Common Field, and ail.other the Commonable Lands within the said Manor and Parish of Holme Ckltram, and for carrying the several Powers of the said recited Act and this Act.intq Execution (save artd except such Parts of the said recited Act as are varied or altered, by virtue of this Act); and all Acts, ^Matters, and Things authorized or dis-efted to be done or executed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act,jmay be done and executed by any Xwoof them, and the fame. shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and strall have the fame Force and Effect, as if such Acts, Matters, ancf Things had been done and executed by all the Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed in ManneT herein mentioned.

Ferappoint- If. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Rowland Fawcett, ISnoners.0"" or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable 6f acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in fvery such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Rowland Stevenson, o'r the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Holme Cultram for the Time being, by any Writing under his, h*ri-o*» their Hartd and Sea), or Hands and Seals, within Forty Days tifrer such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to him, her, or them, by Notice in Writing under the Hands or Hand of the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, to be left at the usual Place of Abode of the said Rowland-St ephtnfon, or the Lord or Lords; Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being, and which Notice such surviving or .-.sting Commissioners or Commissioner are and w hereby required to give or leave, or cause to be given or less as aforesaid, within the Space of Forry Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to such Commissioners or Commissioner, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Dmfi n and Inclo'uje) to be a Commissioner in the Room of Stead of the said Rowland Fawcett,

or

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 112- 223.1

cr of such other Person nominated oj- Appointed in his Room or Stead, ft> j

dying, or Tefufing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and lo from Time to Time, as often as any CommilUnner to be nominated and appointed by the said Rowland Stepbenfon% or by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Holme Cultram for the Time being as aforesaid, fr.all die,:refuse, or become incapable to act as Rich Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and in cult* the said John Norman^ of any Person nominated and appointed a Commi fii oner in his Room or btead, by virtue of this Act, shall die, refit fir, or become incapable to act-ns a Commissionerin the Execution of this Act, then and in such Cafi$ it Jfcail ajwb may be lawful to and for the major Parr in Value (such V^l ie to be^fecr-tained according to the Rare or AlLlT.nent made for the-RelL-f of t.h§

Poor of the said Pjriffi of Holme Cultram for that Yrar) of the O-ypifirs and Proprietors of Lands and H-rediraments within the said Parish of Holme Cu'tra-n (except tbM said Rowland Steplenfon, or the Lord or Lords*

Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being) and of their respective Agents duly authorized for such Purpose, by Wri ing under the respective Hand* of such Owners and Proprietors as aforesaid (except as before xcepted) attending at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Twenty Days Notice in Writing, signed by any Three or more of such Owners or Proprietors (except as aforesaid) fh,dl be

p'ven, by affixing the fame on the Door of the P*»rish Church of Holme Cultram aforesaid, on feme Sunday immediately before D.vine Service, by any Writing under the Hands of such major Part in Value of such Owners and Proprietors (except as before excepted) and Agents as aforesakh within Forty Days after such Death, Kcfufal,jor Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known, by a Notice, in Writing under the Hand of the figgv viving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, and be affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of Holme Cultram aforesaid on. some Sunday immediately before Divine Service (and which last-mentioned Notice such Commissioners or Commissioner are and is.hereby required to give, or cause to to be given, within Twenty Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to them or him) to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended DiviQon and Inciolure) to be a Commissioner in the Room dr S ead of the said John NowwO or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or&rjid? so dying, or refuling or becoming incapable to act, and so IrOm lime to Time, as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by such..Oiftners> and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said Parish of Holme Cultram (except as aforesaid) shall d.e, refuse or become incapable-'toacc in the Execution of this Act; and every Commissioner so 'to he: niQflsiuatod and appointed by the said Rowland Stepbenfen, o.‘ the Lord or Lords,

Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being* dr byffuch'Others ‘ and Proprietors, cr his, her, cr their Agent or Agents as.st:Oreiaidv?ffiaH, after taking the Oath by the said recited Aid: prescribed iivthat Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said rciiteti Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules,

Regulations, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally-nominated a Commissioner in and by this Apr*

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the fJ id Rowland Tf Lord of Stepkenfott, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said "Manor for SoprietJr.^ ihe Tiine being, ortfhc said Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Here- neglect 10 »P.

ditaraents Pomla new

2232

Comroi (Holier within the Time Dre. feriheu, the

nrif!?oner tu make such Appointment.

In case of Death of Joseph Stud-holrte Cora-iniffioneta to

Com-

pe^lectingto

attend

Meeting*, or ne^lrcM* to

qualify at the Pirtt Meeting after hi* Election, to be deemed a Kcruf.il to act.

46° GEORGM III. Cap. 11 2o

oitaments, or any of them respectively, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commissioner, so directed to be nominated and appointed by him and them respectively as aforesaid, within the respective Times for that Purpose limited, and in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he is and are hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, or his Hand, within Forty Days next afrer the Expiration of such respective Times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not inttrefled in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed, shall, after taking the Oath by the said recited Act prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Joseph Studbolw or any Person nominated and appointed a Commissioner m his Room or Stead, by virtue of this Act, shall dre, refuse or become incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Rowland Fawcett and John Norman^ or the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commis-noner, 3nd they and he is and are hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, or his Hand, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division and inclosure) to be aCommissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Joseph Studbolme, or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Rowland Fawcett and John Norman, or the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall die, rtfufe, or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act; and every Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed, shall, afeer taking the Oath by the said recited Act prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act inro Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Commissioner hereby nominated shall refuse or neglect to attend at the First Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying this Act into Execution, and duly qualify himself by taking the Oath by the said recited Act prescribed in that Behalf, or if any such Commissioner shall at any Time after the said First Meeting wilfully absent himself from any of the following successive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, such Meetings being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to

2233

46° GEORGII ili. Cap. its,

ht allowed by the other Commissioners, from attending at such Meetlrig*) or if any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed in Manner by this Act directed, shall not attend and qualify himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act at the First Meeting after his Nomination or Appointment, such Meeting to be appointed by the surviving or remaining Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from any of the following successive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, such Meetings being known to him* either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioners, from attending at such Meetings, then and in every such Case such Absence or Non-attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Nj^e0ff6be they are hereby required to give, or cause to be given, publick Notice in Meetings; the Newspaper called The Cumberland Pacquet, or in the Carli/le Journal,

if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the County of Cumberland, and shall also give Notice in Writing by affixing the fame on the Door of the Parish Church of Holme Cultram on some Sunday immediately before Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting For executing the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, Twenty Days at leaf! before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and all Meetings of the said Commissioners shall be holden within the said Parish of Holms Culiram; and in case Two of the said Commissioners shall noc attend at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, or to which any such Meeting shall be adjourned as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioner who shall attend, and to and for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in calc none of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Ten Days from the Day of such Adjournment, to be holden at the same Place, or at fume other Place within the said Parish of Holme Cultram, as to the Commissioner or Clerk making such Adjournment shall seem rrroft convenient \ and the said Commissioner or Clerk making such Adjournment* is hereby required to give Notice to the abfmt Commissioners Five Days at the lead before the Day appointed for such Meeting*

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other publick No^ Other Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, or in pursuance of the said recited Act, and the £Uc,1‘ Manner of giving which is not hereby particularly directed, shall be given

by Advertistment in the Newspaper called The Cumberland Parquet, or in the Carlisle Journal, if then published, and if not, then in lume other Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Cumberland,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or D:fference CottmufTon* shall arise between any of the Perfom, or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or ers'o<ieier-Coilegiate, who are cr shall be Piopnetors of or interfiled in any of the J*cm.D,*U*

[Loc.id Per.'] 25 G Lands,

2234

Commission-

Power toaf. kfo Colts.

Allowing parties to tr their Kight* by an Issue 3 Law.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 112,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be affected by this Act, touching or concerning the respective: i res, Rights, or Interests which they or any of them have or claim co have in the f me, or touching or concerning any Right of Common, Allotment or Compensation to be made in lieu thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Inclosure, and Allotments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commit fiontrs to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob* jc&ion or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charged shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Calc it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed 10 any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be leviecj by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Per ferns, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whole Goods and Chattels shall have been io distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale,

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons* Bo. y or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested, or claiming to be interested, in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be diffinfefied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby diie&edto be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, then, and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next Assizes, or at the Assizes then next following to be holden for the said County of Cumberland, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be cifTansfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned llfue against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodes Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three

5 Calendar

2235

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions floali, and he,

4he, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attorniet, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the I id Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parries shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions.shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick* Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall fetafide such Verdictor Verdicts, and order a new Trial to behad therein,which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes, and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set 2(ide by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Determination of Determina. the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to thfc SionS* to Soil of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, or of any Rights be final.

of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directfed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, and which Determination shall not be foobjtfted to* or being objected to, such Action or Actions at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in the Manner herein-before for that Purpose mentioned, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Difference, Trial not to Action, Suit, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Dispute, or suspend the Pioceeding, touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- ^Tpoweriof merits* shall impede or delay the said Commissioners in the Execution of the Act. this Act, but the Division and Inclosure hereby dtrtfted to be made

shall be proceeded in, notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action? not Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, for.b.teby such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as parties?

if no such Event had happened.

XIV. And be it further enact-d. That all Encroachments which have Encroach-been made on any Part of the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes (save

and except such as have been enjoyed peaceably and quietly for Forty y'ea!s Jobe Years last pad or upwards, without any Interruption given, and without <ierm=d com* any Rent or Acknowledgement having been paid for the fan e} shall mon* be deemed Part or Parcel of the Commons, Moors, and Wastes to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and Corr.mifllon.

they are hereby authorized and required to determine and adjudge what what

Part or Parts of the Highways and Roars, to be set out and appointed by Townihii* the said Com miff ore r$ by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall ['0,1,1

22^6 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

belong to the fcvrjal Townships or Quarters respectively within the said Parish of Holme Cultram; and the said Commissioners shall, in and by their General Award, order and direct by what Townships or Quarters respectively, within the Paid Parish, such Highways and Roads < all be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair; and when and as soon as such Highways and Roads shall be formed and put into complete Repair, and declared so to be, according to the JDire&iont of the said Act, all such Highways and Roads shall be for ever thereafter maintained, amended, and kept in Repair by the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being of such Townships or Quarters respectively to which such Highways and Road9 shall befo determined and adjudged to belong, in such and the like Manner as ancient and common publick Highways and Roads are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

Commission-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and ers may icour may scour out and widen all such Brooks, Streams, Ditches, Water-roakeDitches C0Ur^sJ Tunnels, and Bridges, within the said Manor of Holme Cultram-, £<. c. ’ and alfo shall and may set out, order, and direct such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges, to be made of such Depth and Breadth, and in such Situation and Direction as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, as well in, through, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as also in, through, and over any ancient Inclosures, or other Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Holme Cultram, or any Part or Parts thereof making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietor* of such ancient Inclosures, or other Lands and Grounds not hereby in-rended to be divided and inclosed, for the Damage done thereby, as they shall judge reasonable; and the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby dirr&ed, in and by their Award, to order and direct by whom and at whose Expence, and at what Time and in what Manner the said Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges, shall be thereafter repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained: Provided always, that no such Brook or Stream shall be diverted or turned without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Pro* prieters of the Lands and Grounds from which any such Brook or Stream shall be diverted, or into which any such Brook or Stream shall be turned.

Allotment of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, the Common in the first; Place, ascertain what Part or Proportion of the said Common Field, called Colt Park, ought to be set out and allotted in respect of and as a Satisfaction for the Lands belonging to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Common Field, and what Part or Proportion thereof cught to be set out and allotted in respect of and as a Satisfaction for the several R ights of Common thereon and after the said Commissioners (halt have ascertained such Proportions as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out and allot the whole of the said Common Field, called Colt Park, unto and amongst all and every the Owners and Proprietors of Lands therein j and after such Common Field shall have been so set out and allotted, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and declare how much and what Parc cr Proportion of the several Allotments in the said Common Field has been set out and allotted to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Common Field entitled to an Allotment out of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands in lieu or in respect of Lands

i«t

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 112. 3237

in the said Common Field, and what Part or Proportion thereof has been . set out and allotted in lieu or in respect of Common Rights in or upon the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes and such of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Common Field, not being entitled to any Allotment cut of the said Commons, Moors, or Waste Lands, shall only be entitled to such a Proportion or Allotment of the said Common Field as shall be a Satisfaction for their respective Lands, and other Rights therein, after the Part or Proportion thereof, so ascertained as a Satisfaction for Common Rights thereupon, shall have been deducted from the said Common Field as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and appoint unto the said common to"

Rowland Stephenfont or the Lord of the Manor of Holme Cultram aforesaid for the Time being, One full Sixteenth Part in Value (Quantity, far the soil.

Quality, and Situation con fide red) of all the said Commons, Moors, and

Wastes so to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, after deducting the publick Carriage Roads, Drains, Watercourses, and Quarries in lieu of and

as a full Compenfacion and Satisfaction for his Right and Interest to the

Soil of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, in Addition to such Sha*re

and Allotment, Shares and Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, and

Waites as shall be assigned and allotted to him for any Right or Rights of

Common, in or over the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes, in respect

of any Messuages, Lands, and Tenements.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such One full Sixteenth Part or The Lord's Share of the Lid Commons, Moors and Wastes, so set out, allotted, and appointed as aforesaid, to the Lord of the said Manor, shall be and be be in the redeemed Part and Parcel of the said Manor of Holme Cultram, and such One Jr°oJjr. Sixteenth Part or Share shall be subdivided into several distinct Plots or tersin Parcels, in Proportion and according to the Value of the several Messuages, ^accord-Land«, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the Lord of the said Manor, ingtothe

in the several Townships, Quarters, or Places within the said Parish, having

Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes, and in which have

shall be allotted and awarded to be in such Townships, Quarters, or Places

respectively accordingly; and such Plots or Parcels respectively so allotted

and awarded, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be Part

and Parcel of such Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively, to

which such Plots or Parcels respectively shall have been so allotted or

awarded.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

may, and they are hereby directed, in the next Place, to set out and ap- 'ny Qu.ur^y poinr unto the said Rowland Stepbenfon, his Heirs and Assigns, Lords of noteg the Manor of Holme Cultram for the Time being, in some convenient Part J°Fa£ 3r or Place within the said Manor ot Holme Cultram, a sufficient Quantity of Land (not exceeding Twenty Acres) of and from the said Commons,

Moors, and Wastes, for the Purpose of keeping a Fair rhereon annually, accorGiigto ancient Custom, and subject thereto the Herbage of the said L-*nd shall belong to, and be enjoyed by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct cr aj poinr.

[>;. iV,] *SH

2238 46° GEORGII m." Cap. 112.

re/taf"*

XXI. And whereas the Lord a'ntt several of the Tenants of the said

PeatMoffes. Manor of Holme Ctiltram are entitled unto and have enjoyed the lole Right of digging Peat upon certain Peat Mosses within the said Manor particularly appropriated for ihat Purpose, and it would be beneficial to the Lord of the said Manor, and the Proprietors of Lands within the same, if the said Peat Mosses, and the Herbage thereof, were to be allotted to the Persons in Possession thereof* be it therefore further enabled. That in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Lord of the said Manor, or any of the Tenants thereof, are entitled to the exclusive Property in any such Peat Mosses, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to set out and allot the same to such Person or Persons accordingly: Provided always, that in the Admeasurement of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions thereof to be allotted to the respective Proprietors, the said Peat Mosses, so to be set out to the Persons entitled to the exclusive Property therein, shall be included and the Herbage of the said Peat Mosses, when so allotted (taking into Consideration such exclusive Rights of digging Peat, as aforesaid) shall be considered and taken as Part of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out to the several Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, having Right of Common in and upon the Commons, Moors, and Waites intended to be divided and allotted under or by virtue of this Act.

A certain Part

XXII. And whereas there is a certain Part of the said Commons, Moors,

nfons* bailed or ^a^es» ca^ed The Marshes, which by reason of the fame being subject: The Mai flies, t o be overflowed by the Sa cannot conveniently be subdivided by Hedges vertedto or ^ences» ^ut wou^ be of Advantage to all Parties concerned that the Stinted Pa?- fame should be converted into a Stinted Pasture, in the Manner and under turc. the Regulations herein-afeer mentioned j be it therefore enacted, Thar the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby directed, in the next Place, to let out and allot, unto and for such of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Maflhes, having Messuages, Lands, or Tenements lying near or contiguous thereto, so much and such Part of the said Marshes as cannot by reason of the fame being subject to be overflowed by the Sea, or other wise, be conveniently subdivided by Hedges or Fences as aforesaid, and the iaine shall be used and enjoyed by such Proprietors and Persons as a Stinted Common Pasture j and the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award ascertain, specify, and decJareVvhat Number of Cattlegates, and Shares of Cattlegates, such Proprietors and Persons interested respectively shall be entitled to have and enjoy thereon; and the said Cattlegates and Shares of Cattlegates, when so set out and allotted, shall be considered and taken as, or as Parr of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out to such Proprietors and Persons interested, in respect of their Messuages, Lands, and Tenements having Right of Common in and upon the Commons, Moors, and Wastes intended to be divided and allotted under this Act $ and the said Commissioners shall also cause such Allotment, (o to be fee out as a Stinted Common Pasture, to be well and sufficiently fenced.

Regulations

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the sSeJm* and for the Proprietors of Cattlegates, or Persons interested in the said Pasture. Stiiued

2239

46° GEO&gll III. Cap. 112.

Stinted Pasture for the Time being^'oi- the iriaj Part in Value thereof, or their respective Agents, Irpm. Time’to Tiqte after the Execution of the said Award of the said Commilf^ners, to make such Rules and Orders in Writing under their Hands, for regulating the Manner of using and occupying such Santed Pasture at all Times of the Year, and of (locking the fame with Cattle, Sheep, Horses, or other Stock, and for limiting and stinting the Number and Kinds of the said Stock, and for limiting the Times and Seasons for flock ng, and such other Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the better Man gement and more convenient Enjoyment thereof respectively, as they reflectively shall from Time to Time think proper, and for the Benefit of all Persons interested therein respectively, according to their respectivt Rights and Interests; and also from Time to Time in like Manner to annul, repeal, and alter all or any of such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and make such others as they shall respectively deem expedient, and for the Benefit of all Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein respectively; and such Rules, Oiders, and Regulations shall from Time to Time be binding upon and observed by all Persons intertfled in the said Stinted Pasture: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, lelfcn, or affect the Right of any of the Copyhold Tenants of the said Manor, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to gee Sods,

Earth, and Flacks upon the said Marshes, for the Reparation of the Sea-banks or Dykes, in, upon, or adjoining the fame, but it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Copyhold Tenants, and other Person or Persons aforesaid, at all Times hereafter to get Sods, Earth, and Flacks, for the Purposes aforesaid, in like Manner as they might have done if this Act had not been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment of and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out and allot in Residue‘ Seve ahy the Residue of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, having any Right or Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any of them, for and on account of their respective MelTunges, Lands, and Tenements within the said Manor, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of his, her, and their feve.al and respective Rights and Interests in such Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds j and such Value shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners by the Addition of Half the actual Value of such respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to Half the Value or Rate of the fame, as the fame respectively are valued or rated by and according to the Rule or Rate known within the said Manor by the Name of Purvey, b. which the Land Tax and County Rates are generally collected in the said Manor:

Provided always, that in case no Purvey is now made for any particular locate no Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the said Manor, and it shall ap- J,"vr*Seca* pear to the said Commissioners that a Purvey or Purveys hath or have been made, formerly made for the said Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, in conjunction with any other Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized

2 240

Lands to be allotted to Cottagers.

Allotments to be in the fame Town-ships, &c. as the ancient Lands.

To set out

publick

Watering

Places.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

riaed and required to divide and apportion such Parts of the Allotments in respect of the said Purvey, between the Proprietors of such Messuages, Lands, or Tenemenrs for which the whole Purvey, and of the other Meffu3ges. Lands, or Tenements, for which no Purvey is now made, according to the best of their Judgement; and in case there are any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements entitled to Right of Common, for which a Purvey is not now nor ever has been made, along with other Meffu ges, Lands, and Tenements, or otherwise, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to allot unto the respective Owners of such Messuages, Lands, or Tenemenrs for which no Purvey is or has been made, such Share and Proportion of the said Moors, Commons, and Wastes, as in their Judgement shall be reasonable for his, her, or their Rights and Incerefts.

XXV. And whereas certain Owners of ancient Cottages, and Scites of ancient Cottages, within the said Manor are entitled to a Right of Common upon the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, but in respect of the Smallness of their respective Properties do not contribute to the said Rate or Assessment called the Purvey; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to make the Owners of such ancient Cottages, and Scites of ancient Cottages, a full and ample Satisfaction and Compensation for their several and respective Rights and Interests, in, over, and upon the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to assign, award, and allot unto each of such Owners respectively, such Quantity of Land as they may think proper, not less than One average Acre of Land, Parcel of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and such Allotment and Allotments shall be made contiguous or as near to their respective ancient Cottages, or Scites of ancient Cottages, as conveniently can be done*, provided that no such Allotment shall be made to the Owner of any Cottage that has been erected within the Space of Sixty Years now last past, nor to any Owner of the Scite of any Cottage on which there has been no Building Handing within Twenty Years now last past, nor in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such Cottage hath heretofore been Parcel of a larger Tenement or Estate exempt from any Payment to the said Rate or Assessment called the Purvey.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made of the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes to be assigned, let out, allotted, and appointed by the said Commissioners at aforesaid, in respect of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, having a Right of Common thereon as aforesaid, shall be deemed or adjudged and taken, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the Township, Quarter, or Place, Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively, wherein the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do lie or are situate, for or in respect of which such Allotments shall be made respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, to set out and appoint any Springs, Ponds, Streams, or Pools of Water, in or upon any of the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes, hereby intended to be divided

11 and

224*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

and inrlofed, as publick Wattring Places, ro be u'.ed by all or a^y of the Persons entitl'd 10 any Allotment of the said Commons, Moors, and Waites, and ro divert and alter lo much of the Course of any Spiings, feir- <ms, or Currents of Water in or upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waites, as they shall think proper (except Mill Races and Water, conveyed or running to any Engines or other Works within any Part of the said Commons, Moors, and Walk Grounds) Fo the conveying ot Water to and for the Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of the several Allotments to be nude as aforesaid, and also for the Benefit of the Owners of any ancient M'-ffuai’e*, Lands, or Tenements within the said Manor and Parish of Holme Cultram.

"XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person mail, during \\> Sheen dr the Space of 1 en Years from the Execution of the said inward, keep or Arte®to be departure, or permit to be kept or depaltuied, any Sheep, Lamb-, or

A fifes in the A'lorments to be made in pursuance of this Act, unless he, to VwMi Ihr , or they shall first effectually fence and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any other Proprietor or Proprietors Iron any Injury or Damage to their Quicksets or new planted Fences, every Person so offending, upon Conviction thereof before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberlandt on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oa h such J.ustice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to adminiltei) llull forfeit and payfot every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the bum of Live Founds, to be levied by Distrcfs and Sile of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal or the Hands and Seals of such Justke or Justke?, at any Time within Three Cal ndar Mon hs next after such Offcrne shall be committed, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand* after deducing the >e fonat’le Costs and Charges of such Warrant, Dill re is, and Sale, to the Person or Pcil* ns whole Goods and Chanel* shall be f»d flruinrd and sold as aforesaid \ and every such Penalty so to be levied shall be paid to the P son or Persons injured.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That MolWfrd no Person or Pnf ns whosoever shall, froth and afeer the p,.fling of this '.« Ad, cur, o*g, grave, fljv, pare, fubv^rt, or carry away any Turfs, a.ul":* Planks, or So'is, or any Part of'he Soil or Surface, in, upon, or from

th laid Commons, Moon, and Wades, or any Part thercot (other than ard xcept the said Rowland SlejJ>enjony his Heirs and Affigris, or his or their Lcflcf' or I enanrs, n the Exercise of the Liberties and Privileges, and n iucn M inner, ai d in such Place or Places as is or arc herein mcn-tio ed). nor nu ke or burn any Mound or Mound?, or Earth or Soil, nor ule any Earth or bod, nor mix any Earth or Sod with Lime or other Thing upon the said Common and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the L ave or Licence of the Did Commissioners, Or any Two of them, in Writing under their Hands first had and obtained lor that Purpdc.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person Or Persons hath Power to fell or have fold, or contracted or agreed to icll, or shall at any Time before

[Lot. & iVr.J 25/ the

3242

GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

die Execution of the said Award fell, or contract or agree to fell, hrs, her, or their Right, Interest, or Property, in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make the Allotment or Allotments of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser, in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or eontraded or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been vested in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid.

The Allot-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Execution

Freehold Awardto be made by the said Commissioners, all Lands and Ground*

rce*° ’ by this Act divided, and allotted, shall be and are hereby declared to be Fieehold Lands and Grounds.

Allotment*

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Allotments to for Property be made and set out by virtue of this Act, in Right of any Property under to be^ out Lease at Rack Rent, for any Term 6f Years not exceeding Twenty-one to the own- Years, shall be allotted and set out to the respective Lessors or Landlords, Biake'com- anc* be held and enjoyed by them, free from all Right and Interest of penfatmn to their respective Lessees or Tenants $ and such respective Leff/rs or Land-their Teaanu. lords, their Heirs and Assigns for the Time being shall make such Abatement out of the Rents reserved by such Leases respectively, on account of the Determination of the Common Rights comprized therein, as the said Commissioners shall judge reasonable, and shall in and by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, ascertain, direct, or appoint.

Allotments to

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be

be fenced. made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, at the Expence of the respective Proprietors to whom Fences shall be allotted or directed to belong, with Quicksets, or in such other Manner, and within such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall by their Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint.

Proprietors

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may ^,cec°ff be 1 awfu 1 to and for the Person or Persons to whom any Plot or Parcel of tiveAUo*C* Ground upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wuftes shall be allotted, men:* before flaked, or set out by virtue of this Act, at any Time after the Expiration IS^ned^with*' Three Calendar Months from the Time that the said Commissioners the content shall have flaked or fee out all the Plots or Parcels of Ground intended to F the Co*.. h.

22^3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

be allotted or awarded in pursuance of this Act, without waiting until the Gentral Award of the said Commissioners shall be executed as aforesaid, to inclose, hedge, or fence Ids and their several Allotments, Plots, or Parcels of Ground so flaked and set out as aforesaid, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners t Provided always, that convenient Gaps and Openings shall (if necessary) be left in the Hedges and Fences of Gap* to he the said Allotments, for the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months next after the said Commissioners shall have staked cr let out the fame by virtue of this Act, for the Passage of Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, in, by, and through such Gaps and Openings, unless the said Commissioners shall order that the same shall be looner fenced, made up, and inclosed.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hered tainents which shall t,. 3-be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall hold his, her, or their tars lKiJ respective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures, or for different xitks* 1 Estates, or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall alcenain

and distinguisti the Lands or other Hereditaments held by or under such respective Tenures, Estates, or Tides, and shall accordingly in their laid Award set out and distinguish distinct and several Allotments for such ic-spective Lands or other Hereditaments.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or fn cak where Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments, which shall be divided, ha h'^den^by allotted, or exchanged by virtue- of this Act, shall hold his, her, or their different respective Lands and Hereditaments, for different Estates, or under dif* JUVhe^ni-ferent Titles, and where, from the want of the necessary Information before miftinners the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall have

omitted the dist and ascertaining of the Lsnds or other Heredi- such Lamu, taments holden for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles ac*a£Yot resptdivtly, and the setting out and awarding of several and distinct Al- n!ent*ti«rtiV Fitments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments as herein-before fa,nein then' is required, then and in every Cafe the said Commissioners, upon Requell they

m. ic to them by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing >»*' on rt. under hi , her, or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied ?.,umeby0nre«!t b\ af parate Deed or Instrument, are hereby authorized to do every Thing aft-r ih-rrntk-nectflary for supplying Inch Omission, and so (ar as that Purpose shall re- fjmeUtf'ird, quire, to examine Witnesses, and in every other Resped to proceed and act as if the Award had not been made; and after such Enquiry made, the said Commissioners are hereby also authorized, by any Deed or Instrument, under their Elands and Seals, to distinguish and al'certain the Difference of Tcnuie, Estates, and Titles respectively, and ro makediftinfl and f*-veral A lotments in respect of the fame j and such separate Deed or Instrument shall be inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof shall be given in the same Manner as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, and tins Ad, or either of them respectively is directed concerning the said General Award of the said Commissioners; and ail Ex-peaces which shall bereasonably incurred in or about any such separate In* strument as aforesaid shall be payable by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners to make and execute the fame, or

by

8244 4.6‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

by hi? or their Heirs, Executors, or Administntors, and every such fe-pirate Deed or Lstrument. shall, Tom and immediately after the due Exe-cu ion thereof by the fair! Com miffi >ner$, have the fame Effect, to all Intents *n i s, as if the Consents thereof had been inferred and contained in their said General Award; and the fame shall, after such InroF mmt as aforesaid, be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request every such Omiffi in shall have been so supplied, or co the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Titie to the Premises in Question shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, most properly belong.

For allowing XXXVII, And be it further enacted, That ir shall and may be lawful

bcmadl^k C° tt> and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Linds* Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish of Holme Cultram, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, withm the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be afeerta’med, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which Ihd! be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Conl<-nt of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaiicks, or under any other legal Disabilty, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be tef-tified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other contenting Parties respectively*, and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Linds, Tenements, of Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclrfiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Lord Bishop of the Diocele, and the Patron of the Living in which such Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be ficuate: Provided also, that all Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges and Partitions shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partition^, in such Manner and in such Proportion as the said Commissioners shall by jheir said Award order and direct.

iv’iis and -

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Settlement* Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to re* fetfeti!1*4*1 _yoke, nuke void, alter, or annul any "Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Pctlons having any Right or Claim of Dower, jointurQ,

- Portion,

4-6® GEORGII III. Cap. 112. ^245

Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or affcfling any of the Messuages, Buijdings, Lands, and Grounds, to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Parc thereof, but that all and every Person and Persons shall fUnd and be seised and possessed of the federal Messuages, Buildings, Laads, and Grounds, to be allotted to or exchanged with him, her, or them as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Effaces, and subjecto such and the fame Wills, jointures, Rents, and Charges, and of other, as the Manages, Buildings,

Lands, and Grounds, whereof such Person or Persons was or were fpifed or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award tq Ur madp by the said Commissioners, or for which, or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been lub. jedt to be charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXIX. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That it shall and Proprietors of may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons to whom any ^Ipoweled to Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and hiij, pet Stones, her, and their Heirs and Assigns respectively, to get and win, use and.em- SmeXr'tVeir ploy such Stone as may be found under their respective Allotments, for AUotmcnu. the Purpose of fencing such Allotments respectively, and erecting Buildings thereon, but for no other Use, Application, or Purpose whatsoever j and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons as aforesaid, Owners and Proprietors of the said several allotted Lands, to dig*

et, and cure therein Peats for f uel, or any other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Owners and Proprietors of the said several allotted Lands to dig and get therein Clay for Bricks or for Tiles, or any ocher Uie or Purpose whatlocvcr.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Thi»Aetno*. contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to defeat, lessen, lyj'} or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Rowland Stepbenjor^ the Lord or his Heirs or Assigns, as Lord of the said Manor of Holme Cultram, of, in, or to all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, &c. lying or being within or under the said Commons, Moors, or Waites, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manor, but that the said Rowland Stepbenfon> his Heirs and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming by, under, or in Trust for him or them, as Lord of the said Manor, and all succeeding Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, Frte Rents,

Acredale, and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Customs, Suits and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Courts Leer, and Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Perquisites of Courts and Leets,

£nd all Things which to Courts Leet and a View of Frankpledge and Courts Baron do belong or appertain, with Free Warren and Liberty of Hawking, Hunting, Fishing, and Fowling, within and throughout the said Manor, and every Part thereof, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands*

Treasure T'ove, Waifs, Efhays, Forfeitures, Escheats, Fairs, Markets,

[Loc» Per.) 25 K Tolls,

3 2^6 4*'" GEORGII n#.( Cap. h2.

Tolls, Custoijis, Stallages, Dues, Right*, Rbyalies, Jmtrru'rtlaes, Jiftjt.* distions, Franchises| 1 Privileges, Profits, Commodities; Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters and Things wha^otfver to t^heTaid Manor, ot to the Lord thereof for the Time being incidenr, belopging, 'or appertaining (other thijn and Except the* Right to the Soil of fheMaitf Commons, Moorsj or Wastes, and such Common Right thereon respectively as could or might be claimed by him or them, for which Corns' penranonL herein-before directed to be made) in as;fufl, Whiffle; arid? be* neficial Manner, tj all Intents and Purposes, as he or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made; and that Lord of the the said Rdwland Sitpherifon and the Lord and Lords Of the said Minor of Manor to Holme Cultram for the Time being, or his, her, or their Tenants, EeffeeS,* iay'wMgon’ or Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time, and-at all Titncs way*, «fc. have, hold, use, work, and enjoy all Mines, Minerals, arnPQuamt$', J'OT what Nature or Kind soever, save and, except publick Quariies, aocL such Stone as aforesaid, within and1 under the said Commons, Modrs^nd Wastes hereby directed to be divided, and within irrtd ^h.dir every Part thereof reijpeftivdy, and the several Allotments thereof in purfuaftce of this Act, together with alfconvenient and nccdTary Ways and Waylcaves, and also Liberty of laying,-making, arid repairing Waggdft Way’s arid other

Ways,-in, through, over, and along the fame or any Part thereof, and also for searching for, winning, and working the said1 Mints, 'Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying aWay the Lead Ore, Lelrd,‘Cha1s, Stones, Foflils, and other Things to be gotten their cour, or out oPany other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, or Collieries belonging to the said ‘Rowland St'ephenfo7if his Heirs or Assigns, and of making Pits, 'Shaft^ and Sumps, Pit Rooms arid Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels; and Water* courses, and of repairing, amending, arid upholding the fame, and of erecting, building, and using Houses, Draw Kilns, Eieftions, puddings, Fire Engines and other Engines, Mills, and other Erections end Buildings,' and :of altering, changing, and pulling down and carying away the fame, brail or any of the Materials thereof at their free Will and Pleasure, and to do, execute, and perform all such other Works, Afts1, Deeds, Matters, and Things, either now in use or hereafter to he invented., as thall or may be necessary or cohvcnient for the full arid complete Working, Use, and Enjoyment of such Mines', ’Mh’pdls, arti Qnat-ries hereby rtlcrved, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to alt Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done in' case this Act had not been made.

?0r racing

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case tire" fard Rcwfdkd Stt-Compeniatioi\ pbenfon, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Lord or Lords of the said ManUT in working^ ^0T l^e Time bring, of any Person or Persons claiming untfe-the Mines. him or them, shall, after such Inclosures or Allotments made as afot<. said, search for, win or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals, or Quarries;'lying ancf being within or under any of the Allotrrierits or Irtclosures to bet made 23 aforesaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, then and in such Case the said Rowland'Stcpl>e:Jbpy his Heirs of Amgris, or such Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or such Person or Persons so claiming under him or*hem shall make a reasonable Satisfaction for the Damages and bport ot Gfound occatlrihfed

' 1'thereby,

22+7

46° GEORGII m. Cap. 112;

thereby, or by the erecting or buildujT any Houses, Draw Kilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines or other Engines, Mills or other Ereftians, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fame,' or any of the Materials thereof as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in PbftclFioh bf such Ground at the Time or Times of such Damage or Spoil.

XLII. And be it further eha&ed,' That all the Costs, Charges* anti Ex-’ Directions Or. p,enqe§ of inclosing and fencing any Allotment to be nude to the Eeftbri in respect of the Rectory of Holme Ctdtrdti}' and of inclosing a'rtd fencing; this Act. tive yfspective Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Lord of the' f^id Manor for the Time being, for the Purpose of holding a Fair, anrl all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and pailing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, phtfining, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Irands and Preniifes hereby direifted to be divided and allotted, and of preparing and inrolling the !said Award and the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissionets, their Assistants and Servant?, ancfall other necessary Ex-pehces of thej^veral Person? to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about chi' Premises, either before br’afeer the Execution of the said Award, and ’air.the Expences of fdfmiiigi cofnpleting, and repairing th'e publick Carriage.Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Com prim oners within the said ParitTi of tivlme Cultram, and all other Exigences of carrying, the said recited Atl and this Act into Execution. shall be borne, defrayed, and, .paid by the fcVeral Persons and Body or Bodies politick, Corporate, or' Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in Right of the said Pvcdorv, and also save and except the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, for 7

or in respect of the Allotment ro be made to him for the Purpose ot holding a Fa r) in such Shares and Proportions, at Rich Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint according to the Value of their several and respective Allotments; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or ne’g’ed to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and' Expences, according ro such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid,' then and in such Case the same shall and may be recovered in the Manner directed in and by the said recited Act.

XLIII. And whereas fume of the Owners and Proprietors of and Per- Power to suns interested in the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Holme h-n-awMo* Cull cm, may have Occasion to borrow Money to defray the«r respective nei,‘

Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors and Owners of and all other Persons whomsocvtr interested in such Lands and Grounds, being a Tenant or Tenants, for Life with or without Impeachment of Waste, Tenant or Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy cf England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and also to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and.Comm'reesof any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunadcks,

beyond

2248 4 GEORGII lit. Cap. 11 2a

beyond the {teas, or labouring undt-r any other Difkbility wjiatfoerer, and also to and for all Persons ailing as Guardians, TriiTtee*, or'UpniitiflteH.' of any Owners or Proprietors, being under any Disability or Incapacity whadoeter, whether loch Owners or Proprietors reflectively be Tenants0 for Lite with or without Impeachment of Waste, Tenants >n Fee Tail General or Special, or Tenants by the Courtesy of England or for' determinable on any Life or Lives (other th*tn and except the Recfbr of ‘ the said Rector v) by any Deed or Deeds, Writing .-pc Writings, under their respectiYr Hjntjs and-Seals, to be duly executed in the Prefen?e*bf and attested by Two or more credible Witnesse*, to charge the Lands arid Grounds which shall be allotted, to them respectively by virtue and in pursuance of this, Act, with any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying their respective Proportions of the said Charges and Expences, and of inclosing and fencing the ir, respective Allotments, as the Lid Commissioners shall think necessary, not exceeding Five Pounds for every Acre of the Lands1 and Grounds so to be allotted to them respectively, the same to be paid to such Person or Persons, and applied for the Purposes a’foresaid in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums, of Money, with In rereft for the fame, togranr, mortgage, lease, demise, or otherwise subject the said Premises, or any Part thereof, unto any P< rfon or Persons who shall advance and lend such £.um or Sums of Money respectively, his, her, or' their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Afilgns, f.;r any Term or Number of Years, so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or Security be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trull to be surrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be seemed, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and fa fished; and so that in every such Grant, Mortgage, Demile, or Security, which shall be made by any Person or Persons interested in or entitled unto the Premises for the Term of their natural Lives only, pr by his, her, or their Guard.an or Guardians, Trullce or Trustees, Committee or Committees, tl,ere be contained a Proviso or Covenant, th it the Owner or Proprietor of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Imereti of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereby secured, during their respective Lives; and no Person afterwards becoming seised or possessTed of the said Premises, shall be liable to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title 10 such Possession shall have commenced j and every such Grant, Mor gage, Lease, or Demise of the said Premises shall be good, valid, and effcctual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended,

Afeard to be

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by deposited. the said Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner by the said recited Act directed, shall be depoined and kept in the Parish Church of Holme Cullram aforesaid, for the Iofpe&ion and Perusal of all Persons intertilled in such Award.

Money which

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Person* who have ?aZedt*r*0b *6* Common in or upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste.*, or tainmgar Cx- any other Person or Persons on their Behalf, shall advance or lend any Act to8b« rc. ^urn or ^Um3 M(>ney ^or ^ie Purpose defraying the Expences of ap- Ptytojfc

.6‘ GEORGII IH. Cap. 112. 2249

plying for and obtaining this Ac% and of carrying the fame into Exccu- tl,e

t»on, all such Peril ms Ih all be fully repaid the fame, together with lawful 'wUhluicreft. Interest thereon from die Time or respective Times cf advancing or lending the said Sum or Sums of Money to the Time or respective Times of the Repayment thereof, out of the fi ft Monies that shall be raised for the defraying ol such Expences under and by virtue of this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the faic! Commissioners shall, Commission. at ail ami every of their Meetings for putting this Act into Execution, brar fulij°0iny£x-and pay their own Expences *, and that when and so fbon as the said in- fence*, tended Division shall be finished and completed, and the said Commission-fers shall have executed their said General Award, each of the said CommhTioners shall be paid and allowed the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence* for each and every Day he shall have travelled, or attended and transaefed Business in or for putting this Act into Execution.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in each and Commission-every Year, during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed [heir Ac-fresh the Day of the passing thereof, the said Commissioners shall and count* h-fore they, it re. hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of Jv"1n^crtl all Sums of Money by them received and expended, and due to them for *vc‘y car* their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act, and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating "thertfo, shall be by them* laid before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, robe by them examined and balanced, and f«ch Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by the said Justices.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons A eaI tn Hull think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing to be Quarter Set. done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and "cn* Determinations of the said Commissioners as are by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be final and conclusive, and excepting such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) then and in every such Cale, he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Cumberland within Six Calendar Months next afrer the Grounds of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners and to the Party concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, in which Notice shall be Hated and specified the Ground or Grounds, Cause or Caufts of such Appeal; and the Justices (not interested therein) at such General Quarter Stllions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Colts and Damages as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party and Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owmrscf such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant Distress, and Sale \ and the Determination of such Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed by Cer-[Loc. fcf Per.~\ 35 L tiorori

2250 4^’ GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

tiorari, or any other Writ cr process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at W’estminster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Juiiices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

General XLIX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Saving. - an{j $ucccfl0rs, and to all antl every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Right, Title, and Interest (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant, and intended to be barred, dellroyed, and extinguished) as they, every, or any of them could, might, or ought to have had or enjoyed, into or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed as aforesaid, in case this Act had not been made.

Wbfick Act. L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaW) Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. tSofi.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

1 GEORGII EL REGIS.

i

ii

Cap. 113.

An Act foraltering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Port- of London, by making Docks and other Works at

Blaciwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port. - [12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further 4; o. j. Improvement of the Port of London, by making'Decks and other c> n*‘ Works at Blackball, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port, certain Persons therein named, and their several and respective Successors, Executors Administrators, and Assigns, were united into a Company or Association of Proprietors, by the Style and Firm of The East India Dock Company, for the Purpose of making the said Docks," Basons, and other Works, and for otherwise carrying the several Powers and Authorities of the said Act into Execution: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Execution of the said recited Act, but for the more eifedual Execution of the Intention of the said recited Act, and for rendering greater Accommodation to the East India Company and to their Shipping, it is expedient that certain of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act should be altered and enlarged, ^nd that the Lac. & Per.] 35 id laid

2ss4 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

fold East India Dock Company should have Power to increase their Capita! or Joint Stock: And whereas it would be attended with great Benefit to the Interest of the Owners of thp Erji India Shipping, and of the East India Company, and be the Means of preventing the Plunder or Pillage, not only of their Stores and Cargoes respectively, but also of private Property, if the East India Dock Company were permitted not' only to receive within the skid Docks, Basons, and other Works, the Cargoes of the homeward bound Ships, but also to land such Cargoes on the Wharfs and Quays to be built along the Sides or Banks of such Docks, Basons, and other Works, and were permitted to load from their Wharfs and Quays within the said Docks, Basons, and other Works, the several Goods and Stores on board the outward-bound Ships, and to do all such Matters and Things as may be necessary for the Convenience and Accommodation of the East India Shipping; and if the said Quays and Wharfs, so to be made and built by the said Company of Proprietors, were declared to be Legal Quays and Wharfs for the landing, relanding and discharging, lading and shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and if the said East India Dock Company were enabled to employ the Means necessary for landing, loading, mowng, and removing all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and also the Stores, and other Articles and Things belonging to the said Shipping: But a - such several Purposes cannot be eifeGed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-t.wen of bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited AG, and all

and every the Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever Act. therein contained (save and except such Parts of the same as are hereby

varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and the fame is and are hereby-declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual, lor carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present AG.

Put of pre-

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited AG, K«t act for as requires that Two General Meetings of the said Company of Proprie-ra^Mettinei' tors should be holden in each and every Year, whereof One Meeting should rep.»!, H, and be holden on the Second Monday in the Month of January, and the other ppuinUaT on Second Monday, in the Month of July, in each and every Year, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and, from and after the passing of this AG, such Two General Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors shall be holden, One thereof on some Day in the Month of January, and the other, on some Day in the Month of July, in each and every Year, and of such respective General Meetings Seven Days Notice shall be given by Publication in the London Gazelle, and in Two or more Morning Newt papers usually. circulated in the City of London, and by Writing affixed in, the Royal Exchange in London; and all Matters and Things directed to be done and executed by the said recited AG, at such respective General Meetings to be holden on the Second Mondayi in the said respective Months of January and July, shall and may be holden, and shall and may:

4! G. j. c.Ii6. ex-*«nd«d to li.i

46° GEORGJil m. Cap. 1r*. zi5$

be done artd executed oft any Day within the Months respectivfcly in which fuclj> Meetings are by the said recited Act required to 'be holden, and such Matters and Things directed to be done and executed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful ^’i^c/ner^ to and for any Five or more of the said Directors of the Eq/l India Hock Meeting. Company, when and as often as they shall judge it expedient or necessary

that a General Meeting of the said Company should be holden for.carrying any of the Purposes of the said retite'd Act or of this Act into Execution, to call such General Meeting, by giving Notice thereof In Writing ta be affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, and byinferring such Notice in the London Gazette, and in Two or more Morning Newspapers circulated in London, and such General Meeting shall be holden at such Time and Place, within the City of London, as they the said Directors} giving such Notice, shall judge expedient, such Time not being more than Ten Days, nor less than Five, after such Notices so given; and every such Notice mail specify the Purpose or Purposes for which such Meeting is..to bfe holden j and such Meeting shall be, and be deemed to be, a General Meeting of the said East India Dock Company; and all Proceedings thereat, relative to the Purpose or Purposes specified in such Notices, shall be and be deemed to be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoeven

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectual Company may carrying into Execution the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Pro- joint S»ock. prietom, at any extraordinary General Meeting or Meetings to be efpe* dally called for that Purpose, in Manner by thg said recited Act or this Act directed, to mcrease and augment the Capital or Joint Stock, which by the said recited Act they'are enabled to raise, with any further Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, as to the Majority of the Proprietors preftntTit Rich Meeting Or Meetings shall be deemed necessary and expedient f and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of-Proprietors to raise such further Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Contribution amongst themselves, or by the Admission of any new Subscriber or Subscribers, or by such other Ways and Means as to the Majority of the Proprietors present at such Meeting or Meetings shall Teem right and proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such additional Capital or Joint Such add!-Stock to be raised by virtue of this Act-shall be Considered as Part of the h?coi»??ta* Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, iftd shall be. under and sub- tiered aTpart ject to the fame Provisions, Rulest Regularioiis,- Directions, and Manage- jJ‘hJc*Pita* ment, in all Respects and to alf Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the ° 01 fame had been Part of the said Capital or-Joint Stock directed, to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act; (save and except as to the Time or Times of making any Call or Calls fof the said additional Capital or Joint Stock directed to be raised by virtu eof this Act, and fare and except as to the Amount of ally such Gall or GaHs, which Time and Timesy and the Amount of such Gall and Galls’ respectively, shall frdm Time to Time be appointed by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them); and all-the Provisions, Rules, Regulations,- arid CHrafes, save- and except * herein excepted, contained in the said recited Act, with respect or in

relation

2256

4.6* GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

relation to the several Calls to be made for the said Capital or Joint Stock to be thereby raised, and to the Recovery thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, and to the Forfeiture of any Sum or Sums advanced, by reason of any Refusal or Neglect to comply with any such Call or Calls, shall be applicable to and shall be in full Force and Effect, as to the several Calls to be made for the said additional Stock to be raised by virtue of this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for P.oporiu ns the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to make any Call or Timet a*the ^or additional Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part or Parts

Tt prietori thereof, in such Proportions, and at such Time and Times as shall be

Aali direct. agreed upon by the said Company of Proprietors at any of their General

Meetings to be holden in the Manner herein directed; any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

No Transfer

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Assignment or Transfer of any anj^mail- Capital Stock shall be permitted to be made or entered into the

Sumo* the Transfer Books of the said East India Dock Company, of or concerning Ca uta^s'o' k any Ima^er Sum of the Capital Stock of the said Company heretofore than Fitiv subscribed, or hereafter to be subscribed as aforesaid, than Fifty Pounds of "an ifU C thereof; and every Assignment or Transfer of such Capital Stock, made, the which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter be made for any nuitCaiid'yoid ^um Capital Stock than Fifty Pounds, shall be and is hereby

u " ‘ declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any

Thing in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary ihereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the Directors of the said East India Dock Company were by the said recited Act empowered to make such Bridges and Roads as they should from Time to Time deem necessary for the more convenient Use of the said Docks, and of the other Works appertaining the reto: And whereas, by an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of Recital of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging the Term

R Ta?1 an<^ P'wers of an SIR rnade in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty,

Geo. f for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads

« W* to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County j and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks, the Trustees acting in Execution of the said recited Acts, and the several SuWcribers under the said recited Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were enabled to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Shares and Proportions as to them should seem meet, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, paving, and watering a Branch of Road leading from and out of the Commercial Road\ at or Rear the North-East Comer oiLimehouse Church Yard, to communicate with the East India Docks, and also leading from and out oiRobinbocd Lane to communicate with Poplar Street, and the several other Works necessary thereto; and the said Trustees were thereby directed to pay, from and after the Time of the Completion of the Road and Branch of Road

to

46° GEORGII III. Cap. it3.

2 257

to be made by "virtue.of. the recited Act,- made, in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, Interest or Dividends ftofc exceeding in the Wfyole the Rate of 'fen Pounds per-Centum per Annum- \r£on;aTPHnfos TwpfteV which (h< >11 Id have been so fobferibed and paid: Art3 whereas ‘it would tend materially to facilitate the Communication with t)\r‘East India Dock--', and the Conveyance of Goods, Wares;-'aftcl Merchandize, Stores, and other Articles and Things, to and from the said East India Docks, if the said Road were completed, and it would be the Means'of favirfg a large Sum of Money to the East India Dock Company, if. they.A\yere.empowered to subscribe out of therrCapital or’Jcint'Srack*acertain Sum of Money towards’the Completion of the said Road; be it therefore enacted, That The^(tln<t:.« it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the East Indui Dock

Company to subscribe, for or on Behalf of the said East India Dock Com- j,* ^,<yj«L pany, out of the Capital or Joint Stock to be raised and contributed' by'th*b to JJ East India Dock Company, by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the t,'J Kait nuti» Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act', Docks, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thoql’and Pounds, as to the said Directors shall seem right and proper, towards raifmgthe said Sum of Tweatythouland Pounds, directed to be raised by the said Trustees for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, paving, and watering the said Branch of Rofd leading from and out of the Commercial R:ad, at or near the Nbith-EaR Corner of Limehouse Church Yard, to communicate with the End India Docks, and nlfo leading from and out of Robinbood Lane, to com mum-cate with Poplar Street, and the several'olhcr Works needfary thereto.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Interest or Dividends to intereir or be paid by the said Trustees'to the East India Dock Company, for or 2onefifo °* on-Account of the said Shift or Sums of Money so subscribed for or on tu ^nb^i to Behalf of ifie^Ea// India, Dock Company, and allb the principal Sura

or Sums so subscribed. When and as often as the fame, or any Part or Parts r«c ived for thereof, shall be paid otf and discharged by the said Trustees, shall be l^c^01,ad a applied and dirposed of by the said East India Dock Company in such and p4y. the like Manner as. tjic Monies to be subscribed, collected, received, levied, raised, and borrowed £>.y the End India Dock Company, or their Directors, by virtue pr rn'pursuance of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Hi's present Majesty, and of this Act; a'r<* directed to be applied and cufposed off* "

X. And whereas it is in and by the faM recited Act, made in the Forty- Additional third Year of His present Majesty, enacted, that it shall and may be law-' Gr°^ ^0* fill to and for the said Directors, or any Fltre or more of them, to con- 'urv'ut tract and agree for the absolute Pmchafe’of. any Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments, as shall lie of be ft mate' wltfdh the Distance wf Thir y Feet'

of the Wall therein directed to be made for iftCloifing such Docks, Basons* and other Works: And whereas such Distnnce of ThirW' Veerf of the said "Wall is not sufficient for the necessary. Security, of the Shipping, and "ter carrying the several Purpos^ of the' laid: Yc'cited'teAft‘aiid this Act into' Execution; be it therefore enacted, Thht itdhhUarui nsay be lawful'’tb, and for the said Directors, dr Five B^ifAote of them, so.'purch^fe* any Lands, Tenements, and Hcfoditfongntj'’ In' Manner djrc&^d by the said recited Act as to the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and lierediuiR-ents by the said Directors, with the likc/Po^e^ 'and. Authorities, and subject

{for. & Rer.J

to-

2258 4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. rig.

to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall lie or be situate within the Distance of One hundred Feet of the said Wall, on the North Side thereof, and so far as the present Road leading to the Orchard House, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Occupation of Sir Robert Wigram Baronet, on the Lad Side or End of the said Docks, Basons, and other Works, and

on the South Side thereof to the River Thames; and such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, when so purchased, shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors, for the Use and Purposes of the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act.

Not to enable

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act tlTpuuR* contained shall extend or be confirmed to extend so as to enable the said a.; Buii iii'ii, Etjl India Dock Company, or the said Directors, or any Person or Per-asii'iemPt h>ns afing by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage

mentionni. any House or other Building which was erected or built on or before the

] irlf Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, or on any Land or Ground which, on cr before the said First Day of June, was set apart and used as or for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thtreof first had and obtained, other than and except the Houses and Buildings herein-after mentioned; thatisto say, the Gardens belonging to the Houses in Naval Row, at the South-West Corner of the said Boundary \Vall, together with such Buildings thereon as are situated within Thirty Feet of the said Wall.

SeitienPoli-

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to tkk, kc. and for a]i Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Ag-fcU. ° gregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks or Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successots, but also for and on Behalf of their Cejhikjue TrustS, whether Infants or llfue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, whci are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof which shall be thought necessary by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, to be purchased for any of the Purposes of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Directors for the Sale thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part or Parts thereof, and alt Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the said Company of Proprietors, for any of the Purposes of the said recited Act or of this Act; and all Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in purfu‘-ance of the said recited Act and this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Persons or Person conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Uie, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their several and re-

fpcftivf

2259

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

spective Ce/luique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under him. her, or them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notvith-standing; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Coflegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators,

Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons whosoever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act.

XIII. And, for the greater Accommodation of the Shipping in the Eat Theory* jn India Trade, belonging to or using the Port of London, it is hereby further Docks as flui] enacted and declared, That the Quays and Wharfs which shall be built wailed

by the said Directors as aforesaid, within or along the Sides or Banks of Jo such of the said Docks as shall be inclosed and defended on all Sides b*y C^uajs. high Walls, and Prong and sufficient Gates, shall at all Times afterwards be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, Legal Quays and Wharfs for the landing, relanding, and discharging, lading and shipping of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize v/hatsoever, within the Port of London, any Law, or any Usage or Ciiftoin to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, Merchan- Dock* fuH|eA dize, and Things whatsoever, which shall be landed or shipped upon or from the Quays or Wharfs intended to be built in or near the said Docks, fccT as the Or any of them, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Tolls, LcSal Duties, Dues* Customs, and to the like Regulations respectively, as if } the fame were landed upon or shipped from the present Legal Quays within the City, of London, or as if the fame intended Quays or Wharfs were fitualed within the said City, except in such Cases as are hereinafter specified.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said East India Dock Com- TiitBoundary pany shall, and they are hereby required to make, maintain, and repair a

Publick Way, Road, or Passage, round and adjoining the external Part to be fur. of the Wall and Walls herein-mentioned, inclosing the inward Dock, ex- vva* cept so much on the South Side thereof as is or shall be bounded by the Road, or * outer Dock, or the Wharfs or Quays belonging thereto, and such Pub* Faffasc' lick Way, Road, or Passage, shall be Ten Feet Wide at least.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when any One or more of the when nnY«f said Docks, by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty and this Act, authorized to be made and built ,-r. vcd of by by the said Directors, with the several Basons, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, belonging or to belong thereto, shall be io far completed, that of the Tresu in the Judgement of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of JorThe* the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, ]^cepU the same shall be fit for the Reception of Ships, and the Landing and Snips *nd Shipping of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, it shall be lawful for the arc lo^cruty laid Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commis- inch Apprn-fioiiers of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and he or they is or are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, by Warrant under iiii.nl in the his or their Eland or Hands, to certify the fame; and such Certificate 7 shall be published Three Times at the least in the London Gazette, and in London ,\e*»r.

$ Two

2260

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

Two or more publick Morning Newspapers then nfually circulated in London; and the said Certificate so published as aforesaid shall be deemed sufficient Notice to all Parties interested of the Completion of the several Docks, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, concerning which such Certificate of Approbation shall be made; and from and after the Expiration of Ten Days next ensuing the First Publication of the said Certificate in Manner aforesaid, all the Rates and Duties by the said reefed Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, made payable to the said East India Dock Company for Ships and Vessels entering into and using any of the said Docks, or any of the Basons and Cuts belonging or which shall belong thereto, and also for any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which shall be landed or discharged from, or shipped or taken on board of any Ship or Vessel lying within any of the said Docks, or any of the Basons or Cuts belonging or which shall belong thereto, shall commence, take effect, and become payable; and then and from thenceforth such of the Quays and Wharfs then made or built by the said Company, as shall be described in such Certificate to be fit for the Reception of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be deemed and taken to be Legal Quays and Wharfs accordingly; and all the Provisions in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, contained, relating to the Increase of Interest or Dividends from and after the Completion of the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, and for compelling Ships and Vessels that shall arrive in the River Thames with East India Produce on board to unload the Whole of such Produce within some or One of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wrharfs belonging or which shall belong thereto, and for compelling such Ships and Vessels belonging to or frequenting the Port of London, as shall be used or employed in the East India Trade, to ship, or take in their respective Cargoes, and be loaded either in some or one of the said Docks or Basons, or in such Part of the River Thames as shall be below Limehouse Creek, shall take Effect and be in full Force and Operation, save and except such 'Part or Parts of such Produce as may be directed by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to be unloaded or discharged into any Lighter or other Lraft in the Employ of the Lqjl India Company, at a certain Place within the said Port of London called. Long Reach, for the Purpose of lessening the Draught of Water of any Ship or Vessel; and the Goods>, Wares, and Merchandize so unloaded or discharged, being Produce from the East Indies or China, and in respect whereof any Duties shall be payable, shall or may afterwards be stored or depofrted in the Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, according to the Laws now in force in relation to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported from the East Indies or China; and in, case any Owner, Master, or other Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel in the East India Trade, shall, after the Expiration of Ten Days after the First Publication of such Certificate, unload or discharge, or cause or permit or suffer to be unloaded or discharged, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being Produce from the East Indies or China, at any Time or Times after such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, shall be fit for the Reception of Ships as aforesaid, from his Ship or Vessel, in any other Place or Places, in or near the Port of London, than within such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons (save and except, as fierein-before mentioned) then and in every such

Cafe

226*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

Cafe every such Owner, Mailer, or ether Person, having the Command or Charge of such Ship or Vessel!, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and' pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, any Thing in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIL. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publica- The Gate? anil hon of such Certificate as aforesaid, all the Gates and Doors of such of the said Docks, Quays, and Wharfs, as shall be inclosed with a Wail or Dock rW-Walls, and a Gate or Gates as before mentioned, shall be under the joint Locks of the said Rail India Dock Company and of the Conimif- wj!h‘n vc.it fi.oners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, or of their respectiv.e Offi- a* aforetairt, gprs, and such Gates and Doors Avail be locked and opened only in the u,e Joint*1'CC joint Presence of One or more of the Officers of the said East India L cks o- -’ie Dock Company, and of One or more of the Officers of the said respective Commissioners- of His Majesty's Customs and Excise duly apr the Revenue pointed and authorized in that Behalf; and no such Gate or Grates, t'/^tockt't Door or Doors, shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever be locked »n<) opened or opened but in the joint Presence of such Officers respectively, during j .‘‘jJViVctw cc tile whole Time that any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being the of ,>,.eoi-Produce of the East Indies or China, shall remain within the said Dock, ^rc,r'^,-l8‘i or on the Quays or Wharfs, belonging thereto; and the Officer or Offi- fli-Jer*. ami cers whole Duty it shall be to attend to the locking up and opening of the said Gates and Doors respectively, shall, and he and they is and are otficaa.

hereby required to lock up and open the fame, or cause or procure the same to be locked up and opened in their Presence, at the Hours herein mentioned for that Purpose; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking up or opening of the said Gates and Doors respectively, as herein directed, every such Officer so offending shall, for every stich Offence, (upon being convicted thereof) forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after such Publication of such Appointed Certificate as aforesaid, the several Gates and Doors of such of the of^ning^iKt Docks, Quays, a»!d Wharfs, as shall be so inclosed with a Wall, accord- time in? the ing to the Directions of this Act, shall, during the Time a»y Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, being the Produce of the East Indies or China, and other shall remain therein as aforesaid, in and from the Month of November to the Month of February, both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, be opened for Business at the Hour of Seven in the Morning, aid continue open until the Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and continue so shut until the Hour of Seven in the Morning; and in and from the Month of March to the Month of October^ both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, tha said Gates and Doors shall be opened for Business at the Hour of Six in the Morning, and so continue until the Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and continue so shut until the Hour of Six in Hie Morning.

XIX. And belt further enacted, That from and after such Publication Appointed of such Certificate as aforesaid, the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue Hour* nr the appointed to act and aft ing within and upon the said Docks, Quays, and an^Sufinefa

[Loc. & 25 0 other of the R«v«-

2262 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

w^thinthesaid ot^cr ^or^s of the said East India Dock Company, shall, in and front Docks and the Month of November to the Month of February, both Months inclusive, other Works. in each and every Year, attend and transact Business from the Hour of Eight in every Morning to the Hour of Three in every Afternoon; and in and from the Month of March to the Month of Octo'uer, both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, from the Hour of Seven in the Morn-la'idxfiefof *ng to Hour of Three in the Afternoon; and that during the said Attendancelo Hours and Times so limited and appointed, there shall be no Intermif-inoSno"6 hon or Cessation of Business on any Account or Pretence whatsoever; in term fiinn and that the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue shall, in like Manner, attend of Business. and transact Business at the Warehouses belonging to the East India Company, where they may be stationed, at the Hours and Times aforesaid, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, no Person whatsoever shall be permitted to remain within such Part of the said 1 ocks, Quays, and other Premises, as are to be inclosed within the Wall or Walls as herein mentioned, during any Part of such Hours and Times respectively as such Premises are by this Act directed to be kept (hut and locked up; but in case it shall hereafter appear to the East India Dock Company, cr to their Directors, that a Guard or Watch may be necessary to be kept and maintained within the said Premises, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, and they are hereby empowered to appoint and place within the same, or any Part thereof, such Guard or Guards, Watchman or Watchmen, for and during such Hours as they the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, shall think right and proper.

The Hatches

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publica-

VeflcE arriv- t*on of such Certificate as aforesaid, upon the Arrival of any Ship or ingin the Ki- Vessel in the River Thames with a Cargo of Produce from the East Tockodiiown Indies or China, the Master or Commander, Chief Mate or Second isc. Mate of such Ship or Vessel, shall, on or before the Arrival of such Ship or other Vessel at Gravesend, well and securely lock down and fallen with firong and sufficient Locks and other Fastenings, to be provided at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, all the Hatches leading to or connected with the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel; and from the Time of her Arrival at Gravesend, the said Master or Commander, Chief Mate or Second Mate, shall remain constantly on board such Ship or Vessel, and keep such Hatches of such Ship or otnerVessel so locked down and fastened, until such Ship or Vessel shall be safely moored in one of the said Docks or Basons and until such Master, Commander, Chief Mate, or Second Mate, shall have delivered the Keys of such Locks or Fastenings to such Officer or Servant of the said East India Company as dial I be duly authorized to receive the same; and in case the said Master, Commander, Chief Mate, or Second Mate of any such Ship or Vessel shall refuse cr ne-glett to provide such Locks and other Fastenings, or to lock and fallen down the Hatches of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, or to keep the fame so locked and fastened dowm, or shall leave such Ship or Vessel after her Arrival at Gravesend, and before (he shall be safely moored, and the said Keys so delivered as last aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver the said

Keys

No Person so remain within such of the Docks and Dock Premises v are to

lairf ii»c'ofed with a Wall,

4*C.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 113. 2263

Keys to such Officer or Servant as before-mentioned, within Two Hdlirs next after such Mooring as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Master, Commander, Chief Mate, Second Mate, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence (upon Conviction thereof) forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, the Hatches of all such Ships or Vessels as J he locked shall from Time to Time lie or be moored in the said Dock or Docks, and opened. Bason or Basons, with any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on board thereof respectively, shall be under the joint Locks of the said East India Company and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, or of their respective Officers; and no such Hatch or Hatches shall be locked or opened, save and except in the joint Presence of One or more of the Officers of the said East India Company, and of One or more of the Officers of the said respective Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, duly appointed and authorized in that Behalf; and no such Hatch or Hatches shall be locked or opened, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, but in the joint Presence of such Officers respectively; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to attend to the locking up and opening of the said Hatches respectively, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to lock and open the fame, or cause or procure the same to be locked or opened in their Presence, at the Hours herein mentioned for that Purpose; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking up or opening of any such Hatch or Hatches, as herein directed, every such Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That each and every Ship and other Vessel laden with any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce of the East Indies or China, and taken as a Prize during the Continuance of Hostilities, and brought into Great Britain by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or by any private <?r other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or which may be seized by any non-commissioned Vessel or otherwise as Droits of Admiralty, shall be and be deemed to be a Ship or Vessel arriving or coming from the East Indies or China with Cargoes of Produce from the East Indies or China, and within the Intent and Purview of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, and shall be brought into the River Thames; and every such Ship or other Vessel, and the Person or Persons having the Charge or Command thereof, shall be subject: to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as all Ships and Vessels arriving or coming from any Part of the East Indies or China into the River Thames with Cargoes of Produce from the East Indies or China are by the said recited Act and this Act subject and liable to; and that all such Cargoes shall from Time to Time hereafter be lodged or deposited in the Warehouses of the East India Company, and sold at the said Company’s Sales, and not elsewhere, in like Manner, and subject only to the fame Charges as other jrivileged Goods.

Prize Ships laden with the Produce of the East Indies or* hinatobe subject t;> the ftme Regula-

22<?4 ^‘G'fiORGtl III. Cap. 11$.

No other than *XXI<V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Ship: or VdTel shfis^ndv’d °^r ^Iai1 and except Shipv and Vessels which shall hive- imrtieeLh feia'to aie the ately come* from or mill be-'immediately bound to the East Indies or D cks, with- China, or Silips that are or ftav& been in the-Employ of die East India uV the Company, and other than Lighters and Craft to convey, deliver, dischnrge-. Lord* Com- or receive Good?, Wares, or Merchandize, or any other Matter or 'filing the Treasury, whatsoever to or from on board of any such Ships or Vessels, of to1 be used in relation to the loading, unloading, or Care of them in the said Docks or Basons, and other than and except Ships, Vessels, Lighters, and Craft bringing Or carrying away Materials, or any other Matter or Thing for the Building, Alteration, or Repairs of the said Docks and Basons, add the Erections, Buildings, ami Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or to be used in or relating to the Building, Alterations, Repairs, or Ciearifmgs of the fold Docks and Baton?., and their Appurtenances, shall at any Time gxi into the said: Docks or Basons, or any of the Works belonging the reto* For any Purpose whatsoever, without the Consent of the Lord High Treai-surer, or the Lord* Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to be signified, from Time to Time, by Warrant under his or their Hand or H^nds; and in case any Ship or Vessel, other than and except as aforesaid, shall at any Time go into any of the said Hocks, Basons, or Works, without such Consent as aforesaid, every Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, other than and except as afbvefiid, or who shall authorize, permit, or fuller her to go into any of the said Docks, Basons-, ot Works, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pxy the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXV. And, for the Purpose of preventing Frauds being committed oil

the Revenue in the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from the said Docks, Wharfs, Quays,' and other Works, be it further enacted, That the said East India Company shall, apd they are hereby required to provide and maintain such and so many covered Carrs, Waggons, or Caravans, as to them shall seem necessary, for the Purpose of falely conveying all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from such Bocks, Wharfs, Quays, and other Works, to the Warehouse or Warehotifes of the said East India Company*, and all such covered Carts, Waggons, and Caravans, shall be provided with such Locks and Keys, and shall be frted up and secured in such Manner as shall be approved by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the Time being? or Three or more of them.

Gjodeto be

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That‘ no Goods, Wares, cir Mer-thT'caSwans c^attc^ze shall he carried or "conveyed in such covered Cart, Waggon, or tv.thin cei - Caravan, by the said East India Company, from the said Docks, Basons, Kun Hours, wharfs, Quays, and other Works, to the Warehouses of the said East India Company,'save and except between the Hours of Seven in the Forenoon and Fotir in the Aftefnc’on; and all and every such Carts, WaggonK and Caravans, as shall be loaded, or have any Chest of Tea, or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, placed or deposited therein, and which shall not be rerhoved from the Quays so surrounded by a high Wall or Walls as aforesaid, before the Hour of Three in the Afternoon, shall remain and continue upon the said Quays, within such Wall or Walls as aforesaid, until the following Morning, or tile Morning of the Day on

whidh

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 113. 2265

Ivhich Business shall be transa&ed at the said Docks next following; and all and every such Carrs, Waggon's, or Caravans, so having any Chest of Tea, or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize placed or deposited therein, shall, after the Hours of liufineis at the said Docks are expired* be securely locked up by the Officers of the East India Company and of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, in the same Manner as the Hatches of the Ships in the said Dock are herein directed to be locked and fccilred.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and The t eifury for the L'>rd High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Ma- '7cr° the Hoor* jesty’s Treasury, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by ofopeninp r Warraht Under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time, to alter and Aiming and change the Hour or Hours of opening and shutting, or of opening Hour.of *'" or shutting the several Gates and Doors, or any of them, of such of the n»m«sting laid Docks, Quays, and Wharfs, as shall be so inclosed with a Wall, dUSSI*11^ according to the Directions of this Act, and also to alter and change the Hour or Hours appointed by this Act for the transading Business in the said Docks and upon the Quays and Wharfs thereof; and also to alter and change the Hour or Hours appointed by this Act for carrying or conveying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in such covered Carts, Waggons, or Caravans as aforesaid, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to Ttannd other and for the said East India Company to land or cause to be landed any Goods, may Chest or Chests of lea, or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject convened by'* or liable so be weighed, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Duty or Duties thecaravaui to be paid thereon, being the Property of or belonging to the East India j® wf*the Company, or belonging to or the Property of any Individual or Indivi- cut India duals, commonly called, or known by the Name of Privileged and Private 5

Trade, or of any other Description whatsoever, from any Ship or Ships, prevu'uiy n® Vessel or Vessels, within the said Docks and Basons, upon the said Wharfs and Quays, or any of them, and to convey the fame in such covered Cart or Carts, Waggon or Waggons, Caravan or Caravans, and to deposit such Chest or Chests of Tea, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so subject and liable to be weighed as aforesaid, in the Warehouse or Ware* houses of the East India Company, without such Chest or Chests of Tea, or other such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, being weighed or liable to be weighed by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise on the landing thereof: Provided always, that the proper Officer or Officers of the said East India Company shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to weigh or cause to be weighed every such Chest or Chests of Tea, and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as soon as possible after the fame respectively shall be brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses, in the Presence of the Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise then on Duty at such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such The Lords of Weighing at the Warehouses shall be found inconvenient, it shall be lawful mwTrSrTei for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Ma- tndGoodsto jesty’s Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, from Time, to Time, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, upon any 0« tncQuay* * [Loc. Per.] 25 P Application

2?66 4-6° GEORGII III. (Hdp. 113*

Application <*of the Court of Directors of the said East India Company for that Purport*, to order and direct e*cry such Chert or Cherts of Tea, and all such othci'Goods, Vvar«»j and Merchandize, to be weighed at the said Docks, or upon the Laid Quays or Wharfs, before the same shall be placed or deposited in inch Carts, Waggons, or Caravans as aforesaid; and thereupon such Competition shall be made by the said East India Company to the said East. India Dock Company, for the additional Trouble and Labour attending tuch last-menrioned Weighing as shall be just and reasonable, any Thing contained to die contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

A ’y Machine

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Machine or Machines, after ti'e the same shall be approved by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or Tieau > may more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Tre,.fury for the Time ^eigftuw'the being, by Warrant under his Hand, or their Hands, may be used in tame. Weighi g such Cherts of Tea, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

dize, or any Part diereof.

Ou‘er d cT<

XXXI. And whereas the said Eojl India Dock Company have, in exe-wr.lQ.r°rs? cution of the said Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His wi.n, a- piow present Majesty, formed Two Docks, at Blackball aforesaid, called an Treafny Cuter and an Inner Dock: And whereas the Quays or Wharfs surrounding such Outer Dock are bounded on the North Side by the Wall which separates the lame from the Inner Dock, on the South Side by the River Thames, at the Taft End by the Entrance Baton and Leeks leading from the Kiver Thames to the Inward Dock, and at the West End by the Ship Builder’s Yard in the Occupation, of Melfieurs Perry and Wells: And whereas it may iiot be necessary that such Outer Dock should be entirely surrounded! by a high Wall; be it therefore enabled. That when and as loon as it shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, that such outer Dock is well and sufficiently inclosed and defended, although such outer Dock shall not be entirely surrounded by a high Wall or Walls, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea-lury for the Time being, to certify by Warrant under his Hand or their Hands that such outer Dock is well and fuificiently inclosed and defended; and Upon such Certificate1 being granted as aforesaid, the Quays and Wharfs which shall be built or made by the said Directors, within or along the Sides or Banks of such outer Dock, shall at all Times, from and after the Date of such Certificate, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, Legal Quays and Wharfs for lading and shipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever within the Port of Lendin, lave and except for the lading and shipping of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as are or shall be subject or liable to any Duty or Duties of Excise; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Curtom, or any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, to hire or ploy Labour- employ, from Time to Time, such and so many Labourers and Workmen C1B* for the Purpose of landing, loading, or unloading, receiving and flapping

off

East India Dock Gom-ptnwnny

2267

46° GEORGII III. 'Cap. lii.

off any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, and other Articles, Matters, and Things, that may be imported or brought, carried or conveyed, into the said Docks and Basons, and also to carry and convey, or cause to be carried and conveyed. Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, and other rticles, Matters, and Things, to and from the said Docks and Basons, by such Ways and Means as to them the said East India Dock Company,'or their Dircdors, shall feein right and proper; and to do all such Affcs, Matters, and Things, for the Accommodation and Convenience of the East India Company, and of the East India Shipping, as to the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, shall seem right and proper:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said East India Dock Company to carry or convey any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for Hire or Gain, in any Boat, Lighter, or other Craft, upon the River Thames.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such First Mp"v*t Publication of such Certificate as aforesairi, no Holiday or Holidays what- thefai,; Dock# soever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said

Docks-Quays, Wharfs, or other Works of the said Company, either sunUysT* by any Officer or Officers of or belonging to His Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer or Servant of the said East India Dock Company, or aXdFnd<y», other Person or Persons whatsoever, except Sundays, Christmas Dap, and

Good Fridays, and any Day which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of General Faff or Thanksgiving; but that all the Business of the said East India Dock Company, and relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and of all Persons using the said Docks, Quays,

Wharfs, or other Works, shall be carried on upon all Holidays, except as before excepted, in the same Manner as upon any other Daye in the Year.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite, or Re- No Fee* to be ward of any Denomination whatsoever, shall be taken, accepted, or received, company's by any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, who shall or may be ofli cr orhy employed in the Service of the said East India Dock Company, other than officers,*"-r the Salary or Wages that shall or may be paid or allowed to such Officer any Ait done or Officers, Servant or Servants respectively, by the said Company j nor Dock'Wc-0 shall any Fee, Perquisite, or Reward whatsoever, be taken, accepted, or mises. received by any Officer or Officers- of His Majesty's Revenue, who shall

or may attend, act, or be employed in the Discharge of any Duty, Office, or F.mployment of His Majesty's Revenue, within the said Docks, Basons,

Locks, Quays, and other Premises of or belonging to the East India Dock Company, for any Service, A&, or Duty which shall or may be done or performed within the same, touching or concerning any Goods,. Wares, or Merchandize that shall or may be imported and unladen therein; and that every Person taking, accepting, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, or Reward, contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence, not only pay back the Amount of the Fee, Perquisite, or Regard* l’o taken, accepted, or received, but in Addition thereto, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- ®xion?to°de tained shall extend to deprive or prohibit auy Officer or Officers of His pnvithcVe-Majesty's Revenue from taking, accepting, or receiving any Fee, Perqui* ^cnu« officer*

fitc. Fee* on Good* export ed.

2268

fcnte to be

t ken t.>r VN'haitage r

Caravans.

l'.att India Dock Com.

conveying r,oo'l«. ice. 3S shall he s^acd on.

46° GEORGII ill. Cap. 113.

dite, or Reward, which by Law he now is or shall be entitled to, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall or may be exported from the said Docks, Basons, Quays, and other Premises, whethet the lame Goods, Wares, and Merchandize final 1 or shall not have been previously imported into and unladen therein.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the Colls, ntl Charges, and Expences of making and maintaining such Wharfs and j Ouays, and of employing Labourers and Workmen for the loading c?

placing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Carts, Waggons, or Caravans herein-mentioned, it Avail and may be lawful to and for the East India Dock Company to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, to and for their own Use and Benefit, of and from the East India Company, or other Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, (over and above and besides the Rates granted and specified in the said recited A&, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty), for the Wharfage of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and for loading or placing the fame in the Carts, Waggons, or Caravans as aforesaid, the Rate or Sum of Two Shillings for every Ton of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, such Ton to be computed in the Manner set fonh in the said. recited A&y made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that it shall be lawful for the said East India Company, or their Court of Directors, upon sufficient Cause being shewn to them, from Time to Time to increase the said last-mentioned Rate in such Proportions, not exceeding, in the Whole One Shilling for every Ton of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Addition to the said Rate or Sum of Two Shillings fdr every 'ion ol such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as to them shall appear jull and reasonable: Provided always, that nothing herein contained, shall authorise the said East India Dock Company to make any Charge, or receive any Compensation for the Labour of landing such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the said East hrdia Company, or those to be delivered into their Warehouses; but such Work shall be considered aa. comp-nfared for by the Tonnage Rate or Duty granted by the said last-mentioned A£h

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of making and maintaining such Wharfs and Quays, and of employing Labourers and Workmen, and for carrying and

Df conveying such Goods, Ware?, Merchandize, Stores, Articles, Matters, and rl hings, to or from the said Docks, Basons, and other Works, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock Company to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, to and for their own Use and Benefit, such Rate or Rates, or Sum or Sums of Money, for the Wharfage, and for carrying or conveying such Goods, Wares, Mer-> chandize, Stores, or other Matters or Things, or any of them, to or from the said Docks and Basons, or for any other Service as shall be required, by the East India Company, or the Owners of the East India Shipping, for the Accommodation or Convenience of the said Shipping, as shall b«£ mutually agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors*, or their Difedtors, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such' Goods, Wares; Mer-, chandize, Stores, or other Articles, Matters, or Things, or the iaid.'EaJ% India Company, or the Owners of the East India Shipping* . ,

\.\iVIII. Provided ' «ft j >$ V M&)

46° GEORGII Ifl.’ Cap. 1I3. 2269

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend (p as to require or compel any pe]itd to «n-Body or Jodies Politick or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatso- East

ever, to employ the said Company of Proprietors in carrying or conveying company in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, or other Articles, Matters, or Things, conveying or any of them, to or from the said Docks, Basons, and other Works, but Good*' *c it shall and may be lawful to and for every-such Body Politic or Corporate, and every Person whomsoever, to carry and convey his, her, and their Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, Articles, Matters and Things, to and out of and from the said Docks and Basons, in such and the like Manner, as'he, she, or they would be enabled or empowered to carry or convey the fame, or any of them, out of such Docks and Basons, in case this Act had not been made: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any Person or Persons to use the Wharfs or Quays of the said East India Dock Company, without paying the accustomed Rate for Wharfage.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all "Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted or allowed to be taken, by or for the Use of the and applied. East India Dock Company, shall be payable, received, and recovered, in the Manner specified in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His, present Majesty, and that all such Rates and Sums of, Money as shall be collected or received by the said East India Dock Company, by virtue of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, for carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act and' this Act into Execution.

XL. And whereas, by reason or in consequence of certain Parts of the Comptiifa-Works, Improvements, and Regulations, intended by the said recited Act, 2e°to the made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and o.vneis, &c. this Act, some of the Lighters and Craft employed in the Business of said East India Company, which belong to Individuals, may become Jess. Tackle house valuable, by' Means of the landing and flipping of the Cargoes of E'djl por India Ships being in part diverted, than the fame respectively are at pre- ttrs, FreeVar-sent, and divers Owners of such Lighters and Craft employed as aforesaid, an«i and oTier Persons interested or employed in the Business of landing and for^i'cr*5' (hipf ing such Cargoes of homeward and outward-bound East India Ship- Damage oeca. ping, may thereby sustain Loss or Damage, and the yearly and other Re- the

ceipts of the Governors of ChriJTs Hospital, in the City-of London, for or Wcrki.and on Account of Car-roons or Figures for 'using Free Carts within the said tn°rt5*p0,er', City and the Liberties thereof, may also thereby happen to be lessened; Christ's Hof-be it therefore further enacted, That in case such Lighters and Craft em- ceffarj^on'’ ployed as aforesaid, or any of them, shall, by reason of the said intended Account of Works, or any of them, be rendered less valuable by reason or means of Car‘"»°n* the Business of landing or flipping of the Cargoes of East India Ships beii)g diverted therefrom, than they respectively were before the passing of this.

Act, or any Lightermen, 1 ackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, or Free Carmen of the City of London or other Person or Persons interested in.or employed upon the Business of landing or shipping of East India Cargoes,

shall, by reason of any of the fame Works, suffer Loss or Damage, or the yearly or other Receipts or Income of the Governors of drift's Hospital aforesaid, or of their Successors, for or on Account of Car-roons, shall, by reason of any of the fame Works, happen to be lessened or diminished [Ltc. Per,] 25 Q the

2%pce 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11$.

the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned for managing the Business of the Compensations authorized and required to be made by them, do and shall make or cause to be made such just and liberal Compensation or Satisfaction, by Purchase or by Employment, or otherwise, to the Owners of Lighters and Craft, and the Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, Free Carmen, and other Persons interested in or employed upon the Business of landing or shipping of East India Cargoes, and to the Governors of Christ’s Hospital afore laid, or their Successors, for the Injury, Loss, or Damage, which such Owner; of Lighters and Craft, Porters, Carmen, and other Persons, and Governors respectively, shall have thereby suffered or sustained as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners and such respective Owners of Lighters and Craft, and other Persons interested or employed as aforesaid, or between the said Commissioners and Governors, so for as relates to the said Car-ruons.

Commissioners of Com-pmfttion under the Isle of Dogs Act to be the Commission-

like Purposes

XLI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, certain Persons were appointed Commissioners for managing the Business of the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners of Compensations appointed in, or to be appointed by virtue of the said Act, shall be the Commissioners to settle and determine the Compensations to be made under this Act, and shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for putting in Execution this Act, with respect to the Compensations hereby directed to be made, as they have by the said former Act with respect to the Compensations thereby directed to be made; and the respective Parts of the said Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, relating to the said Commissioners thereby appointed, and the Compensations thereby provided for or directed to be made, and the Mode of ascertaining such Compensations, shall extend and be applicable and applied to this Act, and the Compensations hereby directed to be made, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Parts of the said Act, and the said Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things were herein repeated and re-enacted in the Body of, and incorporated with this Act 5 and that the said Compensations shall be paid and made out of all Or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Income composing the Fund called The Consolidated Ptlnd, in the same Manner as the Compensations by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed, are thereby provided to be paid; and that the River Tolls or Duties by the said last-mentioned Act and other subsequent Acts imposed, for raising a Fund for Compensations, shall also be paid and applied for making good the Monies which shall and may be paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, for making the Compensations provided by this Act, in like Manner as by the said Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed as to the Tolls or Duties thereby imposed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim shall be received or admitted by the said Commissioners for any Compensation, until after the Expiration of Three Years next after any Rate granted or made payable by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Ship or Vessel entering into Or using any of the Docks or Basons to be made by virtue of this Act, ^ave ^een taken j and the said Directors shall, and they are hereby ready for uft, required to cause Notice to be given in the London Gazette, and Two or 9

No C’aims to be made for such 1 oinp- nfa-tion», until Three \ ars fiei Noti e

2271

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1,13.

more publick Newspapers usually circulated in London, of the Day of» which such Rate stall have been taken, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the Day on which such Rate foall have been taken, an^ ail and every Bodies, and Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, and other Persons and Person whosoever, who shall deem himself* herietf, or themselves, entitled to any stich Compensation, shall, within One Year after the Expiration of the said Three Years, enter a Memorial or Memorials of such their respective Claims in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, which Book the said Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry such Clerk shall be entitled to such Fee and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesea is by the Law entitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the fame Number of Words; and that in case any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or other Person or Persons whosoever, shall refuse or neglect to enter or cause to be entered such Memorial or Memorials of such his, her, or their Claim or Clainjs in Manner aforesaid, within One Year next ensuing the Expiration of the said Term of Three Years, then and in every such Case all and every such Bodies and Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Person and Persons whomsoever, so refilling or meglecting to enter such Memorial or Memorials in Manner and within the Time 'rfforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, barred and excluded from all Right and Title to any such Compensation or Compete fetions whatsoever, under or by virtue of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided neve?-theless, that if any Person , or Persons entitled to, or who might claim any such Compensation, shall be absent from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland during the Whole of the said One Year, and there shall not be any Person in the said United Kingdom duly empowered to a & for him, her, or them in that Behalf, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so being or having been absent to enter a Memorial or Memorials of his, her, or their Claim or Claims in Manner aforesaid, at any Time within Two Years next ensuing after the Expiration of the said Term of Three Years, or in Default thereof such Person and Persons shall be, and is and are hrreby declared to be in like Manner barred and excluded from all Right an4 Title to any such Compensation under or by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- claimants tained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons whomsoever, so as aforesaid barred of any Right, Moueyfrom Title, Claim, or Demand of or to any such Compensation, from com-xnencing or bringing an Ailion or Actions of Debt, or for Money had fully received and received for his, her, or their Use, again!! any Person or Persons, the &me* or the legal Representatives of the Person or Persons who shall have received all or any Part of the Compensation Money to which the Person or Persons so barred might have been entitled, if he, she, or they had claimed and proceeded as aforesaid in due Time; and that in every such Case the respective Plaintiffs, on due Proof of his, her, or their Right and Title to any such Money, shall recover the fame, with legal Interest in Tespect thereof from the Person or Persons so receiving such Compensation Money, or from his, her, or their legal Representatives.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the pJreflori not said Directors of the £ajl India Dock Company already appointed and

hereafter bit for Ac*,

1

227i

legally done by them in the Capacity of Directors.

Co^sof the ‘Act.

[Publick Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

hereafter to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or either of them, shall, by reason or means or on account of their or his being Parties or Party to, or making, signing, or executing in their or his Capacity of Directors or Director for managing the Affairs and BuGnela of the said Eoji India Dock Company, pursuant to the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,; and this Act, or either of them, any Contract, Covenant, Agreement,-'Assignment, or Security, for and on the Behalf of the said East India Dock Company, or otherwise lawfully executing any of tire Powers and Authorities given to them, or any of them', by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them, be subject or liable to befued, prosecuted, or impleaded, either collectively or individually, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or elsewhere; and that the Bodies or Body, Goods, Chattels, Lands, or Tenements of the said Directors, or any of them, shall not, by reason, on account, or in consequence of any such Contract, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment, or Security so entered into, or made, signed, or executed by them, or any of them, as aforesaid, or any other lawful Act or Acts done or to be done by them, or any of them, in the execution of any of the fame last-mention#d Powers and Authorities, be liable to be arrested, seized, detained, or taken in Execution, but that in every such Case, any Person or Persons making Claim or Demand upon the said Company, or upon any Director or Directors thereof, under or by virtue of any such Contract, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment, or Security, or other lawful Act or Acts, shall and may sue and implead the said East India Dock Company in the Name of their Secretary, as provided by the said recited Act, made in the Forry-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in like Manner as if such Contract, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment, or Security had been entered into and executed by such Secretary, for and on Behalf of the said East India Dock Company, or such other Act or Acts had been done by him; and the Party or Parties so suing or impleading shall be entitled to the fame Remedies as are provided in and by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in Cafes where Authority is thereby given to sue and implead the said Company in the Name of the Secretary, but not to any further or other Remedy whatsoever.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, oujt of any of the Monies already subscribed, borrowed, or received, or to be subscribed, borrowed, or received, by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third If ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, or either of them.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, 'I hat this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaV, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1806. V! !T

- gfc s 1.S- B

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* iMt Ms*

5

n

K

11

ofct

fail

Mi-

Gz/>. 114.

An Act for the more easy ' and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Townships of Stockport and Brinnington, and within the Hamlets of Edgeley and Brinkfway, all in the County Palatine of Chester.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS within the several Townships of Stockport and Brinning ton, and in the several Hamlets of Edgeley and Brinkfway, in the Parish of Cheadle, all in the County Palatine of Chester, there are several very considerable Manufactorus which employ great Numbers of People, who contract many Small D^bts, which in the Whole yearly amount to a large Sum of Money , and although many of such Debtors are well able to pay their respective Debts, they often refuse to pay the fame, by reason of which their respective Creditors are either obliged* to forego their resptctive Debts, or for the Recovery thereof to incur an Expem e sometimes far exceeding, and in all Cafes greatly in Disproportion to the Sums in Dispute: And whereas ic would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the r.ecessary Support and Protetlion of useful Credit within the said several Townships of Stockport and Brinnington, and in the several Hamlets of Edgeley and Brinkfway, in the said Comty Palatine of Chester, if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the same were provided: May ic therefore please ¥our Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enadecj by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Sphicyal and Temporal, and Commons, in this present [Loc. Per.] 25 S Parliament

2278

Commissioners.

Meeting*.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord of thr Manor and Barony of Stockport aforesaid for the Time being, the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Stockport aforesaid for the Time being, the Curate of the Chapel of Saint Peter at Stockport aforesaid for the Time be:ng, the Mayor of the Town of Stockport for the Time being, John Arden, Francis Dukinfsld AJlley, George Hyde Clai ke, John Philips, William Davenport, James Harr if on, Robert Harrffon, Henry Harr if on, John AJlley, Lawrence Wright, Wilbraham Eger ton, Thomas Tatton, Thomas Marriott, Robert Bancroft, Peter MarJland, John Mitchell, William Bowncfs Cicrk,' Elkanab Hoyle Clerk, Peter Affton, George Martin, William Marriott Clerk, William Coppcck, Thomas Steele, Jeffs Howard, James Ramfcarr, Thomas Partington, James Taylor, Edward Redash, George Ferns, James Boots, Thomas Cartwright, Bradford Norbury, John Broadhurst, Peter Board-than, William Woodruffe, Charles AJlley, Jonathan Robinson, Samuel Dodge, Matthew Rawlinjon, Arthur Bojiock, Joseph Coppock, Edward Turner, Henry Barrow, James Horjky Rockdiffe. Jfph Bellolp, Thpma.s Fleet, Jonathan Worfencroft, Peter Barrow Joseph Fogg, James He aid, William Howard, Samuel Jowett, Joseph Ashton, Charles Bow.rs Grocer, John Back, John Marjland, Edward Thompson, Samuel Walker, Francis iffilfon, T^ornas Rcfu William Prlejlnall, James Kinder, Samuel Hazlehurst, John Graham, Solomon %born(ky, Richard Thomiley, Charles Potter, John Hope, John Collier, John Hampfon, Robert Gee, Richard Owen, Josiah Haughlon, Thomas Marjland, Olive Sims, John Robinson, John Rcbinfon Corr.factor, William Barlow Worthington, Jcfpb Lane, Emanuel Moult, Wd/iim Boulton, Benjamin Harr of, Thomas Sluiter, John Barlow, Joseph Howard, ThcmasWorsley, Jonathan Joule, James Atkinson, Henry Wild, John Wood, Thomas Che lham, William Stafford, Peter GodJar d, Peter Brown, John jackfen, John Davis, William Radiiffe, Samuel Taykr, Samuel Slack, George Priejlnall, Henry Hindley, William Bradshaw, Anthony Carrington, John Swinjell, William Canir.gton, John Holme, Matthe w^ Mayer, Thomas Hope, Thomas Ollivant, George Garf.de, George Ollivant, John Middleton, James Ollivant, Thomas Chelham Morrey, George Bennett, Edward Lambert, James Ogden, William Gleve, Nathaniel Chetham, Thomas Atcock, John Lowe, and Charles Turner, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the said fev'eral Townffips of Stockport and Brinnington, and in the several Hamlets of jpdgeley and Brinkfway, in the said County Palatine of Chester; and the said Commissioners and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice by the Name of The Court of Requefis for the several Tcwrships of Stockport and Brinnington, and the several Hamlets of Edgeley and Brinkfway, in the County Palatine of Chester.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the said Court 6n every Monday in every Month, or oftener if there shall be Occasion, in some convenient Place within the said Town of Stockport, to be appointed by the major Parc of the said Commissioners for that Purpose assembled; and the Full; Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be holden on the Third Monday in the Month ne*t after the passing of this Act i and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them who shall be present, such Number present not being Ids than Three, at their Meetings to be holden ift purfuarice of this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and to determine all such Actions and causes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give such Judgements, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon with the Colts against the

2279

.4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

Body or Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person or Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgement or make any Order or Decree, as to them shall feemjuft in Law or Equity; and in case of an Equality of Votes in any Action, Cause, or Question before the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case, the Commissioner present who stands first in the Lift of Names of the said Commissioners (which Lilt the said Commissioners shall and chey are hereby required to hang, cr cause to be hung up, in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet) shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

III. And for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court, be it Tim? of further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said Court,

or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, C^use or causes, to be heard or determined by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnessfes, in the said Court, in pursuance of any Action or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, lave and except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Decision of each

and every Action, Cause, or Question for the Recovery of any Sum not sumsno*-exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at lead of the said Commissioners shall ceerfing Forty be present in Court; and on the Decision of each and every Action, Cause, pivecSm-*"4 or Question for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five ntiifionert «or at lealt of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court. Smnsaiuvi

V. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Commissioners How new shall die, or refuse to acr, or shall cease to be qualified in Manner herein directed, to act, as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in chcien. C every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving and remaining Commissioners acting in Execution of this Act, or the major

Part of them as shall be present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Decease or Refusal to ad shall happen to be known, or so soon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint one other Commissioner in the room or (lead of every such Commissioner so dying, or refilling to ad, or ceasing to be so qualified; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, and for the Purpose thereof, shall be given by the Clerk to each of the said Commissioners, or left at their lad or usual Places of Abode, and such Notice shall also be affixed on the Door of the said Court House Fourteen Days at least before such Meeting shall be holden; and every such Commissioner so elected, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restridioos, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

2280

Commission' *rs to tjkc an Oath.

Form ef Oath.

Aof the tiomnviliion. ers good keloie CoflviSUoxu

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as 3 Commissioner in the Extortion of this Act(save and except in administering the Oath hcein contained tb the other Commissioners) until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do 1 solemnly affirm, according to the Farm in that Cafe made and provided]

‘ That I will faithfully, honcltly, and impartially, according to the bed ‘ of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine such Matters and ‘ Things as shall be brought berore me, by virtue of an Act made in the ‘ Foity-iixlh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [fit

forth the ‘Titleof t! is All] without favour or Affection, Prejudice or

Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and also that I am a

lloufrholder within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and that I am

pojfeQed of a RealEllate of the Value of Forty Pounds, or of a Personal EHate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges or ‘ Incumbrances whatsoever.

'So help me GOD.’ Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them,' is and ate hereby empowered and required to administer in open Coutt i and each and every loch Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (after taking the said Oath or Affirmation) to sign and subscribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon; and such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kepe amongst the Records of the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a Householder within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and seised of a Real Ellate of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of One Thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Commissioner In the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence (over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Cods of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall. sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West. Mhjler, by Action of Debt, or on the Calc, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be of the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all anil every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstantfrng such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. iu,. 2281

VOL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Apjojmment forihe Right Honourable nomas James IHarren-BulkclcyViicount Bulkeley, U1 ctrs' and Elizabeth Harriett Warren-Bulkeley Viscountess bulkeley his Wife, the Loid and Lady of the Manor and Barony of Stockport aforesaid, or the Lord and Lady or Lord or Lady of the said Manor and Barony of Stockport afo'efa’d for the Time being, and he, the and they is and are hereby autno-riaed and required, within Fourteen Days from and after the passing of this Act, to nominate and appoint, under their, his, or her Hand, fit and proper Persons for Clerk, Serjeant, and other necessary Officers of and in the said Court of Requests durng his and their good Behaviour; and that when and as often as it (halt happen that the Office or Offices of Cletk, Serjeant, or Crier, or of any other Officer or Officers, shall become vacant, either through Misbehaviour, Death, or Resignation, Suspension,

Dif-nilfion, Removal, or Incapacity, then and in every such Case the said ’Thomas James tVarrest-Bulkeley Viscount Bulkeley, and Elizabeth Harriett Warren Bulkdey Vif ountess Bulkeley his Wife, the Lord and Lady of the said Manor and Barony of Stockport aforesaid, or the Lord and Lady or Lord or Lady of the said Manor and Barony of Stockport for the Time being, are and is, and he, the and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, within Twenty-eight Days afeer such Vacancy shall happen, to nominate and appoint, under their or his or her Hand or Hands, another fit and proper Person to be Clerk, or Serjeant or Crier, or other Officer or Officers of and in the said Court of Requests during his and their good Behaviour; and until such Nomination and Appointment shall be made at aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said Court of Requests, or any Three or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, to appoint such Officers respectively to do the Business of the said Court, until such Nomination and Appointment shall from Time to Time be made as aforesaid; and all Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall be and be deemed to be (during such Time as they shall respectively aft) Officers under this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and entitled to all the Advantages and Emoluments specified in this Act, and subject to Removal from their respective Offices in like Manner as the Officers to be from Time to Time appointed by the Lord and Lady or Lord or Lady of the said Manor and Barony of Stockport aforesaid for the Time being are entitled or liable.

IX. Provided always, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any NoVictual-

Victualling House, Alehouse, or any Publick House of Entertainment, or b'

who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Spirituous or other strong Liquors any c'omnvf-by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any other Place of Profit belonging to the said Court; and that no Person nominated fu,h7during a Commissioner shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner during the I"*1) V'!" " Time he shall remain Clerk of the said Court. cScrlc'

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Pnwerforth* for the Clerk of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, to nomi- Sjvj " "p‘ nate one or more sufficient Deputy or Deputies to act for him in the Deputy. Office of Clerk of the said Court of Requests, which Deputy, in the Absence of the said Clerk, shall have the lame Authority as it the Clerk

was himself personally prefect, and (hsll from Time to Time be displace-able and rrmov ble, and shall accordingly be displaced and be removed at [Lot. fcf Btr.J 2 5 7 the

a282 46° GEORGII III. C^>. 114.

the Will and Pleasureof the said Clerk of the said Court of Requests for the Time being; and such Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and required to issue all Summonses, Warrants, and Piecepcs, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgements of the said Court, and do allluch Acts, Matters, and Things, as are directed or required to be done by the said Clerk by virtue of this Act *, and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper Books to be provided by such Clerk, and kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, of what Nature or Kind soever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Neglect or Refusa! of the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not be present to ad in the Execution of this Act as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the said Court, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Commissioners who shall be present, and if no Commissioner shall be present, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Tim? being, to adjourn the Did Court to the next Monday, or some earlier Day.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk and Cryer of the said Court shall do and perform in their respective Offices, as they shall be directed or appointed by the said Comm.ffioners i and the several Serjeants of the said Court shall serve all Summon.eS, and execute such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them respectively by virtue at this Act.

ma

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Clerk, Serjeant, be u^piaTcd'. Cryer, or oth r Officer, shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than are by this Act allowed to be raken, or other wise-, in the Discharge of their respect; tive Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath 'in open Court, the said Commissiont-rs of the said Court then (jtiing shall and they are hereby directed and required to enquire into the Nature of Th? said Complaint, and if it shall appear to be "well founded, then Fuch C6m-roissioners, or the* major Part of them so luting in Court’as aforesaid, ari hereby dirtded and icquired to caulc the whole Number of Commissioners of the said Court, reading within the Jurisd dion of the said Coi/rt, to be summoned to meet at a convenient J ime and Place, wtiich Meeting shall be holder) not sooner than Fourteen Days nor more than Thirty Davp after such Summons; and the said Comm.ffioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them present, shall and may examine and con fide r the Merits of such Complaint, and if it shall appear to fuih Commissioners of the said Court, or the major Part of them, that the said Clcik, S-ijean't, Cryer, or other Officer, hath or have been guii y of such Misbehaviour or Bitachcf Dury a' aforesaid in his or their Office or Offices, then a. d in every such Case, ir shall and may be Dwfui to and for nc said Como, f-li jners of the said Court, or the major Part c-f th- m, *o fufomd, dilmifs, or remove such Ckrk, Serjeant, Cryer, and other Officer, from his or their Office or Offices,

And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said by the Cun* Commissioners, and they aic hereby enabled to decide and *dc term me all nuffimien. ,4 Dllputes

If fuffirirnt

Couiiniifion. era do not at-end CVuit may be adjourned

Cfficfn of

4-6? GGEORG.II III. Cap. 114 2283

Disputes and Differences between Party and Party, far any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Actions or causes of Debt, whether such Debt shall arise from any Bond, Bill, or Specialty, for Payment of Money only, or any Promissory Note or Inlapd Bill of Exchange, or for Kent upon Lra'es, Articles, Minutes, and in all causes of Affumplic, and Infimul Computaffet, and in all causes or Actions of Trover and Conversion, and in all causes or Returns founded on a Quantum meruit, and in all causes or Actions of Trespass, or Detinue for Goods and Chattels, taken or detained.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act CommislUm-coma ned shall extend, or be confttued to extend, so as to enable the said ^"mine Com i iflionets to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, av'ji>c'hfe cr Herrd cements, or Real Estates whatsoever; or to judge, determine, or x de to^he decide on any Dcbc#where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years if Lar.tiis any Land , Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chatcels Real whatsoever, shall be br ught or come into questiop j nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Poundsor to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of the (To pation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fnuatc el’ewhere than in the said several Townships of Slockport and Brin-tiington, and in the foeral Hamlets of Edgeley and Bri?:k,way, or any of them, or by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or- Matrimony, j or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for of concerning any Agreement by way of Competition for or by way of R tainer of Tythes 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall ^cJ'e°lnsl"*t extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Plaintiff to split or for the Vur. divide any Caule or Action for the Recovery of any Debt, where the whole' p°/c of Sum shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sum of Five shim b5bre Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more tllc Court. causes or Affibns, for the Purpose of bringing such causes or Actions

within the Jurisdiction of the said Court and in case it shall appear to the said Gammissioners, that any Plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or herCauleor Action as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said

CommUiioners shall and they are here by required to dismiss, with Colts,

ev^ry,fut h Cause or Action so split or divided; but such Dismissa! shall not

hinder r prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his

or her Debt in apy of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other as h£ or Ihe may lawfully proceed.

XVII. Providedjajlyaysj and be it enacted, That in case any Plaintiff who shall have to split or divided such his or her Cause or Action, shall be iia:ntiff shall willing to accept such Sum of Mooey.as the said Court is in and by t*his he satisfied Act enabled to aj|jii4gq, d'-‘cre^, anu pronounce, in full of the Whole of his m "ey7n full or her Demand in fycb CauiLor Adiipn so split or divided, ihcn and in 'ah evtry f ch C^fe teto/Coiuraipiuners shall and may adjudge, decree, and Sch Action, pr mwnce, on Ippk Plaintiff proving-his or her Caiiic yr Cafe to the Saii‘-fuffion ot ibr laid CojjireiJli nets, such Sum to the Plainriffnoc exceeding the <Soin el Five Pou-ds,as.to,the said Commissioners shall fcemjultand real- nabje; . ..n-l fpp'i bum (halt, in the Judgement or Decree to be pionouuccd by the said ComirAffidners, be declared to be and shall be in

full

3284

for summor-in% Commissionert to attend.

Zut this not to exclude

ant other CoinmilBon* cn from acting.

debtors to be fuirmuned befuiethe Co m mi ffic tiers, who may mate such Order* between the Parties as they thirds fit.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Cause or Cafe so split or divided.

XVIII. And, to the Intent that noundue Preferencemay be made and given in summoning the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to attend the said Court, be it further enacted, That the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court for the Time being, to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby required to summon in each and every Week, by Notice in Writing to be left at the respective last or usual Places of Abode of the Commissioners to be fosummoned, Ten of the Commissioners to attend the said Court, as Commissioners for the Week next ensuing, and the first Ten Commissioners to be summoned shall be the Ten Commissioners whose Names shall (land first upon the Lift hereby directed to be hung up in the Court or Meeting Place of the said Commissioners, and the next Ten Commissioners to be so summoned shall be the Five Commissioners whose Names shall (land next in such Lift, and the Five last Commissioners who weie summoned to attend the last preceding Court, and so in like Manner Ten Commissioners shall be summoned for each ensuing Week in Order and Rotation, until such Lift shall be gone through, and then such Lift shall be gone through again.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to exclude any of the said Commissioners for the Time being from fitting in the said Court, allhough such Commissioners shall not have been summoned, or (land in Rotation to be summoned, but that each and every such Commissioner, if he shall think fit so to do, shall and may fit and hear, and assist in determining, g*ving Judgement, and making Orders and Decrees in the said Court, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities as any Commissioner so summoned as aforesaid , any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Meeting of the Lid Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (whtthrr such Person or Persons shall reside within the Jorifdiction of the said Court or not) having any Debt or Debts on the Balance of Account, of otherwise howsoever, not exteeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him. her, or tntm, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executors or Administrator, Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, or due or owing to him as Coll' 3or of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly associated and constituled by the Statutes in that Cale made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever, which the said Commissioners by this Act are enabled to judge and determine, and notexpressly prohibited by this Act, or by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever inhabiting, residing, or being within the said several Townships and Hamlets, or keeping or using any Iloufr, Warehouse, Wharf, Qua/, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, or using or frequenting the Markets there, or fe>k>ng a Livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the feme, to apply to tin Clerk of 'he Court (or the Time being, or his Deputy, win shall immediately make out

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 114 2285

and deliver to one of the Serjeants of the said Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing under the Hand of the said Clerk, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, cr them, and dating the Particulars of such Demand or Cause of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Comintluoners of the said Court, to answer such Demands; and such Serjeants shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons to be served, on such Debtor or Debtors, either peifonally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling Hourse, Warchouff, Wharf,

Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of such Debtor or Debtor1, being within the Jurism&ion of the said Court; and upon due Proof made of such Summons having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners present in Court, such Number present not being less than by this Ate directed, are hereby required and empowered to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Sentence and Judgement thereupon, and award such Colls of Suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Confidence.

XXI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Commii8*n-Determination of the Matters and Caufts which shall be depending in the a-h^'fiter said Court, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Oaiho.

for the said Commissioners present in the said Court to administer an Oath or Oaths, cr Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the said Court, or to any Party or Parties whom they the said Commissioners shall think proper to examine touching the Matteis then in question, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Parcv, and also to any other Person or Persons whose Evidence shall seem necessary towards the hearing or determining any of the said causes or Actions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpose requisite for the bettef Execution of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted No Evidence to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Cause or Action as

afore laid, or of ap^ Cause of Action except such as is flared in the said Matter Summers hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted Suf summons, on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of such Cause or nor by d?-Action, of any Demand he, she, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the Nature c.f a Set-off, to Itffcn or discharge himself, htrlelf. Demand he or tjiemjelycs from such Demand or Cause of Action, unless Notice thereof in Writing has been given to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by personal onicfs Notice Service, or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling House, Warehouse,

Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode; Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other him. ' Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the D y when such Matter or Cause shall be heard or tried.

XX lit. And be further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors who Debtor shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear either in apSlrTcorn-Person, or by. his, hep, y ffieirAgent, or fame other Person on his, her, «.tflbn«rs or their Behai/, before the said. Court, at the Time and Place mentioned may *roceui* ILoc, & \Pfr.J . ' 25 tf in

2286

And if the Plaintiff does »« aPPc’fg

Pemard, Defendant shall have Celts.-

Commissioners may award Executions against the Body or Guods.

Goods.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

in the said Summons, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in the said Court upon Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such reasonable Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, or of the Cause or on Account of which Suit Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear either in Person, or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall be pronounced against him, her or them, by the said Court, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Costs and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance, as they the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the said Court.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in any Cause, Action, or Cafe, where the said Commissioners shall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, and thereupon ic shall and may be lawfuL to and for the proper Officer of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party profecu.ing such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of Capias ad Satisfaciendum, or Fieri facias, to one of the Serjeants of the said Court, who by virtue of such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to take such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Courr, and carry him, her, or them, to any Common Gaol or Prison within the said County of Chejiery there to remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgement, for the Space of Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed; and in case any such Precept shall be issued upon Execution against the Goods and Chattels of such Party, such Serjeant shall and may and he is hereby empowered to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs as shall be lo ordered, decreed, or adjudged; and if the Party against whose Body or Bodies any such Execution shall be awarded, and Process thereupon shall issue, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Courr, upon due Proof made thereof before them, by the Oath or Oaths

2287

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award farther Execution either against the Body or Goods and Chattels of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be served by one of the Serjeants of the said Court in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, in case they shall think fit,‘for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorized and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by several Payments or Instalments, and under such Terms and Conditions as may appear reasonable and just to them the said Commissioners, for the Ease of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, in case any Default or Failure of any such Payments or Instalments so ordered, decreed, adjudged, and directed, shall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, to award Execution against the said Defendant or Defendants, or against any other Person or Persons, who may have given Security to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Directions of the said Commissioners, for the Payment of such Payments or Instalments in Manner aforesaid, for the whole Debt, or such Parc thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall feemjull and reasonable; and such Debt, or such Part thereof, and such further Costs, shall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed.

XXVI. And as it may happen that Persons served with Process issuing *9G*S<c-7 out of the said Court of Requests, may, in order to avoid Execution, re- RtVordof move their Persons and Efft&s beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such judge-the said Court; be it therefore enatted, That in all Cafes where a final "emovTd^nto Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings, t <e sup;rier shall have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to wjX’of4 " and for any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at V/eJiminster, upon Affidavit Execution made and filed of such Decree or Judgement being obtained, and of dili- ofaiy gent Search and Enquiry having been made afeer the Person or Persons of County, the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having issued against the Person or Persons or Effects, as the Case may be, of the Defendant or Dcfeadants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or a Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits, and it shal^and may be lawful to and for such Superior Court, to cause the^Record of the said Decree or Judgement to be removed into such Superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon, to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgement obtained in the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum < f Ten Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the lame out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or 8 Plaintiffs

2288

dorfe Drb.s f nd Gafts on the Precei t and if paid to Clerk of C.iurt before Sile, Execution ro be luperfeded.

Procefo not to issue against the

Perton and Goods and Cna'tels ot tli* fane Persons,

6th ti. j. .<58-17.

Commissioners to ,(u'p nd Proceedings in Cafes where Debt-

unable to pay the Debt.

6aolr-f See. to'rec eteve

Pe-lon committed.

46’ GEORGII III. Cap. tin-

Plaintiffs in the said Court, subsequent to tr.e said Decree or Judgement, and of the Execution in the Superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon each and every Precept to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Body or Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk of the said Court shall indorse or cause to be indorsed the Sum or Sums of Money, and the Cods so ordered, decreed, and adjudged i and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively, shall, before any actual Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or before he, she, or they is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, as herein mentioned, pay or cause to be paid, or tendered, unto the Clerk of the said Courr, such Sum or Sums of Money and Cods, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk, as a Compensation for his Trouble in receiving the fame and in entering an Acknowledgment and Satisfaction in full for such S m or Sums of Money and Colts, then and in every such Case the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body, or Goods and Chattels of the said Party or Parties, shall be discharged and set at Liberty,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Commissioners, to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons, in any Case or Cafes where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree, shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time during the Hearing of any Cause in the said Courr, appear by the Oath of any Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Commissioners present at the Court at which such Cause shall be heard, that such Debtor or Debtors is or are unable, from Sickness or unavoidable Accident, to pay and discharge the Debt or Debts for which he, she, or they shall have been so summoned, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the said Commissioners assembled at any such Court or Courts as aforesaid, to suspend or supersede the Proceedings in such Cause, until it shall, upon like Proof as aforesaid, appear to the Court that such Debtor or Debtors shall be able to pay such Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforesaid j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers for the Time being of the respective Common Gaols or Prisons within the said County Palatine of Clesler, shall and may and they are hereby required to receive and take into their Custody respectively, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed or ordered to (land committed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, present in Court \ and in case the Keeper or Keepers of the said Gaols or Prisons shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or their Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his or their Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his or their Custody,

GEORGII III. Cap. 114. 2289

and wilfully fufiVr such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, such Keeper or Keepers respectively so offending in either of the said Cafes, and being thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required ro administer) or upon his, her, or their own Confcftion, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices £ and in case such Sum shall not be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending, into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, then and in every such Case, such Sum shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender or Offenders, after deducing the Coffsand Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Forfeiture, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be distributed amongst the Poor of the said Township of Stockport, in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed , and in case sufficienc Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County Palatine of Chester, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Colts and Chargee attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Privilege shall be allowed

to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act from to Aitoruicf; the Jurisd;£tion of the said Court ofllequests, on account of his being a sworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or of any other Court whatsoever; but that all such Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers, shall be subject to the everal Proctfles, Oiders, Judgements, and Executions of the said Court of Kequelts, in the same Manner as any other Person or Persons is and are subject to the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no such Attorney, Solicitor, No Attorney* Scrivener, or any Person praft.sing the Law, shall be permitted to appear p^acliier uf in the said Court of Requests as. an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, for thiLaw, to or on Behalf of any PlainolVor Defendant, or any other Person, or to be rtavot*te* admitted to speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter

in which fitch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, is not himself a Party or "Witness and in case any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, shall appear in the said Court of Requests ns an Attorney, Solicitor or Advocate before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself a Party or Witness, then and in every such Case such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener so offending,

(Fall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on being convicted thereof, before any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Gbefler, upon the Oath ot one or more credible Witness or 'Witnesses (which Oath Inch Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required f Lee, Per,2 25 AT to

2290

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

to administer) or on his own Confession; and in case such Sum of Money shall not be paid forthwith by the Person or Persons so offending, into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, then and in every such Case fu.h Sum of Money dial) be ievied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Sea! or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, after deducting such Fine or Forfeiture; and the Celts and Charges of such Distrcfs and Sale, when so paid, or Ievied and recovered, shall be distributed amongst the Poor of the Township of Stockport, in like fanner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Art directed to be distributed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees herein-after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk, Serjeant, and Crier, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act, for the Recovery of all Sums not exceeding Five Pounds; that is to say.

To i os. inclusive. To 4 cs. inclufiwe T»£ 5 inclusive.

s. d. S. d. s. d.

a 3 o 6 I o

° 3 o 6 o 6

o 6 o 6 I o

° 3 o 6 o 6

° 3 o 6 o 6

o 6 o 6 o 9

o 6 o 6 I o

O 2 ° 3 o 6

O 2 O 2 o 4

° 3 o 4 o 6

O 2 ° 3 ° 3

o 6 I o i 6

O 2 0 3 ° 3

o 4 o 6 I o

0 1 O 3 o 3

And

To the CLERK.

Entering every Cause.

issuing every Summons -

Entering and drawing up Judgement, Decree, "1 or Order - - - - . J

Paying Monty into Court and entering -1 fame in his Book - - - J

issuing Subpoena . r

issuing any Attachments, Precept, Order, or J Execution ..... J For every Nonsuit ..... For every Search in the Book ... For Swearing any WFncfs.

To the SERJEANT.

Serving every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, > within One Mile of the Court - - J

If above One Mile extra, for each Mile Execution of any Warrant, Precept, or At- \ tachment against the Goods or Body - J If beyond One Mile from the Court, for every

extra Mile - - - - J

If an Assistant be necessary for the Serjeant for j the Assistant .... j

IF beyond One Mile from the Court, for every j Milaextra ..... J

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

And the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang up and affix, or cause to be hung up and affixed, a Table of all such Fees, in fmne conspicuous Place of the said Court or Place of Meeting of the said Commissioners, in order that all Persons concerned may be enabled to perufc the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages, or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, shall be clue and owing to any menial Servant,

Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistanr,

Labourer, or any other Person whatsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and/nay be lawful to and for such Servant, Clerk, Bookkeeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, A Aidant, Labourer, or other Person, to fuc for and recover such Debt in the said Court, in the same Manner as if he or'(he were of full Age; and the said Commissioners present in the said Court, are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have such and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants were all of full Age.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom- 39th & 4ctH soever, who shall be committed to the said Gaol or Prisons by Order of the said Court, for any Debt or Debts, shall be kept or continued in fonmeni of Custody, on any Pretence whatsoever (except in Cafes herein-after provided for) fot any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are herein-after limited in that Behalf; (that is to say), where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does noc exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more then Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debe (e^elusive of Costs) is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Four Pounds, then no: more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the said Keeper and Keeper of the said Gaol or Prisons is and are hereby directed and required to Jiicharge such Persons accordingly.

XXXVI. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons sum- ifany Debtor moned for Debts to the said Court from the fraudulent Concealment of

their Money or Goods, be it further enacted, That in calc upon the Sum- Good*, the mons of any Person for any Debe or Debts before the fiitl Court, Information of any such Practice shall be given, such Court shall have Power to junbe' hear Evidence is to such fraudulent Concealment; and in case it shall be enlarged,^ g proved to their Satbfadion, upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses (which Uaih the said Court is hereby empowered to administer) that any such Debtor has Money or Goods which he or she has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then ana in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid'Time of

Imprisonmern

229!

Table of Fte> to be hung up in the Court.

Debts due ly Persons uriaTi-Age may be

2 2g2

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

imprisonment to any Period, in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

39 & *o C i-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and BiTu»e li Persons who shall betaken in Execution under or by virtue of any Process

Time of issuing from or cut of the said Court of Requests, 2nd who at the Time

imprisonment ol his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or dtring his, her, or their separateiv anJ I imprisonment, shall have more than one Execution agair.fthim, her, or them, fncecflWcly in the said Court, shall be imprisoned the Time by this Act limited, strand In Execution. respect of such Execution; and after the Time lo. limited in the FirltExcce-tiunis expired, the Imprisonmenc on the Sec e nd Execution shall commence; and after the Time so limited on the Second Execution is expired, the Impri-ibnmenc on the Third Execution shall commence; and so on until he, she, or they shall luve been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited, for and in resptd of each kparate Execution to be issued against him, her, <.r them, in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during'his,her,or their imprisonment; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bibters net

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person impri-to rar foned by virtue of this Act, shall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of 16 G. jC. c* 38. Imprisonjnenr, be discharged and set at liberty withouc paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward, or other Gratuity whatsoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys (if the said Gaol or Prisong, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol or P i'.'ons, or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited fur his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two may detcrC.fS Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester to hear and OffcnhCtl determine every such Offence, and such Two Justices are hereby autho* enct* rized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed, in case such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Pa-tv accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesse*, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for fu h Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hinds and Seals, for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture by Distrcfs and Sale of the Giods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges or such Distreli and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in cale fbfficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices ro commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County Palatine of Ohrfitri for any Time not exceeding

2293

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cells and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged; and one Moiety of fudv Penalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons infoiming or suing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Oak to the said Commissioners, and the same shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the said Township of Stockport, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant or Serjeants, or other Officer or Officers of the said Court, employed to serve any Execution, shall, by wilful Neglect, Omission, or Connivance, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abicond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or lecreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Monty for which such Execution was awarded by the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided lor Recovery of their Debts , and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to imp >fc any Fine riot exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, on such S- jeant or Serjeants, Officer or Officers; and such Fine, if not forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Wapranc under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducing such Fi6e, and the Colls and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels j and such Fin0, when so levied and recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the said Chmrni(Iidn£rs- in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, amongst the Poor of the said Township of Stockport, as they the said Commissioners may think lit and proper.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Serjeant, or C.rver, or any other Officer or Servant employed by che said Commissioners in putting this Act or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, shall exheb, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than and except such Fees as are appointed and allowed to them respectively by virtue of this Act-, for or.on Account of any Thing, done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to putting this Act into Execution, every such Person so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof beforethesaid Commissioneraatany of their Meetings, or upon Verditl or Judgement being had against him in such Action as next herein-after mentioned, be for ever incapable of ftrving or being employed under this Act in any Office of Profit or Emolument, and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to any Pcxfon or P.Tons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within Three Calendar Months after the Qstence commiticd, in whi(h Action cr Suit no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

\Loc, & Per.~\ 15 Y

Serjeant neglecting his Duty to pay the Debt.

Officers taking

besides the

Fees allowed by the Ait.

46° GEORGII III. Cpp. ii 4.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons residing or being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after having been duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be iflfued by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, and paid or tendered his or her reasonable Expences to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summon', due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no sufficienc Cause for hi', her, or their Abfeme or Non-appearance being shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court, and Oath being made before the said Commifii >ners, by the Party or Parties at whose Infiance and on whose Behalf such Subpcenaor Summons iffurd, that the Person or Personslerved therewith was or were a Witness or Witness-s, by such Party or Parties judged necessary for the Pioofoi higher or their Cauie or causes, Ad ion or Actions, Complaint or Complains, Defence or Defences, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to impose any Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, on such Person or Persons; and in case such Fine shall not be paid forthwith, such Fine shall and may be levied by Distr-T and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducing such Fine, and the Costs and Charges if such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Instanceor on whole B half such Subpcer.a or Summons shall have been issued; and in case sufficient DistreL shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction in and for the said County Palatine of Chejicr, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

Punishing

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Person guil'y upon Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners of Perjury. any Action, Cause, or Marter depending in the said Court of Requests,

or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace adiing in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in force or effrdt, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury arc subject and liable to.

Commission-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Comm:fTioner of the wheTthey^e Court for the Time being, shall be Party to, or concerned or interested interestcT in any Cause, Action, or Matter depending in the said Court, or shall be the Father, or Son, or Brother of any Person or Persons concerned or interested in any such Cause, Action, or Marter, such Commissioner shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner on the hearing or determining such Cause, Action, or Matter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but such Commissioner, after being heard in such Cause, Action, or Matter, shall withdraw until the fame be finally determined; and if the Clerk or his Deputy,- tr other Offir of the said Court for

2294.

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 114. 229S

the Time being, shall be a Party to or inttTcfted in any Cause, Action, cr Matter depending in the said Court, such Clerk, Deputy, or other Officer shall not exercise his said Office in such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the said Commissioners forming the said

Court, shall and may aj.point another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk or Deputy, or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to i'uch Cause, A&iun, or Matter.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons ffidl For supporf-contemptuouily and wilfully insult cr abuie all or any of the said Com- JJjrt,{j!p missioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the Time being, i.iie court anti during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the said Court, or go’ngtoor

from the said Court, or shall hinder or obstrud the P.oceedings of the said Cour, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, with or without the AiTil-tance of any other Person or Persons, by the Order of the said Commissioners, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody ar-d the said Commissioners ffiajl ex'mine into such Insult, Abuse, or M:fbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what raffed, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Withcffes; and upon such Infulr, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, being proved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to itnpose a Fine nor exceeding Ten Pounds on each and ^very such Offender or Offenders; and in case such Fine shall rot be forthwith paid, such Fine shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, after deducing such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels j and the said Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the Commi/Honers in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, amongst the Poor of the said Township of Stockport, as they the said Com-nnflioners shall think fit and proper; and in case sufficienc Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the said Commissioners, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County Palatine of Chejieri for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court Copy of the shall fix or cause to be affixed or It tick up in the most publick Part of the said Court, or other Place where the Commissioners of the said Court ttucit ,pi, shall meet, a true Copy of the preceding Clause of this Act, to jj'u<f"urt the end that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance no thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any jo&aoG. j. Debt recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, verooftfi*" shall be commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or elf where than in anyothn-the said Court of Requests (save and except in the Comt for the L.iberty £°h[sKr[0,r,tr. of the Hundred of Macclesfield, in the said County Palatine of Chfier), ablaimhis, then and in every such Cale, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or 10

Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, 0 ’’ c'

9 have

3296 46° GEORGII III. Gap. 114.

have or be entitled to any CoIJs whailbcvc.r , and if the Verdict (half be given for such Defendant or Defendants in loch A-'tion or Suir, and the Judge or Judges before whom the fame (half be tri d or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall* have Colts, and such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Goffs in any No Proceed- ^-a^es by Law; and no Action, or Suit which shall be comment! d orpre-ing to he re- fecuted in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor any moved into Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any Superior Court, Cour r»except, except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in Cafes where the Defendant or *tc- Defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themlclve?, or his, her,

or their Effects, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after a- Deciee or Judgement by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Prefcefs vrh'atfuever; buc every such Decree and Judgement shall be final and conclusive Nothing between the Parties to all Intents and Pjrposes what foe ye r: Provided wined to pre- always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to vent any Per- extend, so as to prevent or restrain any Person from cifbaining for any diitrailing ^ent or Arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the Sum of

for Rent. Five Pounds.

where Debt

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where 2ny Debt (h ill be due TUeofr°crfb 3n<^ ow‘nK» or demanded from any Two or more Persons jo ntly, by fammoning, reason or on account of such Persons being Partners in 1 rade, or bt'hrrwHe one t'them jointly concerned. Service of such Summons as aforesaid cn any one of

cient.^ such Partners or Persons, or left at his, her, or their last u ual Place or Places of Abode, Warehouse, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, ‘ trading, or working, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of such Partners or PerLns were fepa ately summoned as aforesaid.

Statute of XLVIII. And, fur removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limita-^aTi het,0n9 tions may be pleaded in the said Court of Requests, it is. hereby further

pleaded. enacted and declared, That all Defendants jn rite laid Court, shall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitation in force and effect; and every Defendant so pleading or claiming, shall have and receive such and the like Advantage and Relief thereby, as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been mr.de, and he, she, or they had been sued for the fame Dybt or other Cause of Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lVe/lmir,fttr> or any other Court, and hud there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Actionr or Suit.

AtpHcation"11 XLlJT. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties cr F6 feittires by ®fPenalties, virtue of this Act imposed {the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) Hull be levied and recovered by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commflioners (which Warrant such CommtfTionCfs aY<f hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Partyj or upon the Evidence of any-eredible Witness ppon Oath) and the Overplus (if any) of the Monty arising by fueftDiffrcfs and Sale^FhalPbe'muffled Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, afitr \ltfdtTftiftg such

Fines

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 114; $297

Fines and Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distrcfs; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein before-directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Cletk to the said Commissioners, and shall be by the said Commissioners distribured amongst the Poor of the said Township of Stockport, in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them,

shall think right and proper; and in case sufficient Distrcfs shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County Palatine of Cke/fer, there to remain, without Bail ot Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof shall be sooner fully paid and fttisfied.

L. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction Con*

shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the v

Form of Conviction shall be in the Words of to the Effect following

(that is to say),

4 DE it remembered, That on this Day

, of in the Year of the Reign of i A.B. is convictecJ

before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County Palatir.c of Cpefier [or, before Three of the Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts, within the Townships of Stockport and

Brinnington, and the Hamlets of Edgeley and Brink/way, in the County Palatine of Chester, of having [as the Offence shall be'] and I [or, WeJ 4 the Taid do adjudge him,

4 [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame, such Offence being contrary to the srovisions of an A&, made in the Forty-fixch Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this

4 AS\ the Sum of Given under

4 my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid*4

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distref. not for apy Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distrcfs f*;,"want* itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the ot Form, fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distr.fsj or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the ipeual Damage m an Action upon the Cafe.

1,11. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, proce(.d;ngf or Judgement, or other Proceedings nude touching or concerning any of not to be the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any SwtSfform Qfielder or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for or removable*

Per, J 25 2 Want oy Ceittor;al*

4-6° GEORGII III. Cdp. 114.

Want of Form only, or be removed or removabW by Gertiorari, or by arty ctKrr Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or el few here j any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twentyrone Days before Rich Action be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs specifying the Caule of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her^ or thrir Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought , and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court after such Action shall have been Jnroughr, at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur-foance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad com; m tted, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Chester, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and Upon such Verdict, or if the PU'intiff shall be nonfnited or discontinue his, her, or their Action Of Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs then and in every such Case the Defendant or Drfendants shall recover Coils, and have such Remedy for recovering the fajne, as any Defendant hath tof Colls of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

I>V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all judges,’ Justices, arid others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahajt, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

k

ii>

k

b

I*

>1

Ik

b

b

b

b

*t

it

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS

u

5J&

ilk

k

v*

ik

anj

bill

tin

It*

d

ft

m

at

Cap. 115.

An Act for continuing and amending fereral Acts of Parliament for improving the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cum berland. [ 12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign \/%/ o) Her late Majesty Queen June, intituled, An Act for pr eferving 7 Annerecited.

▼ Y and enlarging the llarb ur of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and thereby the Bounds and Limits of the said Harbour were fixed, and certain Rates and Duties were granted on Coals exported from, and Goods and Merchandizes imported into the said Harbour, and certain Duties were granted on the Tonnage of Shipping for the Term of Fourteen Years,.for making certain Moles and other Works for preserving and enlarging chc said Harbour, and for deepening the fame, and for other Purpoi'es in the said Act mentioned; and Jawcs Lowther Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, Lord of the Manor of Saint Bees, for the Time being, in the County of Cumberland aforesaid, and divers other Persons, were appointed Trustees for carrying the said Act into Execution: And whereas by one other Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term for Pay- IO Annt re. went of certain Duties granted in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the died-Seventh Tear of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, ‘An Act for preserving and ‘ enlarging the Harbour c/While I aven in the County of Cumberland,* the Rafts and Duties granted by the said recited Act were continued for the further Term of Fourteen Years from the Expiration of the said former [Lee. fc? Peri] 26 A Term;

2302

4.6°$£0RGH in Cap. 115.

Term: And whereas by One other Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 13G 1. recited. An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years cf Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for p^eferv-ing and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County ^/’Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town e/-Waite haven, the Rates and Duties granted and continued by the said recited Acts were further continued for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and certain Tolls, Duties, Powers, and Authorities were granted for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading to the Town of Whitehaven therein particularly mentioned: A;.d whereas by One other Act passed in the Firth Year of the Reign of 1G. 3. recite.!. His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing so much of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Tear of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of Her late Majesty Queen Anne for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing a>.d amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, as relates to the preserving and enlarging the said Harbour, the Hid recited Acts were further continued for the Term of Twenrv-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and the Powers thereof were altered and enlarged: And whereas by One other Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His prefen; Majesty,

G. 3. rec;tc.J. intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament relating to the Harbour of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the said Harbour, and for lighting the said Town and supplying the fame with Water, and for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty as relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said Roads should be repaired; and for repaving several other Reads therein mentioned in the said County, the said recited Acts were further continued for and during the Term of Twemy-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and the Powers thereof were altered and enlarged: And whereas by One other Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act *10.3. recited for continuing an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,'" An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parlia-6 mint relating to ikeHarbourof YVhitthave< in the CounlyofCyiiwbrrUnd, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the said Harbour, and for lighting the said Town and sup- plying the fame with Water, and for regulating the Carmen there-, and for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenly-thirdTear of His late Majesty as re-

laics to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and diredirg hew the said Road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other Roods therein men- t toned in the said County j the said recited Acts were continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and the Powers thereof were altered and enlarged: And whereas by One other Act passed in the Thiity-second Year of the

G . ieei{.d Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further enlarging and improving the Harbour of Whitehaven;/* the County (^/Cumberland, the Limit* of the said Harbour were further enlarged, and the Powers of the said recited Acts were altered and amended: And whereas in pursuance and by virtue

of

46i* GEORGII III. Cap. n$. 2303

r.f the said several Acts the said Harbour of Whitehaven hath been considerably enlarged, deepened, and improved, and several llrcng and fub-tsar.tial Moles, Whaifs, Quays, and other Works, have at great Expence been made and erected, whereby Ships in the said Harbour can now lie in Safety, and whereby the Trade and Navigation within the Port and Town of Whitehaven have been considerably inercafed, and the said Town hath been greatly improvtd, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, so far as the fame relate to the Port,

Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, which Rill remain due and owing; and the said Port and Harbour cannot be effectually maintained, or the several Works aforesaid firiished and kept in Repair, or the said Town of Whitehaven be effectually lighted and paved, or the Money lo borrowed be rrpjid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged: May it therefore please Your M;jrfly that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiiitualand Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts, and all and every the Clau e$,

Powers, Provisions, Duties, Penalties, Forfei ures, Punishments, Articles, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except so much of the continued., laid recited Acts as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and l’o much of the same as concerns or relates to the several Roads therein mentioned, and also except such Parts of the same as are varied, altered, or repealed), so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port,

Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall have Continuance for and during the Term herein-astir mentioned, for the several Purposes in the Lid recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town, and in this Act mentioned and contained, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Pur* poles as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts or any of them, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, or Town, or which shall grow due upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Porr, Harbour, and Town, and of this Act, and that the Persons who are or shall be for the Time being Trustees of the said recited Acts, under the Provisions therein contained relative to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven^ shall be Trustees for carrying this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further ennded, That no Ad of the said Trustees shall what Number be or be deemed good, valid, or effectual, unless the lame be done ac of Trusteei fomt Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this n,ay aft’

Ad, (except as may be therein and herein excepted) and that all the Powers and Authorities by the said recited Acts and this Act granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them, who shall be present at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the said recit' d Acts and this Act, the whole Number' of Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Eleven; and all 1 heOtdas imd Proceedings of themajor Part of the Trustees present at such rheir several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame

were

2-304

Trustees to *How salaries 10 Officers, &c

ThattheTown is not properly paved, &c or fesured again It Fire.

Tmtfees to direct Carriage and Foot-ways to be paved.

Footway8 not to be altered without the Content of the T ruitec*.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. itJ.

wtre made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being, (save and except as mav hr 'herein and herein excepted), and that at every Meeting of the said 1'iuftecs a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when ard as oK-n as it shall so happen that there shall bean Equally of Votes at a y such Meeting upon any Question, (including the Vote of the Chairman), ihena'd in any such Calc it shall and may be lawful to and for such Chairman to give the dec dive or calling Vote.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for me i d or Lords for the Time being of the said M inor of Saint Bees, a«.d any E even or more of the rest of the said Trustees, to grant and allow such Salaries’and Allowances to the Treasurers, Clerks, Collr&ors, Survey rs, Engineers, Pier Mailers, Deputy Pier Malles, Harbour Mailers, and all othe; Officers and Servants acting by and under the Authority of the Trustees for the said Porr, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, as to the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees shall I'eem right and proper; and all such Salaries and Allowances shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them.

IV. And whereas the Footways, Streets, Lanes, and publick Paffag s and Places within the said To wn of Whitehaven, are not properly flaggedor paved; be it therefore enabled, That the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Mano i f Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the reftof the said Trustees for the Time beingot the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, shall and m-iy from Ti re to Time and at all Times after the passing of this Act, direct and order the several Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town of Whitehaven and Limits thereof, both in the Carriage and Footways to be paved or Ragged, and such Pavements to be from Time to Time amended and kept in Repair upon such Level? and in such Manner, and with such Materials as they shall think necessary or proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall without the Consent and Approbation of the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor ot Saint Bees, and any Eleven or mo^e of the rest of the said Trustees of the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, make or cause to be made any A iteration in the Form of any of the Footways or other Pavements within (he laid Town of Whitehaven, then and hi every such Case every such Person shall at his or her own Expence, within Five Days alter Notice given him or her for that Purpose, or left at his or her lall or ulu.il Place of Abode, by the Lord or Lords for the Time being of thr f ij M nor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or moie of the rest of the said Trudies, or theft Clerk, put the Pavement or Flagging, or Way which flail have been so altered, into the fame Form and Condition as it was in before the making of such Alterations, and in case of Neglect or Rt filial so to do, the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, shall and may cause the same to be done, and the Colls, Changes, and Expences thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the Person who ought to do the fame, and such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be recovered in case of

Non-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115. 2305

Non-payment on Demand in like Manner as any Penalty is herein directed to be recovered.

VI. And be it farther enabled. That the Occupier of each and every Fwtwaysto House or Tenement within the said Town of Whitehaven shall Three Days Three^imci in every Week, that is to say, on Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday, a Week, between the Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of the said relptftive Days, scrape, sweep, and cleanie the Footway along the Front of his or her respective House or Tenement, or cause the same to be scraped, fwepr, and cleansed, and in Default thereof every such Occupier shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shilling*; such Sum to be recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof, in like Manner as any other Penalty is herein directed to be recovered.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House, Occupiers of Building, or Tenement within the said Town shall and he 2nd (lie is hereby wnPoftsult4 required, at his or her own Costs and Charges, within Twenty-one Days Signs, &c.' after Notice in Writing, signed by the Lord or Lords for the Time being

of the said Manor of Saint Bast and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, delivered to such Occupier, or left at his or her usual orlaft Place of Abode, to cau!e all Polls which the said Trustees shall think useless or inconvenient, and likewise all Step*, Iron or other Rails, Palisadoes,

Pillars, Walls, or Fences, projecting over or upon the Footpaths within any of the Lid Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, to be taken down, removed, or altered, and also all Window-hatches and Doors opening and leading over, upon, or from the said Footpaths into Vaults,

Cellars, Entries, or Under Kitchens, to be removed or altered, so that the fame may not be dangerous, or incommodious to Passengers, and all Signsor other Emblems used to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any such Occupier, and all Sign Polls, Sign Irons, Penthouses, Porches,

Sheds, Show Glasses, and Show Boards, Watering Tubs and Troughs,

Pumps, and Stalls projecting ioto any of the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places to be taken down and removed; and in cale any such Occupier shall neglect or refute so to do it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Btes, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be taken down, removed, carried away, altered, or reformed in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to cause such Signs or other Emblems, or such Pans thereof as they may chink proper, to be affixed or placed in the Fronts of the Hauses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings where to they belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise, and shall return to the Owner thereof so much of the said Signs or other Emblems, S gn Ppfb, Sign Irons, and Show Boards, and of the Materials of the said Pcoti pi f s. Sheds, and other Things so taken down, removed, carried away, altered, or retormed, as shall not otherwise have been made ulc of, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences incurred thereby shall be paid out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act, and shall and may be recovcicd of the Occupier of such House, Building, or Tenement, in like Manner as the Raes or Assessments to be made in pursuance of this Act, or of the said recited Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are hereby and thereby directed to be recovered; and if any Cellar Window, Cell r Door, Under Entry or Kitchen Hi *11 be less open after Sun-fee in any Evening, or be opened b:fore Sun-rising in the ’ [Lee. iVr.J 16 B Morning,

2306

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11$.

Morning, without being sufficiently lighted to prevent Accident happen* ing therefrom, then and in every such Case the Occupier of such Cellar, Vaulr, Under Entry, or Kitchen, shall fa>r every such Offence forfeit and Truste?s may pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always that the said pe,°cw!»f au Trustees O.all and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon Ap* terations, &c. plication made to them for that Purpose by the Owner or Occupier of any House or other Building, to allow and pay to i'uch Owner or Occupier, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, such Sum of Money towards the Expence which may have been incurred by such Owner or Occupier by the t king down, removing, or altering any such Ports, Steps, Iron or other Rails, Palisadoes, Walls or Fences, Window-hatches and Doors, Signs or Sign Ports, Sign Irons, Penthouses, Porches, Sheds, Show Glalfes, and Show Boards, Watering Tubs and Troughs, Pumps, and Stalls, as the said Lord or Lords for the Time being of the Lid Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, Hull think reasonable and proper j provided that every such Alteration or Removal shall have been made agreeable to the Order, and under the Direction of the said Trustees.

Occupier* of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House, House> to take Building, or Tenement, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Saint nd Cutter* ^ees* an^ the Minister or Deacon officiating in every Meeting House or u Chapel in the said Town, shall, and he or she is hereby required, at his or her own Costs and Charges, within such Time and in such Manner as the said Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time (by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be delivered to every such Occupier, Churchwarden, Minister, or Deacon as aforesaid, or left at his or her usual or last Place of Abode) direct to take down, or cause to be taken down, all Spouts and Gutters which now or hereafter shall belong to such House or Building, or to any Church, Meeting House, or Chapel in the said Town, and to cause the Water to be conveyed from the Roof or Roofs of or belonging to such House, Building, or Tenement, Church, Meeting House, or Chapel, by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to and down the Sides thereof, and carried under the Flag or other Pavement to the common Channel j and in case any such Person shall neglect or refuse so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby required to cause the same to be done, and to levy the Costs and Charges attending the fame upon or from the Persons aforesaid, in like Manner as the Rates or Afiirffrnents to be made in pursuance of this Act, or of the said recited Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are hereby and thereby authorized and dirtfted to Tenants to be levied and recovered; and every such Person being Tenant at Rack d?nce!our o?" ^cnt ^eduft an^ retain the fame out of his or her Rent, and the Per-Iheir Rents, son entitled to the Rent of such Premises is hereby required to allow such Deductions.

for prevent-

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any House or other Building in 'projeSus. or near any Street, Lane, or other publick P.iffageor Place within the said Town and the Limits thereof, shall after the passing of this Act be made, erected, or built in such Manner or Form as in the Fronc or in any of the Gables or Sides thereof, to project into or over such Streer, Lane, or other publick Partageor Place, or in any other Manner or Form than in 3 a Per-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ii§. i$o7

a perpendicular Line or Direction upwards from the Foundation of such House or Building; or if any Spout, Pipe, or Trunk for conveying Water from the Rcof, Eaves, or Cornices of any House or other Building in any Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place in the said Town or the L.imics thereof, shall be affixed otherwise than from the Roofs, Eaves, or Cornices thereof by such Spouts, Pipes, or Trunks in the Fronts or Sides of such Houses and Buildings respectively, and brought down to the Ground; or if any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll or other Poll, Shed, Pent* house, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Kail,

Pale, Palisadoe, Perch, Bulk, Show Glass, Show Board, Pool, Cel's Pool, Cittern, or Reservoir for Water, or any other Encroachment or Projection against or in the Front or Outside of any House or other Building within cr adjoining to any Street, Lane, publick Passage, or Place within the Lid Town or the Limits thereof, shall be made, erected, or built so as to obstruct the free and commodious Passage along any of the Carriage or Footways of the fame, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners of every such House or other Building, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Post or other Port, Shed, Penthouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Paliladoe, Porch, Bulk, Show Glass, Show Board, Pool, Cess Pool, Cistern, or Reservoir for Water, or other Encroachment or Projection which shall be so made, erected or built as aforesaid, or of every such Spout, Pipe, or Trunk wlvch shall be so made or affixed, otherwise than as aforesaid, contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings a Day for every such House or other Building, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Port, or other Post, Shed, Penthouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Palisadoe, Porch, Bulk, Show GlaL, Show Board, Pool, Cess Pool, Cistern, or Reservoir, for Water, Spout, Pipe, or Trunk, or other Encroachment or Projedhon, shall continue in such State as is herein provided against; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Uses, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees (whether any of such Penalties or l?or:eitures shall be levied or not) to cause all such Houses or other Buildings, Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Potts and other Ports, Sheds,

Penthouses, Steps, Stairs, Bow Windows, Window Shutters, Stumps,

Trees, Rails, Pales, Palisadoes, Porches, Bulks, Show Glades, Show Boards, Pools, Cess Pools, Cisterns, and Reservoirs for Water, Spouts,

Pipes, Trunks, and other Encroachments and Pmjedtions, or any of them, to be takrn down, taken away, and removed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes Person* havin* where any Encroachments or Projedlions as aforesaid shall be made against t^/nTwrijry^ or in the Front of any House or Building wherein any Person or Persons one Years, shall have any Estate, Term, or Interest, originally granted for Twenty- er‘of HonTciI one Years, or Three Lives, upon which any Fine or Fines hath or have &c. been paid, or any greater Ellate, shall be and be deemed to be the Owner or Owners of such House or Building, so as to be liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred by the Owner or Owners thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall upon any of the Footways or Foot-pavements within the said Town of White- havent or Limits thereof, run, draw, drive, cr carry any Truck, Wheel Scree;*. Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier or Carriage v/hatsoever, or roll

any

2308

Trufltes to appoint

Watchmen-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1x5.

any Cask or Tub other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, into, upon, from, or out of any Carriage, or for any longer Space than the Extent of the PfemiLs in the Occupation of the Person from or to wht.fe House or Building such Calk or Tub shall be rolled, (such Prcihilrs adjoining to or having immediate Communication with such House or Building from or to which such Calk or Tub shall be rolled), or if any Perlbh shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horle or other Beall, or any Cattle whatsoever, on any of the said Footways or Footpavcment*, or fer any Calk, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench or any other Matter or Thing, so as in any Manner rocaufeany Obstruction or Impediment in the Footway, or on the Footpavement, or shall in any Street, Lane, or other publick PafLgeor Place within the said Town or Limits thereof, hoop, fire, cleanle, wash,orfcaldanyCalkorTub,orhew, saw,or cut any Stave, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make orrepair any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or Other Carriage, (except such as may want immediate Repair from any sudden Accident on the Spot, or which cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpose), or if any Person shall kill or daughter, or shall feald, Tinge, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in Part, in any of such Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, or cau'fe or permit any Blood or Offal to run from any Slaughter House, Butcher's Shop, or Shamble into the fame, or any of them, or shall hang up, place, or expose to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, dr Garden Stuff, Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing projecting over, or in or upon the Footway or Carriageway of any of such Streets, Lanes, publick Palfrges or Places, or so as co obstruct or incommode the Pafftgc of any Person, or Carriage therein, or shall commit any other Kind of Obstrwftion or Annoyance in any such Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place within the said Town, then and in every such Case every Person so offending in any such Cases shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords, for the Time being, of the said Manor of Saint Bets, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees of the said Port, Harbour* and Town of Whitehaven, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time toYime to appoint such Number of Watchmen to be employed within the said Town or Limits thereof, for so long Time in the Night; under such Regula'ions, and for such Wages as they the said Trusteefi shall think proper, and to provide such Watchmen with proper Arms; Ammunition, Weapons, and Clothing, for the Discharge of their Duty, and to erect and set up any Watch House or Watch Houses, and any Watch Box or Watch Boxes in such Place or Places as they the said Trustees shall think proper; also to appoint One or more fit Person or Persons in tha Rc om or Stead of any Watchman or Watchmen who shall die, or shall be discharged from his or their Office for Neglect of Duty, or other Miibv* haviour in Office, and also to impose any Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings, on any Watchman or Watchmen for every such Neglect, or other Misbehaviour (such Fine to be deducted out of the Wages of such Watchman or Watchmen), and from Time to Time to make Orders and Regulations for the better Government of the Watchmen to be so appointed, and to repeal such Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and to substiture others.

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Watchmen to be appointed and employed as afutesaid, shall during the Time of their being upon Du y in their respective Stations, use their utmost Endeavours to prevent any Milrhicf by Fire, and also any Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays, or other Outages and Dilorders, within the Ian I Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and the Limits thereof, and that it shall be lawful for all such Watchmen and he and they is and are hereby required while on Doty to apprehend and secure all Malefactors, Rogues, Night Walkers, Vagabonds, and disorderly Persons within the Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and Limits thereof respectively, who shall disturb the publick Peace, and all suspected Persons who (h ill be found 'vandering about, or mdbehaving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to secure and keep in lafe Custody in the Common Prison of the said Town of Whitehaven, or such other Place or Places to be provided by the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, every such Person in order

1 that he, she, or they may be conveyed, as soon as conveniently may be,

bc ore some Justice of the Peace, for the County of Cumberland, to be examined 3iiu dealt with according to Law , and iif any Person or Persons shall assault or refill, or shall promote or encourage the assaulting or refilling any such Watchman or Watchmen in the Execution of his or their p.ity, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any i Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Victualler, or Keeper of any

I Publick House, shall knowingly harbour or entertain any such Watchman

or Watchmen to be employed as aforesaid, or permit or suffer any such i Watchman or Watchmen to be and remain in his House during any Part

1 of the Time appointed for his being or Duty, every such Victualler or

1 Keeper of such Publick House shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay

f any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds.

XIV. And be it former enacted, That for the more expeditious extinguishing of Fires that may happen in the said Town of Whitehaven, it shall Be lawful for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of

| Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees of the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and they are hereby empowered cp make andcause to be made, under any of the publick Streets, Lams, Passages, ot Places, within the said Town or the Limits thereof, fuel) and so many Reservoirs lor qiilcfting and preserving Water as they lb«li think fit r and that any Fireman or other Person, by order of any one of the fold Trustees, or their Clerk, present at any Fire, shall or may lake up or break any of the Pavements within the said Town, or any Water-pipe or Water-pipes laid or to be laid therein; and the said Trustees shall and may, from Time to Time, order and appoint such and so many Plugs, called Fire Plugs, to be put and placed into the main or other Plugs laid or to be laid along any Part or Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, P.iffages, and Places, anti belonging to any Person or Persons, Pro-pi is for or Proprietors whatsoever, for the better obtaining Water for the working of the Fite Engine or Engines, or otherwise extinguishing of tuih h i.es, but for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever: Provided always, that all suchPavements so to be broken, and all Damage happening the reby, shall be repaired and made good by the said Trustees out of the Rates and Monies lobe raised by virtue of this Act.

[Lee. (d Prr.] 26 C

23 °9

Watchmen’*

Dufy.

Penalty for assaulting Wathraen.

Fire Plugs to be made.

=3io

Trii(tees may contract fir racing he Tow.., a d

Watch-'^oxes, H re- engines.

Pavements, &c vetted in

46° G & O RGII III. Cap. 115.

XV. And be it further enact^d, That it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the relt of the said Trustees of the said Port, Harbour, and Town o( Whitehaven, from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person o Personvfor the paving, flagging, and keeping in repair the Foot-m a s, Streets, P iths, Passages, and other Places within the said Town of Whitehaven, and Limits thereof; and also to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the furnishing of any Marenals, Matters, and Things nereflary for the carrying of the said recited Acts and this Act int- Execution or any of them, and for any other the Purposes of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and this Act, or of any of rhem; and such Trustees shall, and they are h-reby r-qui ed, to take Security from every such Contrador for the due Performance of his or her Contract and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Trustees, from Time to Time, and at all 1’imes hereafter, tocontrad and agree with any Person or Persons on account of Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum 01 Sums f M nev as the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the fairfAtfannr o' Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees ih-tU think roper, f> as the Sum C) compounded and agreed for be not leis than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and all Colls, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

XVI. And be it furtherehaded, Thar all the present and future Pavements, Flag Stones, and ;Curb Stones in the several Streets', Lanes, and other publrck Passages and PLces within the Lid Port, H rbour, and Tawn of Whitehaven and Limits thereof, and the Stones, Gravel, and other Mat*, rials, of which as well the Foorways as Carriageways of such Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, do and shall consist, and also all Fire Engines, Fire Buckets, Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Posts, Watch Boxes, Watch Houses, and other Houses and Buildings erected, fixed up, made, or built by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or to be erected, fixed up, made or built by virtue of the said recited Acts, fof >r as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and of this Act,or of any of them,andallMaterials, Implements, and other Things purchased or provided, or which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of the said recited Acts so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town oi Whitehaven, and of this Act, or of any of them, shall belong to, and be the Property of, and the lame is and are hereby vested in the said Trustees for the Time being of the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven \ and that the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment, (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure or destroy the several Articles and Things, hereby v. sted in them the said Trustees as aforesaid, of »ny of them, or any Part or Parts thereof-, and in all such Actions and Bills of Ind dment respectively it shall be sufficient to state generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Ind id men? preferred, is or are the Property of The Trustees for the Improvement

2311

46° GEORGII III. Cap. uj.

of the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehavenwithout pirticularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of such Trustees; and the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, shall have full Power and Authority f.om Time to Time to f-ll and dispof'e of, for the f'u poses of the said recited Acts and of this Act, ail or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, to such Person or Perfom, and in such Manner as fjch Trustees shall think, pr per; and it any Person or Persons shall wTully or rmhcioufl/ break up, injure, destroy, or otherwise damage any of the Articles or Things hereby vested in them the said Trustee*, or any of the Works none by them in pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVII. And whereas from the Increase of the Commerce and Population if new Streets of the said Town of Whitehaven, new Streets, Lanes, and Ways may from [^powers* of* Time to Time be found necessary to be laid out and made within the said pavi«p. watch-Town of Whitehaven; be it therefore further enacted, That when any new Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Paffaaes shall be laid out and made in or ten to >cm* near any Parr of the said Town of Whitehaven or Limits thereof, ic shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords for the Time being, of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees of the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, to cause such new Streets,

Lanes, Ways, or PafLges, to be thereafter lighted and watched, under the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts and of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord pOWertoap-or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any point Re-Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees of the said Purr, Harbour, j^tcs*Sur-and Town of Whitehaven, to elecc and appoint from Time to Time fit and veyoiiof proper Persons to be Collectors or Receivers of the R ites and Duties autho- Ffrvc^enntJ[c. rized to be collected and received by virtue of the Lid recited Acts and of this Act, or of any of them, and Surveyor and Surveyors of the Pavements hereby authorized to be made and kept in Repair, and all such and so many Keepers and Managers of Fire Engines, and able-bodied Men to be Fire-Men within the said Port, Harbour, and Town, and Limits thereof, and such othei Officers as the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, shall think proper j and from Time to Time to remove and displace all or any of such Officers as they shall see Occasion, and elect and appoint others in the Room or Place of such of them as shall be so removed, pr shall die, or resign their Offices; and ailb that it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords fprj the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, from Time to Time, by, and opt of the Rates and Duties granted and continued by virtue of this Act, to pay such Wages and Salaries, and make such Allowances to the said Officers and to all other Pcnons to be employed in or about the Execution of this Act as such Trustees shall think reasonable and proper-, and they shall require and take such Security from every such Collector and oiherOfficers lo to be appointed, for the Execution of their respective Offices, as such I rufhcs may think proper, and every Officer and Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under his Hand, at such Time or Times

and

32 2

+6' GEORGII Hi. Cap. ns.

and in such Manner as the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint B*es% and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all Money which shall have been by such Officers respect* tvely received by virtue of or for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or of any of them, and how much thereof hath been paid and disburstrd, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers of such Payments, and shall pay all such Money a* shall remain in their respective Hands to the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, or to such Persons as they shall appoint, and every such Person so accounting shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to administer and take) verify such their respective Accounts, and if any such Collector, Officer* or Person, shall not make and render, or shall neglect and refuse to verify upon Oith any such Accounr, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees or their Clerk within Five Days next after being the re* unto required by Notice in Writing signed by such Trustees or by their Clck and given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer crPerion, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or of'any of them, or give Sathfaction to the said Trustees or their Clerk respecting the fame, and if Complaint shall be made thereof by or on Behalf of the said Trustees to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place* wherein such Treasurer, Collector, Clerk, Officer, or Person shall be or reside, such Justice is htreby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Collector, Officer, or Person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned, and not appearing or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint in a summary Way, and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One credible Witness upon Oath, tt shall appear to such Justice that any of the Money that shall have been collected and raised by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or of any of them, shall be in the Hands of such Collector, Officer, or Person, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required reorder the Payment thereof, and open Non-payment thereof by Warrant underhisHardandSeal, to cause such Money tobe levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector, Officer; or Person, together with the Costs and Charges of iuchDiftrefs atvd Sale to be settled and afeerrained by such Justice, and which he is hereby authorized and empowered to settle and ascertain, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Party or Parties so distrained, or leaving the fame at the Piace where the Distrtfs shall be made, or if it shall in Manner aforesaid appear to any such Justice that any such Collector, Officer, or Person shall refaft or neglect to render or give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Acr, Or of any of them, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Collector, Officer, or other Person, and he shall have refuled or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid* then and in every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Collector or

Officer

23 T3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

Officer or other Person to the Common Gaol of the fa'.d County of Cumberland, or to the House of Correction of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or fl ail have compounded with such Trustees touching the fame, and hive made such Compofni n in such Manner as thry shall appoint, which Compufi ion the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the Lid Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, are hereby empowered to make and receive, or until he (h ill deliver up all such Books Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof as aforesaid: Provided always, that no fu. h Officer or other Person who shall be lo committed by virtue of this Act, for wine of sufficient Diflrels, shall be detained in P.ifon for any longer Space of Time than Thiee Calendar Months.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, lc" ' ar *' and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees for the said Port,

Harbour, and Town oi Whitehaven, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to license such and so many Waggons,

Wains, Carts, Dra.s, and other such Carriages as to them shall seem right and proper, to pry or be kept for Hire, for the Purpose of carFying or conveying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Matters and Things within the said Town of Whitehaven and Limits thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Penalty for for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, ^eswithout and any Eleven or more rf the rest of the said Trustees of the said Pott, a Licence. Harbour, and Town of Wlntehnven, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, for each and every such Licence, for each and every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, and other such Carriage, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more, which Money shall be paid to the Clerk of the said Trustees for his Trouble in making out such Licence; and if any Person or Persons shall after the First Day of Aicgujl next ply with or carry or Convey for Hire in any Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, or other Carriage, any Goods, Warts, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing within tnfe said Town of Whitehaven and Limits thereof, or in any Part thereof, such Person Or Persons not being so licensed by such Trustees, then and in every such Case, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to require any such Licence to be taken for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage employed or hired for the Purpose of carrying or conveying any Good*, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing beyond the Limits of the said Town of Whitehaven.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees to«p-and for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint point Stand. Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees for- the Lr Carrugei. Jsaid Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, from Time to Time

to appoint such Stand or Stands for all such Waggons, Wains, Carts,

Drays, and other Carriage*, and for the Drivers thereof respectively, to (land and ply for Hire within the said Town and Limits thereof, as tb them such Trustees shall seem right and proper; and if any Person or Per-[Lor. 26 D fons

S31*

Carriage* to be numbered

Fares to be regulated by the Truittea

Table! of Feres to be

Penalty on

Drivers mif-behaving.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

fons shall stand and ply for Hire with any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other fuel* Carriage, in any other Place or Places than such Place or Places as shall be so appointed as such Stand or Stands, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall, ior every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of each and evtry such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage so licensed and used or kept for Hire Hull paint or cause to be painted liich Number or Numbers as the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees of the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, shall direct or appoint, in white on a black Ground, each Number not being, ids ..than Twelve Inches in Length, upon or fixed or attached to one Side of each and every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, and other such Carriage, or upon 01 to such other Part or Parts thereof respectively as such Trustees shall direct or appoint j and if any Person or Persons shall (land or ply with or let for Hrre within the said Porr, Harbour, and Town or Limits thereof, any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, not having such Number or Numbers so painted upon or fixed or attached to such Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other such Carriage, cr having such Number or Numbers, or any Part or Parts thereof, not clear and legible, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence forfeit anti pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lor,d or Lords for the Time being.of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trusters of the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, to ascertainand affix the several Rates or Fares to be paid for the Use or Hire of every such Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, or other such Carriage, for carrying or conveying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and other Matters and Things within the said Town and Limits thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof, and from Time to Time to advance, lower, vary, or alter such Ratts or Farts, or any of them, as to such Trustees shall seem right and proper; and when and so often as such Rates or Fares or any of them shall be ascertained, fixed, advanced, lowered, varied, or altered by such Trustees, the same shall from Time to Time be painted upon Tables or Boards* which Tables or Boards shall be fixed or put up on the Lighthouse within the said Harbour, and upon the Door of the Custom House, and upon the Doors of the several Churches or Chapels within the said Town of Whitehaven, and such Tables or Boards when so fixed or put up, shall be and be deemed to be full and conclusive Evidence of all such Rates to all Persons whomsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Driver of, of other Person attending any Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, or other such Carriage so licensed as aforesaid, and Handing or plying for Hire, shall refuse or neglect (when applied to for that Purpose by any Person or Persons whomsoever) to carry any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other fatter or Thing to any Place or Places within the said Port, Harbour, Town, and Limits thereof, or within any Part thereof, or If the Owner or Driver of, or any other Person attending any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, so licensed as aforesaid, shall demand

or

23^5

46" GEORG IT III. Gap. »f,".

or take any greater or larger Rate or Fare titan such Rate or Fa/eTo 'afeef*

tained and fixed as. afor. said, anti ci’ which such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or shall in anvwlfc infuic or otherwise rr.ifbehave himself or themselves co any Person or^esfons whomfuever hiring or employing him or them, or if the Driver of any such Waggoo, Warn, Cars, Dray, or other such Carriage, shall not duly attend the fame, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending fharl, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings', and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords for the.Time being of; the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the left of the said Trustees of the said Porr, Harbour, and Town of IVbilebaven, in case they shall hint fit, to take away and revoke any Licence or Licences (o granted for any Wrggon or Waggons, Wain or Wains, Care or Cam, Dray or Drays, or other Carriage or Carnages.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Provisions for refuse or neglect to pay on Demand to the Driver of any Waggon, Wain, fecunng Fare*. Carr, Dray, or other Carriage, so licensed as aforesaid, the Money jullly

due to him for the Use or Hire of fiijch Waggon, W'un, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, according to the Rates or Fares f> a far mined and fixed as aforesaid in pu’rfuance of this A4L it-shall and may be lawful to and for any J office of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Summons against the Person or Persons complained of, to appear before him at some Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, to answer the Matter of £ompLint, and on Proof on CEih of the Service of such Summons it shall and may be. lawful to and for, such Justice to proceed in and to hear the Matter of fucb Complaint, whether the Person or Persons summoned Hull appear or nor* and to make such Order therein as to such Justice shall fcerri meet* and if the Person or Persons against whom such Order shall be made fluff not immediately pry down the Money (if any) which shall be ordered as a Satisfaction to the Driver or Drivers of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, for the Service done, and such further Som for the Lcfs of Time thereby Ov cafioned, to the Complainant or Complainants, as to the said Justice shall seem meet, the same shall and may be recovered by Distrds and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus (if any) of die Money arising by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the C.fts and Charges of making and felling such Diffrefs and Sale,shall be returned to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattcls; but in case iuffirientDiftrcfs shall not be found,or such Money as aforesaid shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or Hpufe of Correction for the said County of Cumberland, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless such Money shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XXVI. And be it further er.acted. That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees may and for the Lord or Lords for ths Time being of the Lid Manor of Saint j^wt S'e-Bets, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees of the said gulat'ng w«»-Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, from Time to Time to make, Son,»*c' ordain, and establish such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations

for the Conduct of the Owners and Drivers of the several Waggons,

Wains, Carts, Drays, and other Carriages, so licensed as aforesaid, and Jikewifefrom Time to Time to repeal, add to, amend, vary or alter all pr any of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the Lord

C*1 *6 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint fires, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustee.% shall seem m.<-ft fitting and requisite, and to fix and appoint seasonable pecuniary Penalties not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Nor-observance or other B each of any Inch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or of any Part or Parts of them; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regul.luOns shall be printed, distributed, and stuck up, or placed upon the L’iih houlr, within the said Harbour, and upon the Door of the Custom House, and the Doors of the feverj1 Churches or Chapels within the said Town of Whitehaven \ and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations lb made, printed, and distributed, and stuck up, shall he good, and fh.iH be binding upon all Persons concerned, provided that the fame be r>ot incon-fiftent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or incontinent with or repugnant to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained , and such Bve Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be subject to Appeal in Manner by this Act directed.

Addirional XXVII, And whereas certain of the Rates, Assessments, and Duties Rates granted authorized by the said Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present for lighting, Majesty, to be levied and collcded for the Purpose of lighting the Lid watch ing the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, have been found insufficient, Town, ttc. and 1S expedient that such other Rates and Duties should be granted sufficierrt todefray not only the Expences of lighting the said Port, Harbour, and Town, but all'o the Expences of paving, cleansing, and hatching the said Town and the Limits thereof, and securing the fame against Fire and the other Expences incurred in consequence of this Act and the Powers herein Katestobe contained; be it thVrcforefurther enacted, That for paying and defraying Housefcctc. the Expences already incurred and unfatis fied, and to be hereafter incurredfor

the several Purposes of lighting, paving, and citanfing the said Town, and of watching the said Town, and providing the Means of Security against Fire, and the other Expences to be incurred in consequence of effecting and executing such several Purposes, it shall and may be lawful, at allTimes hereafter, to and for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Beej, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees for the Time being of the said Porr, Harbour, and Town, and tiny are hereby authorized and required Twice or oftener in tvery Year, as iney shall fee Occasion, to cause such Sum or Sums of Money to be raised by a Rate or Assessment on all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Wharf, Ware* house, or other Tenement, and also upon the Landlords or Owners of any Lands, Houses, Shops Wharfs, Warehousts, Buildings, and Erediobs, divided into separate Tenements or Parcels within the said Town of White-haven (save and except upon all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit any Dwelling-house which shall really and bond fide be let at or appear to be worth no more than Thirty Shillings, not exceeding in the Whule in any one Year, (such Year to be computed from the Commencement of the first Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act) (he Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, over and above and in Addition to the Rate of Sixpence in the Pound authorized and directed to be made by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King. George the Third, on all and every Person and Persons inhabiting, holding, occupying, or enjoying any Land; House,' Shop, Wharf, War<?house, or

other

i

I

o

fit

il

it,

td

jht

the

'tin

k

!fof

ind

frr,

tc*

rrc-

rot

the

h

'fee

W

lilt-

tall

|'V

I*

6*

X

{f

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115. 2317

other Tenement, and also upon the Landlords or Owners of any Lands,

Houses, Shops, Wharfs, Warehouses, Buildings, and Erections divided into or let out into separate Tenements or Parcels, within the said Town of Whitehaven j and the Annual Value of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Wharfs, Warehouses, Buildings, and Erections, such Annual Value to be from Time to Time ascertained by the respective Sums such Lands, Houses,

Shops, Wharfs, Warehouses, Buildings, and Erections shall be respetft-ively rated at, to the Rate or Assessment for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Par.<lh of Saint Bees, and the Townships, Liberties, and Places in which such Lands, Houses, Shops, Wharfs, Warehouses*

Buildings, and Erections shall Hand or be situate; and the Monies arising from such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be appointed and disposed by the said Trustees for the several Purposes of defraying the Colts, Charges, and Expences of paving, lighting, and cleansing the said Town, and of watching the said Town, and of providing the Means of Security against: Fire, and of defraying other Colts, Charges, and Expences incurred by effecting and executing such several Purposes; and all such'

Rates and Assessments shall be paid by equal Half-yearly Payments to the respr.ctive Collectors of the Rates or Assessments appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act; and such Monies shall be by every such Collector paid over to the said Trustees of the said, Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, or to such Other Perlpns, at such Times and in such Manner'as the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees shall from Time to Time direct or appoint*

XXVIII. And, in order to ascertain the Rates and Afl^ffmenfs to be made Power for by virtue of this- Act j be it further enifted, That it shall and may be lawful tp and for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the Lid*Manor mi, Rate of Saint Bees, and any Rleyen or more of the rest of the said Trustee® of the said Port, Harbour, and Town ci Whitehaven, and they are hereby V‘° authorized and empowered to cause all or any of the Books or AflVfiments of Rites towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Bees, and the Townships, Liberties, and Places within the said Town of Whitehaven and Limits thereof, to be brought before them, and to take or cause to be taken a Copy or Copies of such Books or Assessments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without Fee or Reward; and if any Person or Persons in whofr Custody or Powrr, any of the said Books or Assessment% shall re-fufr or neglect to attend hr. h Trustees with, lbch Books or Assessments in Ms* her, or their Custody or Power, or to permit or fuft'rr the said Lord or Lores for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the Teftof the said Trustees f>r the said Purr, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, to take or cause to be taken a Copy or Copies thereof, then and in rv.ry lu h Cafe eV-riy such Person so offending shall for eve:y such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXLL. And be it further enacted, That after any such Rdteor Rates, Mode of n* Assessment or AfT-ffmrncs, shall h vc been so rated, addled, and charged covering by virtue of this Act, and after the said Rate of Sixpence in the Pound Ral*‘" shall br charged by virtue of (he laid recited AfV, made in the Second Year of the R-:gn of H*s p’efent Majesty. the CelIc&or or Collectors appointed for the Purpose of collecting such Rate and Ra'es AlftflVnenr [Lee. & Peri] 26 E and

sitS 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115. and Assessments shall, and he and they is and are hereby required tocolk^t the fame accordingly; and in case any Person or Persons who flrjall be rated or r.fTeffed, or subje&or liable to the Payment of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments to be made or laid, or made payable by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act, made in the Second Year q{ the Reign of His present Majesty, shall refuse or neglect to pay fuqh Rate or Rates; Assessment or Assessments to any Collector to be appooed as a fore Paid for the Space of Three Days after personal Demand made by the Collector or Collectors thereof, on Demand in Writing under the H wd of any such Collector, and left at the last or yfual Place of Abode Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, or on the Premises so charged with such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessmentsi then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and direct the said ColieCfcor, or any other Person, to levy such Race or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, or on the Goods and Chattels found on such Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels to be so distrained, on Demand, after deducting the Costsand Charges attending such Distress and Sale j or it shall and may be lawful toand for the said Trustees for the said Porr, Harbour, and Town of Whitehavento recover any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, due and payable by virtue of this Act, and also the said Rate or Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound to be levied and collected by virtue of the said recited Act, made In the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of H>s Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protecti. n, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Application i'ation, when amounting tO 16ol.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or ul'ed by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or any of them, so far as the fame concern or relate to the Lid Porr, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, or of this Act, for the Purposes thereof which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Admimftraicr, Hufbar.d, Guardian, Committee, or other Truflec, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ccffuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are l inked in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for the said Port, Harbour, and Town, for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or

53»9

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affetting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fime or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes or where fu.ch Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as thd Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, rtdod settled or limited, or such of them'av at the Time of making Rich Conveyance and Settlement shall be existhig, urivle-i tennined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall’ by Order of the Paid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant Ge-i neral, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities *, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold fur the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Perfort or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Fronts of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (o hereby directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or- Settlement were made*

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so Application of agreed or awarded to be paid.^ for any Lands, Tenement*, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- tiumooi, ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall beless than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed pr be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy,

Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to tefignified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into die Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Account General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to 7'hree Trurtets, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved by the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor o \ Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees for the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven^ for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination’and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands o( the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before tiire&ed, so far as the Calc may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction ‘ and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo- Application of ney so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than

*320

la ease of not making out Titles;

found, Pur-«hase Money

the Bank;

subject to the ©rder of the Court of ChaHcery, on

Petition.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Pcffons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lb purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fir, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons fa entitled respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, shall relufe to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees for the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven , or in case such Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money lb awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Enghnd, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interred in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the ia:d Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition,shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Difinbution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the re pective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereumo, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Gafhier or Calli ers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Mcney, is is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Ule the lame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

SeVitK"

»o be paid, the Person who shall be in Poffrflion of Che Lands etc. shall he

tk d ihmto

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Qiuftion f>all arilc louching the Titlr of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant (General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of ti ls Ad, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftaic, Right, of Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be per* chafed in pursuance of the said, recited A«51s, so far as the lame concern or-relate to the Lid Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, or any of them, or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the'

Person

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115. 23*1

Person or Persons who shall have been in Pofllffion of such Lands, Tenements,' or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possffion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Iatertfl therein.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when by Reason of any The Court of Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled Sav'wSer

to any Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments to be purchased under the reasonabe Authority of the said recited ASsfo far as the fame concern or relate to the pJJSJJSa to said PoTr, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, or any of them, or of be paid by this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be requited to be paid lb* Truitcea. into: the Court of Chancery, and be applied in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the* like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited A<5ls, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Fort, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaveh, or any of them, or of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of ali Purchases, from Time to be made in pursuance of the said recked Alts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port,

Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, or any of them, or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, ;tq be paid by the said Trustees, for the faiefPort, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, jour of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts, To far as the fimeb concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, or of this AGP, or any of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such s as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVI. And whereas the Rates and Duties on the Tonnage of Ships Add't’onat and VeflH's on their Arrival at the said Port of Whitthaven, are inefficient £utie* 0,1 for repairing the said Porr and Harbour, and for carrying the several Pur- or,n‘,g' poses inro Execution to which such Rates and Duties are by the said recited Acts, or'Or.e them, directed’to be be applied; be it therefore enabled,

Thac it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lbd or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of 'Saint Bees', arid’ any Eleven or more of the left of the fttd-Tr'oftees of the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, ro: cterraod and take, or ca'. fe to b- demanded or takt n, in- cale the Lord ©- Lords for the Time beirih; of the fil'd Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the !a:d Trustees shall think expedient-, from the Matter or other1 Person or Persons having Rule or Command of any Ship otVcfTs! ilporl her Arrival, st the said Po-; or Htrbour from any other Pott or Place within the tfriiVec! Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Ore Surri'bf Oiie Penny per Ton; arid from Mailer or ether Person or Persons havirigPC Ruie of Command of any Ship or Vessel Open her Arrival dt thr said Po*t or Harbour from any Port oi‘ Place her last Disthar^ein Europe, other than born any Port pr Plaqc fj-Per.-] W/ ' ...:rn.

2322 4 GEORGII III. Cap. lie,.

within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Sum of One Penny per Ton; and from the Mailer or other Person or Persons having the Rule cr Comm and of any Ship or Vessel upon her Arrival at the said Port, from any Port or Place of her last Dilchirge ip Asia, Africa, or Americat the Sum of One Penny per Ton, according to the Tonnage of the Ship or Vessel so arriving at the raid Port and Harbour; and such respective Rates and Duties on Tonnage shall be, and are hereby declared to be over, and above and in Addition to any Rate or Rates, Duty or Duties, on Tonnage, that can or may be raised, levied; or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them.

Additionil

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That such additional Rate and

beSiedikS! Duty and Duties on Tonnage, shall and may be raised, levied, and

collected in such and the like Manner, and by such Ways and Means as the several Rates anu Duties 0/1 Tonnage, granted by the said recited Acts cr any of them, can or may be raised, levied, and collected, and such additional Rate and Rates, Duty and Duties on Tonnage, shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like Manner, and for such and the fame Purposes, as the several Rates and Duties on Tonnage granted by the said recited Acts or feme of them, are by the said recited Acts directed to be applied and disposed of.

P wrr to

T'ultcc* to

d Cr R?.t a and Duties cn Tonnage, &c.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trustees, from Time to Time to lefien or reduce all or any Parc or Parts of the said Rates and Duties on Tonnage, given and granted by this Act, as to such Trustees shall seem meet and convenient, and for and during such Time as they ftial! think right and proper, and ascervtterds from Time to Time to advance all or any such Rates and Duties on Tonnage so leflcned or reduecd, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates and Duties on Tonnage, given and granted by this Act provided neverthelefv that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties on Tonnage shall not be paid off and discharged, such Rates and Duties on Tonnage shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-Gxth Pait* of the Money remaining due upon such Rates and Duties on Tonnage. 1

1 onnr.gc of

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage or Admeasure-W ascertained! mcm Ships and Vessels liable to the Payment of any of the Rates of

- Tonnage by the said recited Act and this Act, or any of them imposed,

shall be ascertained according to the cerrifkdTonnage in the Ship’s Register, and the Master or other Person having the Command of each and every such Ship or Vessel is hereby required to produce such Certificate of the Registry at the Time of Payment of the said Rates to the Person or Persons who shall be duly authorized to collect and receive such Rates; and in case of any Dispute in or about the fame, then and in such Case the Ton* nage of such Ship or Vessel shall be ascertained by dropping a Plumb Line over the Stem of the Ship, and measure the Distance between such Line and the After-part of the Srern Poll at the Load Water Mark; then measure from the Top of the said Plumb Line in a parallel Direction with the Water, to a perpendicular Point immediately over the Load Water Mark at the Fore-part of the Main Stem, fubtrading from such

Mcafurcnjtqc

2323

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 115,

Measurement the above Distmce, the Remainder will be the Ship’s extreme Length, from which is to oe deducted Three Inches for every Foot of the Load Draught of Water for the Rake abaft, and also Three-fif.hs of the Ship’s Breadth for the Rake forward, the Remainder shall be esteemed the jult Length of the K-rel to find the Tonnage, and the Breadth ;1 all be taken from Out fide of the Plank, in the breaded Parc of the Ship either above or below the Main Wales, exclusive of all Manner of Sheathing or Doubling that may be wrought upon the Side of the Ship, then multiplying the Length of the Keel for Tonnage by the Breadth so taken, and that Product by Half the Breadth, and dividing by Ninety-four, the Quotient Shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Mailer or other Person penalty for having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel lying within chc said Port and Harbour, or any other Pei fun what foe ver, shall obstruct or cer hinder the Person or Persons appointed to collect the Rates or Duties by ihe fiid recited Acts or any of them, or by this Act made payable, or any other Person employed or appointed by such Person or Persons, from entering on board such Ship or Vessel, or from taking the Admeafqre-ment thereof, then and in every such Case, every such Mailer or other Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall p-naWfor at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly dcmoiifh, break down, or damage, or seton fire any Pier, Quays, Wharfs, or any of the °lK'* Works, which shall be constructed in, or which shall belong to the said Port and Harbour, or who shall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out any Light or Lights used in or belonging to the said Port and Harbour, for the Safety and Protection of Ships or o:her Vefr fels resorting to the fame, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person or Perlors shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Author rity to cause such Person or Persons to be transportea for the Term c-f SevcnYears, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, may avard such Sentence as the Law duetts in cases of Petit Larceny.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall in any Action, inhabitant!to Prosecution, Information, or other Pmceeding whatsoever relating to or tobe.ie.ned concerning the Execution of this or the said recited Acts, or any of them, \5SSS* or any Rule or Order, or Bye Law, made in pursuance thereof respectively, be deemed as incompetent to give Evidence, on account of his or her being charged with and liable to pay any Rue or Assessment to be raised, levied, and collected by virtue of the said Acts or any of them, or of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, The Wode and Forfeitures by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or R«coyfry>d rrlate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whilehavtu% or any of pepffa t:e* "114^ them, or this Act imposed or incurred, or which shall be imposed Foif.-uu.es. or incurred by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pusfuance of the said recited Acts so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port,

Harbour,

23H 4* GEORGII III. Cap. i\$.

Form of Convictwn of Olf.nder*.

Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, or any of their, or of this Act (for the Recovery whereef no other Method hath been directed by the said recited Acts or of this Act) shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offender shall beorrefide, or where the Offence shall be committed, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue upon Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer), and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall, if not herein directed to be otherwise applied, be paid One Half thereof to the Informer and the other Half to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and such Moiety shall be applied by them for such of the Purposes of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and of this Act, as to the Lord or Lords for the Time being of t;he said Manof of Saint Bees, and any Eleven or more of the rest of the said Trqftees (balj think fit; and in case sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or House of Correction of ancj for such County, Town, and Place, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar tylont.hs, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafoliable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, or any of them, or of this Act, or any Matter in pursuance thereof respectively, the Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

TTE it remembered. That on this Day of

4 D in the Year of our Lord A.B. is

duly convicted before of His Majesty's

4 Justices of the Peace for the

4 of having [here fiate the Offence, as the Case may he] contrary to the Form

of the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, and I [or we, as the Case may £e]do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited for his 4 [or her, as the Case may be] said Offence the Sum of

4 Given under my Hand [or our Hands, as the Case may he] the Day and Year first above written.*

Appea!.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments made by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Purr, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and of this Act, or any of them, or by any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town 8 of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115. *3*5

of Whitehaven* and of this Actor any of them, or by any other Matter or Thing done or directed to be done, or committed by or by Order of the said Trul'-tees for the said Port, Harbour, and Town, or any of theta, or by reason of any Judgement or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame c ncern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and of this Act, or of any of them, then and in tvrry such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County, Town, or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall have aril'en, within One Calendar Month next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, orcaufingto be given Ssx Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or to the Person or Persons appealed against (as the Case may be), and forthwith entering into a Recognizance in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, before some Justice of the Peace for such County, Town, or Place, conditioned for prosecuting such Appeal, and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay such C >fts as (hdl be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid, and of entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the Cuufes and Matters of such Appeal ;n a summary Way, and award such C.ofts to the Parries appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the said Julf ices may if they fee Cause mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and n ay order any Money to be returned which shall hare been levied in pursuance of such Bye Law, Rule, Order, Regulation, Judgement, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the P. fty injured as they shall think reasonable; and the Determination ol such Justices at their General Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thar an Appeal from the j,n,ce* my Rates or Assessments, or any of them, to be made for the several Purposes of p-

the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Purr, Jhe R?*e", Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven^ and of this Act» or of any of them, without quaft* to be made for the several Purposes of the igid recited Acts, lb far as the ^Seffment,0 fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and of this Act, or of any of them, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall and may amend the fame in such Manner qs may be necessary, for giving Relief, without quaffing or altering such Rates or Assessnents, with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Assessment it shall be found necessary to fee aside the fame, then and in such Case the said Justices shall and may order anew Rate or Assessment to be made for such Purpose.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgement, proceeding* Conviction, or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Offence against the said recited SE«n*dbj Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Certioiari, Town of Whitehaven, and this Act, or any of them, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

>1 ILoc. Esf Per.] s6 G

2326 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where anvDiftrds shall be made

Wantcfrom for any Sum ot Mo iev to be levied by v rtue of the said recited Acts, lb *ertly- f^r a the lame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven^ and of this Act, or any of them, the DistrtP. icletf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Parry or Parties malting the fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any D fest or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties detaining be deemed a Tre'passer or Trepaflcis ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distruining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Iiregularity shall and may recover fuliSirisf-c-tion for thcfpecial Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

PlaVff not to

XLIX. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaint;ff> shall recover in ourUuicJ or any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any I King frer TVnier done in pursuance of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or rc-of Amend*. ]ate to fa(Cj pijrt, Harbour, and Town of (Vbitebaven% fid of this Act, or any of them, unless Notice in Writing shall have b. en given to the De fendant or Defendants, or left at his, her, or thetr last or usual Piacc or Places of Abode S x Days before such Action shall be commenced, of Inch intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiff-, specifying the cause of such Action, nur shall the P.ainiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have be-n made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, befo'e such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before lifue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or th*y shall think fi , where* upon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall b: had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

limitation of L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be iiclioa*. broughr, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person <<r Persons for any Thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuan: e of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the fi d Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and of this Act, or any of them, after Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or the C «use of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Cumberland, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Delendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his, her, or their Election, specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of White-haven, and of this Act, or any of them j and if upon the Tiial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Six Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cafes the Jury shall find a

Virdj^t

2327

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

Verdict far the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cafes where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such A'Tion or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such C.ife the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such and the like Remedy f >r recovering the fame a* any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Cost* ot Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

LT. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences inci- txpcneeioF^ dent to and attending the passing and obtaining this Act shall be paid as tube paid, soon as conveniently may be after the passing thereof, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

LIT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Clause giving Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, vary, alter, or control ! any of the Powers given by the said recited Act, m^de in thr ofthesiiof Thirty-second Yea' of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Owner or t5ene* Limit* Owners for the Time being of the Soil of the Limits and Extent thereby 0,wlcIi~r ou ' m. dc Par* of the said Port and Har'x>ur; and further, that the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the Soil of the said new Limits or Extent lh i.il he, and hr, Ihe, and they are hereby inv. lied with the fame Powers and Authorises, over such new Limits and Extents, and all other Things appertaining the rct", as the Trustees of this Act are by this Act inverted with over the other Parts of the said Port and Harbour.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Publick Act; t.'ken to be a Publick Acr, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued ^the Acto* by the said recited Acts shall on the passing of this Act cease and determine;

and that the Lid recited Acts, so far as the fame concern or relate to the said Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, and this Act, shall commence. continue, and be in force from and after the passing of this Act for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

J i

T* fi

, ijih.i-. ' ' js;

,; . ...... ... i -

" * l-l j

bfl» ,r. 1 V . . i f '-1 ' ' . V*-;-'.

Ibwib* I ini (tii . i . (.' i ’ iir..*.( . , vj

bid ,.4,8 bid >ts*»M t‘‘ saitA ...... ...... > i.i

stl (km ii i«itJ i$a'aiM loos n*3?'Vwii ’ ,»K s dv«UI

[. ib nrt iv 'iJJ > ’ I to i -.. ..ifi

; ill ..., U b J. ' N> '111- i* t.,.S

1^(1 I I, 'll*, r: a*lb> < ’ irf n't".' . J,u,

ill . . (..*» > ir «0 >.!> '.* I i fiii'iiJn/i

- b*,o . i,' , r - it

V. vb i' i*i1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

¥ ’*

Cap. ii 6.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Burgh of PaiJJey and Suburbs thereof; for improving and forming certain Streets, and erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein j and for regulating the Police and Markets.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS from the flourishing State of Trade and Manufactures in the Burgh of PaiJlej and Suburbs thereof, the Number of Inhabitants has greatly increased, and it would tend much to their Accommodation, and to that of Persons resorting thereto, and

be of great publick Utility, if new Streets were opened and formed

therein, and the other Streets, Lanes, and Pillages enlarged and improved t if hoot Pavements were made on the Sides of the said Streets,

and the whole properly watched, paved, lighted, and cleansed; if a

proper Supply of Water was obtained for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, it the said Burgh and Suburbs were Uivided into Wards, and Commissioners appointed over the fame-, it a Bridewell or Workhouse Was erect d for confining and punishing Offenders; and if certain Rules Were eltabiished for conducing and regulating the said Bridewell or Workhouse, and the Police and Markets of the said Buigh and

Suburbs: Mav it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted i and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Owners and Proprietors of all Foot pave* Ho use] and Buddings, or ot Gardens or Grounds adjoining to and lront- to i’e.

rf. fj n 1° r rt J m,c'- onSldC®

[L&c. cjf Per.J a6 H ing oisircen.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. n6.

ing any Street, Square, or public Place already formed or to be farmed within the said Burgh and Suburbs, shall, at his, her, or their Expence, cause the Ground before their Property respectively, on the Sides of such Street, Square, or other public Place, to be well and sufficiently paved with flat hewn, or other Stones, of such Breadth and in such Manner and Form as the Commissioners appointed in Manner herein-after mennoned (after visiting the Grounds, and hearing the Parties) shall direct and appoint4, the Foot Pavements in the fame Street or Square being of one Breadth, and not exceeding Seven Feet wide: Provided always, that it shall be in the Option of the Owners or Proprietors of such Gardens or Grounds within the said Burgh and Suburbs on which no Buildings (land, either to make Foot Pavements in Manner aforesaid, or to pave opposite to such Gardens or Grounds with dressed Whin Sroncs, until the same shall be builc upon; and that such Parts of Foot Paths as are opposite to Wynds, Lanes, and Cart or Carriage Entries, may also, if the said Commissioners think proper, be paved with Whin Stones*

II. And be it enacted, That in case any such Owner or Proprietor shall refuse or neglect to cause such Grounds to be paved in Manner

d aforesaid within such Time as he or she shall be required lo to do by an Order from the said Commissioners, after having vifued and inspected the Grounds, and heard the Party concerned, it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners to cause the lame to be done, at the Expence of such Owner or Proprietor $ and in case any such Owner or Proprietor shall refuse or neglect, when required, to pay the Expence of making the said Foot Pavements, it shall and may be lawful to any one or more of the Baillies of the said Burgh, if the PremiJes lie therein, or of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Renfrew, if in the Suburbs, upon Complaint being made to him or them, to decern such Charges, together with the Expence of recovering the fame, to be paid by such Owner or Proprietor, cither to the Tradelinan doing the Work or to any Person authorized to receive the same in Manner hereinafter mentioned: Provided always that in every Cafe where such Owner or Proprietor shall be unable to pay the Charges of making such Foot Pavements* in One Sum, the said Commissioners may receive the same by Inch Instalmencs, and at such Periods as to them shall seem proper.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the-said Commissioners after the said Foot Pavements are made by virtue of this Act, to ordain them to be kept in proper Repair, and for any One or more of the said Baillies, if within the said Burgh, or of the said Justices of the Peace if in the Suburbs, upon Complaint being made ta h.m or them, to give Decrees for the Charges and Expences of repairing, relaying, and maintaining the fame, against the Owners cr Proprietors of Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Grounds, in the same Manner as they are herein-before empowered to decern for the Charges and Expences of masting ..he laid Foot Pavements j and in the Event of the said Owners or Proprietors not residing within the said Buigh *..>r Suburbs* Notice of the Complaint or of the Older of the Commissioners being served on the Occupiers or Tenants shall be held as valid and effectual as if served on the Owners or Proprietors personally.

46# GEORGII III. Cap. rro. 2331

IV. And he if shaded, Thar when Houses or Buildings belong to

more Proprietors than One, the fever.il Proprietors of the fame H use or belong to5*

Building shall cause the Ground before their rel'ptdive Premises ro be more Proprie.

paved, and the Pi. ements to be kept in Repair in Manner aforesaid, be

the Expence being defraved by such Proprietors in Proportion to the dctr:«>ed pro-

Rtnts of the respective Parts of the House or Building be! nging to P0,tlonably*

each of them, as the same shall at the Time (land rated in ihe Rent

Hull herein-after mentioned; and in case ary Difp' te or D.ffcrence

shall aiife among the several Proprietors of the fame Hou'e or

Building, relative to their Proportions of the said Expence, it shall and

may be lawful for the said Commissioners to fix and ascertain the lame,

according to the Rate of such Rems in the said Roll: And in case

of any Difference between the said Commissioners and the Proprietors of such Tenements, either with respect to making or keeping in repair

such Foot Pavements, or to the Expence of the fame, it shall and may

be lawful to the said Baillies, or any One of them, if the Premises be

within the said Burgh, or of the said Justices, or any one of them, if in

the Suburbs, on a Complaint being made to him of them, (after

vificing the Premises, and hearing the Parties concerned,) to determine

any such Difference, which Determination shall be final and binding on

all Parties.

V. And be it enacted, That the Tenants or Occupiers of the Houses, Exp-r.ce

or other Buildi gs, belonging to such Owners and Proprietors (in Default whea paid by of the Propiieto > paying such Expence) in case he, flic, or they shall pay bee,jEluded the Expences aforesaid (which they are hereby authorjfed. and required from their to do to the Amount of the Rents payable by them respectively) shall Keat,‘ be at Liberty, and they are hereby empowered to dedud alid retain out of his, her, or their Rents, such Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay on account thcicof, for their respective Landlords, Ownfc.s, or P.o-pMecors, who are hereby required to allow such Payments accordingly, any Lease or Cor. rad to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Baillies and Town Expence of Council of the said Burgh shall pave and keep in ‘Repair the Sireers and p*ius. *nd public Lanes and Roads therein (excepting the aforesaid Foot Pav^- Sreet^et^ ment>) and defray the Expences thereof from the Money raised by ho* to be the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the faici Burgh, in the fame dcf,ai’eti* Wav and Manner as they have been in ufc to do before the passing of

this Act; but in case the said Conversion Money shall at any Time, from a Statement of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure tl ercof, to oc exhibited by the said Baillies and Town Council to the Commissioi-ers for the said Burgh, be found inadequate for the Purposes of paving and keeping in Repair the said Street*, Lanes, and Roads, it shall and may oc lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to appropriate and apply so much of the Funds to be levied under the Auth rity of this Act, as shall be found requisite and necessary to iup, ly luib Dchciencyi and the Commissioners for the said Suburbs shall have full Power and Authority to levy the Conversion Money for Statute Labour therein, and apply the lame for making and keeping the Streets thereof in proper Repair, as they have been in use to do.

*33*

Foot Pavements to be fvscpt and cleaned*

Penalties on Persons ob. struftirg the Foot Pavements.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

VII. And be it er.acted, That, from and after the passing of this Act every Person or Persons who shall occupy the Shops or (where tht*rh are no Shops) the Ground Story of the Front of any Dwelling House, or other Building adjoining to and fronting the Foot Piv nv-nta in the said Burgh and Suburbs, shall caofc the lame along the Fronc of his, her, or their respective Shops, Dwelling Hu'es, or othn Building, to be fwepr, scraped, and cleaned, once every lawful D.iy, between the Hours of Six and Ten in the Morning, and if they fail lo to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies and Justices of the Peace, *or any One of them, to decern in a summary Manner such Occupier or Occupiers to pay a Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-after directed j and in case any Dispute shall arise amongst the Occupiers of Shops, Dwelling Houses, or Buildings, adjoining the said Foot Pavements, as to cleansing, sweeping, and feraping the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or Justices of the Peace, or any One of them, to determine such Dispute, which Determination shall be final , and when the Occupiers of Shops, or of F11 ft Floors or Stories of Dwelling Houses, sweep, ferape, and clean the Foot Pavements in Manner aforesaid, they shall have Relief against the Inhabitants of the upper Floors or Stories for a Proportion of the Expence corresponding to the Valuation of their respective Pofllflions, as rated in the said Rent Roll, which Proportion shall, in case of Dil-pute, be determined and decerned lor by the said Baillies or Justices, or any One of them, whose Decision shall be final and binding on all Parties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall run, carry, draw, or drive, or cause to be run, carried, drawn or driven, on any Part of the Foot Pavements within the said Burgh and Suburbs, any Bier, Sludge, or Wheelbarrow, Wheel or Wheels, or any Coach, Sedan Chair, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage whatever (except diie&ly across the fame, on necess.try Occasions) or shall wilfully lead, ride, or drive any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Cattle (except when going directly across the said Foot Pavtme/its to or from Stables or Cow HouFs) upon any Part of the said Foot Pavements, or shall throw, or call any Dirt, Dung, Allies, or Rubbish, into or upon the fame (except in Time of Froft) or shall roll any Barrels, Hogsheads, or Calks, empty or full, along the said Foot Pavements, for any Distance whatever (except across directly to or from Shops, Cellars, or Warehoul'es) or shall roll any such Barrel, Hogshead, or Calk, along any of the public Streets, Squaies, and Places of t.-e said Burgh and Suburbs, except from Shops, Cellars; Warehouses, or other Places, directly to such Carts or Carriages as they are to be loaded upon, or from such Carts or Carriages as they have been loaded upon directly to the Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Places in whiih they are to be depefited (hot exceeding Twenty Yards in any Case) then n shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee any such Oftcme committed, to icize, and for any Person or Persons to r.ltift in seizing such Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, to a Peace Officer, in order to be taken before any One of the said Baillies, or Justices of the Peace; and it shall aQd-nmy be lawful to such Baillie or Justice, upon Information being made to him, by any Person or Persons, to issue his Warrant or Order to bring before him the

Party

2333

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Party or Parties so accused; and if ht, ft>e, or they, shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or the Oath of One credible Witness, the Offender or Offenders shall forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon such Conviction, immediately pay such Penalty, the said Baillie or Justice is hereby authorised and required to commit him, her, or them, to Prison, for any Time not exceeding Two Days, unless such Penalty and the Charges occasioned thereby shall be i'oorter paid and satisfied.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful ro the OutndrStMr^ said Baillies or any Two of them within the said Burgh, or any mo‘Vt«h Two of the said Justices of the Peace within the said Suburbs, and they

are respectively hereby empowered, upon Application or Complaint being made to them by the Commissioners herein-after appointed, (after irffpetting the Premises and hearing the Parries concerned.) to order, by a Decree under their Hands, the Proprietors of Houses and other Buildings fronting any of the Streets of the said Burgh and Suburbs, to remove, or cause to be removed and taken away within a reasonable Time, all Outfturs, Outfhots, Buildings, Erections, Sign Polls and other Things whatsoever, which project or tend to obstrufl the free P.’flige of the said Streets and Foot Pavements, or which project or extend beyond the proper Line of Breadth; and if within the Time specified in such Decree, the said Outftairs, Outfhots, Buildings, Erections, and other Things be nor taken away, the Owner of such House or Building to which the said Obstrtftions are annexed and belong, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and so toties quoties for every Month after such Decree, during which the said Outftairs,

Outfhot*, Buildings, or other Projc&ions shall remain; the said Fines to be levied and applied in Manner herein-afeer directed: Provided always, that in case the aforesaid Obstructions shall hoc be removed within Three Months after the Decree decerning them to be removed has been intimated to such Proprietors, then it shall be lawful to the said Baillies, or Justices, or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby respectively empowered to order the same to be removtd brevi manu *, and that when such Outllairs, Outfhots, Buildings, and Erections Hull be removed under the Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of public Convenience and Accommodation, the Expence and Damage attending the same shall be defrayed from the Funds arising under this Act; saving and reserving always the established Power and Jurisdiction of the Court of Lyners of the said Burgh to line any new Buildings with the said Streets and in all other Cafes whatever.

X. Provided always and be it enacted, That where the Houses and provisoasto Buildings erected on the Sides of the said Foot Pavements cannot have tbcCunc. convenient Access and Entries by any other Passages than by Outftairs,

the said Biillies and Justices shall order such Outftairs to be altered and narrowed in such Manner as to leave a free Passage not less than One Third of the Breadth of the Fooc Pavement opposite to the said Ouiftairs. (

XL. And be it ensued, That a Majority of the said Commissioners Forpr*ve»t-present at any Meeting called for the Purpose, shall have full Power iu*J&uuwe*. QIar. Prr.] 2Cl and

2334

No (Joodp, Arc. to be ex-p..leci ro Sale ow the Street*,

46" G E ORGII III. Cap. ne.

and Authority from Time to Time to make Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, consistent with this Act and the Laws of Scotland^ for the better Execution of this Act, for removing Obstructions and preventing Nuisances of every Kind on the Foot Pavements, Streets, and other Places within the said Burgh and Suburbs, and in general for all other Purposes connected with the Preservation of Peace and good Order, and the general Safety and Comfort of the Inhabitants, and from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, and alter such Regulations, or any of them, and to enforce the fame by such pecuniary Penalties as they shall think proper^ not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that none of the said Regulati ns (haI become valid or take effect, until they shall be registered in the Police Books, printed and circulated and put upon the principal Doors or the Parish Churches of the said Burgh and Suburbs.

XII. Provided always and be it enacted, That the Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of all Cotton Works, Foundries, Mills, Distilleries, or other Works already erected or to be erected in the said Town or Suburbs, the Machinery w'hereof is driven by Steam, or the Smoke ajifing wherefrom is considered noxious or injuiious to the Neighbourhood, shall construd the Furnaces or Flues of their said Works in Lch Manner as the noxious or injurious Consequences may be removed or prevented; and in case they refuse so to do when required by the said Commissioners, the said Baillies or Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to cause the same to be done in such Manner as to them shall fsem best calculated to prevent such Conftrpiences in Time coming at the Expence of the said Proprietors or Occupiers; and the said Bailiks and Justices are hereby further authorised and empowered, on the Complaint of the said Commissioners, to prevent all Persons from charring Coals within the said Burgh and Suburbs, and in case any Person or Persons shall do so after One Intimation, to impose a Fine on the Person or Persons offending not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-after directed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers, of Distilleries and other Works, shall dig, make and construd Sift Pools or Reservoirs, within their own Ground, or as near their Works as possible, for receiving and depofuing their Refuse, to prevent offensive or dangerous Consequences to the Health of the Inhabitant', by its running in;o any Burn, River, Ditch or Sewer; and if they refule so to do when thereto required by the said Commissioners. the said Baillies or Justices of the Peace, or any Tsvo of them, are hereby authorized and required to cause the same to be done at the Expence of the Owners or Occupiers of such Distilleries.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall place or bring cut on any Streeter Foot Pavement, either on Stalls or otherwise within the said Burgh and Suburbs, any Goods, Commodities, Provisions, or Things whatsoever, and shall expose the lame for Sale or Show in such Streets or Foot Pavements, or on the Walls eft Houses, eve y

Person

2335

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling j and if the said Penalty shall not be immediately paid, and the said Articles removed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillicsand Justice.% or any One of them, to cause the Goods, Commodities, and other Things to he removed, taken away, and depofned in such Place or Places as he or they shall direct, there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid the Penalty, with the Charges and Expences attending such Removal:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- p^DajT strued to extend, to prevent Perfoi\s from exposing and setting out any Goods and Provisions in the Streets, Lanes, and other Places for Show and Sale on the public Fair Days held in the said Burgh, in the same Manner and under the fame Reffii£tions and Limitations as were practised before the puffing of this; but this Proviso shall not

extend or be construed to extend to the Foot Pavements made or to be made on ti.e Sides of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages in the said Burgh and Suburbs, upon which no Articles whatever shall be txposed, 1« , or aiiposed of, even on Fair Day*.

XV. And be it er.acted, That no Shopkeeper, or other Person or Per- Gunpowder fons shall keep at tire same Time in any Shop, Cellar, or Warehouse, or kept j other Apartment within the said Burgh and Suburbs, more than Ten Pounds Weight of Gunpowder, but shall carry, or cause to be carried

all the Gunpowder belonging to him or tnetn, exceeding that Quantity, to such Magazine or Place as may be hereafter provided and appointed by the said Commissioners, unless such Person shall have a Cellar, Magazine, or other Place for depofuing the fame, which shall be approved of by the said Commissioners; and every Person or Persons so offending, neglecting, or failing, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed, besides forlcitirg all the Gunpovvutr which shall be in his, her, or their Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehousea, or other Apartments, exceeding thcalorcsaid Quantity.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Gunpowder allowed to be kept in ^'^anTiictai Shops, Cellars Warehouses, or other Apartments as aforesaid, shall be depofned in a Place by itself, separate from a;l other Goods and Commodities and shall be secured by Lock and Key, under a Penalty not exceeding One Pound Sterling, to be paid lor each Offence, by the Occupier of the House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or other Apartment, in which the fame shall be kept, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed. And ‘it shall not be lawful to the said Shopkeeper or other i'etfon or Perilous to sell or dispose of any Quantity of Gunpowder by Candle Light or alter Day Light on any Account, or for any Purpose whatever, under a Penalty not exceeding One Pound Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-after directed: Provided always, '1 hat it shall except be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any of His Majesty's Troops quartered in the said Burgh or Suburbs to keep in any Place or Places lrtuaitd therein, and appointed by the said Baillies or Justices, any Quantity rf Gunpowder he m*y think necessary for txeicifing the said Troops, or for other military Purposes.

2336 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Houses to be XV]]. And be it enacted, That the Baillies of the said Burgh or any

num cie . One of them, and the said Justices of the Peace, or any One of them,

shall and may order and direct the Houses, Buildings, Shop', and VVaie-houses within the said Burgh and Suburbs respectively, to be numbered with Figures placed or painted on the Doors, or on loch other conspicuous Part thereof as the Proprietors or Occupiers shall think proper, and may likewise order to be painted or otherwise inscribed on Streets, etc a conspicuous Part of some House or Building at or near the End or lobciwwe . £orner of each Street, Squire, Lane, Passage, or Place, the Name of such Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Place; and any Person or Persons who shall wilfully and maliciously dcltroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or DcLription, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Two Pound', nor lets than Ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-, after directed.

powerstc re-

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the re^cJJcLes] said Baillies within the Burgh, and to the said Justices within the Sub-eti, urbs, and they are hereby rtfptctively authorized and empowered to make such Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws as they may think fit, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Sedan Chairs, Carts, and Porters plying for Hire within the Burgh and Suburbs, for trying, judging, and punii ing the Misbehaviour of Coachmen, Chairmen, Caiters, and Porters, according to Law, for fixing and altering their Stands, and for ascertaining what Rates and Fares, zt to Distance and Time, they shall be allowed to take, and to what Distances, and under what Penalties they shall drive, come in, and through the said Burgh and Suburbs, not exceeding Two Miles for Sedan Chairs, and Four Miles for Coaches, Catts, and Porctrsi and from Time to Time to repeal, alter, or amend the Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws so to be made by them: Provided always, that such Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, and the Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance thereof, as the same shall from Time to Time be made, altered, or varied, shall not be repugnant to the Law of Scotland, and shall be put up either in Print or Writing, on such Place or Places as the said Bail-lies or Justices relptdively shall think proper, and at all Times to remain and be in the said Place or Places.

How Water is XfX. And be it enacted, That the Water from the Roofs of all Houses fromth^Rcofs and other Buildings within the said Burgh and Suburbs fronting the 01 Houks, ^c. public Streets and Squares, and the Lanes and Wynds which are Thoroughfaies, shall be conveyed in Lead or other Pipes, reaching within Twelve inches of the Ground, and affixed to or on the Sices or Fronts of such Houses and Building?; and in case the Owners or Proprietors of such Houses and Buildings shall not so convey the Water from the same, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies or Justices, or any Two of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, on in-speflfing the Premises and hearing P’artits concerned, to decern in a summary Manner such Owners or Proprietors, to pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling lor every such Offence; and if after Corvittion of any such Offences the Water from such Houses and other Buildings shall still be conveyed otherwise ihan in Pipes so affixed and reaching as aforesaid for the Space of One Calendar

Month i

I

I

1

:l

c.

tv

ad

fr

ni

Iti

M

U

(0

nil

a>

of

»K

ill

lb

b

:tt

ift

tlA

i

jl

t,

1

h

i

46° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 116. 2337

Month; then the Owner or Proprietor of every such House and Building shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling, and lo toties quelies for every Monrh after such first Conviction, during which the Water shall be conveyed o:herwife than aforesaid, such 1 i jes to be levied and applied in Manner herein-affrr directed, and the said Penalties to be always paid by the Proprietors according ro the Proportions of their respective Rents rated as aforesaid; and in case the said Perform shall r.eglctt for Two Months to convey ihe Water- from their laid Houses or Buildings in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful so the faiii Bail lies cr Justices, or any Two of them, to order the Woik neetflary for conveying the Water in Manner aforesaid to be done at the Expence of the said Personsj and to decern against them for the said Expences over and above the Penalties which they shall have incurred.

XX. And be it enacted, That when the Floors or Stories of any Hoiifes ^®Ic^J>use# or Buildings belong to more Proprietors than One, the several P.oprie- ,n0re'proprietors of the fame House or Builcing shall defray the Exper.ce of making, tors than onej affixing, and keeping in repair the Lid Pipes in proportion to the Rents

of the respective Parts of such Houses or Buddings which belong to them respectively, as rated in the Rent Roll after-mentioned: And in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise amongst the several Proprietors of the fame Hou(e or Building relative to the' Proportions of the aforesaid Expence, it shall and may be lawful to the said Baillies or Justices, or any Two of them, after inspecting the Premises and heating the Parties

Concerned, by a Decree under their Hands to determine the fame according to the Rate of such Rents in the Did Roll, and to decern for that Expence in Manner aforesaid, which Determination shall be final.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where the Tenants or Oc- where dene cupiers of any House or other Building shall, in default of the Proprie- occup!ere.S of tors paying such Expence, have been at any Expence in conveying the

Water as aforesaid (which they are hereby au>h< rized and required to do to the Amounts of the yearly Rents payable by them respectively) they may and are hereby authorlled and empowered to apply the Lend and Materials of any Pipe or Pipes formerly affixed to the said Houses or the Produce thereof towards such F.xpeners, and to dtcucl the Remain* der of the said Expence from the next Kent due to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords who are hereby directed and required to allow the fame, any Lcale or Contract to the contrary not with (landing; and in the Event of the said Proprietors not refilling within the said Burgh or Suburbs, Notice of the Complaint, or of the Order of the Commissioners, being lVrved on the Occupiers or Tenants, shall be as valid and effectual as if served on the Owners or Proprietors personally.

XXII. And be it ena&ed, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lid Power* to fm. Commissioners, and they are hereby authcrifed and empowered to contract with and employ Scavengers or other Persons to cleanse and iwcep the Streets, Squares, Ptflages and other public Places within the said Burgh and Suburbs (excepting the Font Pavements which are to be swept and cltanftd in Manner before directed) and also those Pa>ts of the FoOt Pavements which are made with Whinftopes, and immediately to o/der II Soil, Dirt, Affies, and Filth to be removed thertfrom, and to colle£k the fame «r»o Heap*, and afterwards to carry them to such Place or [f oe. & Per.] 26 K Places

333*'* 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Plates as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and to fell and dif-' pole of such Soil, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth for Manure, to such Person or Persons as may be dtlirous to purchase the feme, the Money throee arising being always applied towards the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the Expence of the said Scavengas or other Persons shall be defrayed from the Funds, to be levied in Manner hereinafter directed.

Pang laid

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Persons or Person who removed be- lay, or cause to be laid on any of the Streets or public Ways of

fore nof die the said Burgh or Suburbs, any Dung for the Purpose of carrying tho Clock at Noon, fame to adjacent Grounds, shall remove avid take it away betoic One of the Clock of the Day on which jc shall be so laid on the Streets or public Ways, from the First Day of November to the First Day of April, and before Eleven of the Clock of the Day from the First Day of April to the First Day of November; and if any Allies or Dung of any Kind shall be allowed to remain upon any Part of the said Streets or public Ways after the said Time, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies or Justices, or any One of them, to decern the Person or Persons so offending, to pay any Sum not exceeding F’lve Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied as herein-after directed over and above the Forfeiture of the Dung, which shall be fold, and the Price applied in Manner aforesaid.

Pavervcms°to

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Persons employed in carrying or

betkanted ° wheeling the said Dung to the Streets shall be obliged to sweep, fetape, immediately and cleunfe the Foot Pavements and Sneers over which the Dung shall theidiom. have hcen carried or wheeled immediately after they shall have finished that Work, under a Penalty not exceedirg One Shilling Sterling for each Offence, to be levied in Manner herein after directed.

Lamp I torn to

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and in the

be affixed. power of the said Commissioners herein after appointed, to order the Lamp Irons and Lamps in the faitl Burgh and Suburbs to be fixed upon the Walls of Hoofes and other Buildings, on the Sides of the Streets, on indemnifying the Proprietors or Occupiers for any Damage thereby done to the said Houses and other Buildings

XXVI. And be it evaded. That if any Person or Persons Avail wilfully take away, break, cr throw down any Lamp c r L?mps which now are or hereafter shall be set up within the Limits of the said Burgh and Suburbs, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Iron or Appuitenances thereof, it shall and may be lawful to any Person who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, withourany other Warrant, to convey and deliver' such Offender or Offenders into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before One of the said Baillies or Justices; and if the Party or Parties accuted of such Offence, whither apprehended as aforesaid or afterwards citccfefor the feme, shall be convicteu thereof, either by his, her, or their own Conic hi on, or by the Oat; 1 of One or irorc credible Witr.tfies, such Offender or Offenders fh. 1' .--r,every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum nut exceeding Uikx i. ays Sterling, 2 and

Penalty c*

Lamps willfully.-

*339

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

and moreover shall make Sacisfaction for the Damages done; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay such Forfeiture and make such Satisfaction, such Baillie or Justice is hereby empowered to commit him, her, or them to the Common Jdl of the said Burgh, or Workhouse, for a Space not exceeding. Two Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he is committed unless such For# feiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons (halt ac- renafryon cidcntally break, throw down, or damage any of the said Lamps, or the i^w'accx* Irons or Appurtenances thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said dentally. Baillies or Justices to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damage as such Baillie or Justice shall think rear ionable, provided such Sum shall not exceed the real Damage fuliained by such Accident, besides the Expeners incurred in recovering the fume 5 and in case of neglect or refuial of the said Person or Persons to pay such Sum or Sums of Money within Two Days after the same shall be demanded, to cause the same to be levied by Diflrtfs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods, and the Surplus, if any, to be paid to such Person or Persons.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said power* tc ap. Commissioners hereinafter named, or a Quorum of them, and they are clerks,: hereby empowered to appoint Clerks, Servants and other proper Officers

during their Pleasure, to ad under the Authority and Orders of the said Commissioners or any One of them, for executing the Matters committed to them, by this Act, and for iegulating the Police, and for preserving good Grcirrand Peace in the said Burgh and Suburbs,

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the ani Watch-said Commissioners in the said Burgh to appoint Persons for guarding *ieib

and watching the fame, in place of the present Town Guard; and ic shall also be lawful for them and for the Commissioners within the said Suburbs respectively, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint such a Number of Watchmen as they shall judge necessary for guarding, pa-troling, and watching the Streets of the said Burgh and Suburbs, in luth Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as to the said Commissioners shall appear proper and expedient.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commis- Rat-stoV. sioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demand and

levy yearly and every Year from all Householders and other Persons men. refining or carrying on Business within the said Burgh and Suburbs the following Sums corresponding to the Rent of the Houses, Shops, or other Buildings or Grounds occupied by them, Videlicet, from Persons occupying Houses, Shops, or other Buildings or Grounds under Five Pounds yearly Rent, the Sum of Two Shillings; of Five Pounds and under Twelve Pounds, yearly Rent, the Sum or Four Shillings; and of Twelve Pounds, yearly Renr, and upwards, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling, in Name of Conversio Money, and in lieu of their personal Attendance; the Rents of which Houses, Shops, or other Buildings or Grounds, to b$ f.xcd and alceitained by the Assessor to be named

and

234®

4&° GEORGII ill. Cap. nb,

dnd appointed by the said Commissioners: Provided always, That if the said Rate, when added to the other Ra'es, to be levied und-r this Act, shall be found inadequate to the Expence of a sufficient Number of Watchmen, and to the other Purposes herein-before and after enumerated, it shall be lawful for the said Bailhes and Town Council to resume the Guard of the Inhabitants of the said Burgh in the fame Way and Manner as they have been in use to do belcre the passing of this Act; and the aforesaid Conversion Money shall cease to be levied in the said Burgh and Suburbs.

~'jve salaries

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said to Ciwks, ic. Commissioners or a Quorum of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order suitable Salaries or Allowances to be paid to the said Clerks, Servants, and other Officers, and to pay the necessary Fx-penecs incurred by them in the Execution of the Duty of their respective Offices and the other necessary Charges and Expences of the aforesaid Establishment, from the AfTcffments and other Funds he rein-before' and after appointed to be levied, and from no other Fund whatever.

Cierkuc

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Duty of the said Clerks, Servants,

1 *’ ' Watchmen, and other Officers, shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to aid and assist the Baillies of the said Burgh and the Justices of the Peace for the said County in apprehending, detecting, and bringing to Justice, Persons guilty of Street Robberies, Housebreaking, Afiaults, Theft, Reset of Theft, Shoplifting, picking Pockets, Swindling, and other Crimes, by causing the Parties accused to be apprehended and imprisoned upon legal Warrants, and proceeded against in Terms of Law, in apprehending and putting the Law into Execution against Vagabonds, Vagrants, public and sturdy Beggars and other idle and disorderly Persons, who follow no lawful Employment or Occupation, in suppressing d forderly Public Houses, and other Houses frequented by Persons of the foregoing Defrription, in suppressing Mobs and Riots, in affixing to extinguish Fires, in putting the Laws into Execution, by which Owners and Drivers of Carts, and other Ca;rLges, are prohibited from leaving the Lme on the Streets, Roads, and Passages, and riding on their said Carts, and driving them, or Hoifes, or Cattle, furiously and improperly, or for cruelly treatingHorfesorCatile or for leavingWhcel or Hand Barrows, or any other Vehicles, in or upon which Goods or Provisions are carried, upon the Streets or Pavements, or in the doles or Passages, after Day Light; in seeing that the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, and other Places, are properly lighted and cleaned; in keeping in good Order the public Markets of the said Burgh and Suburbs, and the Persons reforming thereto and felling therein; in guarding, patrolling, and washing the Streets; and, in general, in aiding and assisting the Baillies and Justices in all Matters relative to regulating the Police, and preserving good Order and Tranquillity in the said Burgh and Suburbs, and to carrying the different Purposes of this Act into Execution.

Penalty on

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time strucSn °b* obstruct or molcft any Officer, Watchman, or other Person, who shall them. S be employed in the Execution of his or their Duty, under this Acte every Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit *nd pay any Sum, not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling; and if any Person

or

4u GEORGII III. Cap. nb. 3341.

or Perfor.s (bill assault or dr ike any such Officer, Watchman, pr Ovh<

Person, employed, every such Pc non or Pe.-fpns (ha.l, for every such Offence, upon be ing conviclcu {hereof, by h:s, her, or their owq Con-i. ilion, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or \Vitp.effes, foi'i t and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor fess triaq 1 o P >unds Sterling, to be levied and lecovered irt Manner htrrcin-^ftcy Tre&ed.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That in case any Hole or Opening shall be

rMU..c in #ov of the Street', Squares, Passages, Lanes, or public Places, loVcd.

in me laid Burgh and Suburbs, or adjacent Streets, in dicing Weils

or Ora os, or for other Purposes, or when any Houses or Tenements

fronting the same shall be taken down, or unroofed, in order to oe

rebuilt or repaired, whereby Riique shall arise of Stones, Slates, Timber,

or other MatciiaU, falling upun the Foot Pavements, the Person or

Pcifous making, or causing the said Holes or Opening-, to be made, and the Pofoos employed and concerned therein, shall, ac his, her, or their

Ex; ence, cause a sufficient Rail, or Fence of Ropes, or other Materials-,

to be put round the said Holes or Openings, and shall taufc a Lamp

or Luht to be affixed at or near the fame, to be kept burning evfcry

Night the Holes or Openings shall remain unfilled up, from Sunfesting

Lj SuririGng; and in calc any of the said Persons shall refute,or negleCc

tu affix and k cp a Lamp or Light in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may

be lawful for the said Baillies arid Justices, or any one of thrm, to decern

(ueh Person or Persons to pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings

Sterling Weekly, so long as he fails to do so while such Optyiijpg (Ijall f

rrmain unfilled up; and every Person or Persons Hebuiiding pr repairing

Hvules or Tenements as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their Expence, n

fence round, or cause to be fenced round, with a sufficiedt Kjfil of

other Fence, the Parts of the said Foot Pavements opposite to the said Houses or Tenements rebuilding or repairing, or wjiere d^her

Works are carrying on, and shall uphold and keep in proper Repair

and Condition the Rails, or ocher Fences, during the Whole*Time

the said Works shall be going on, to prevent Passengers from- wglk’ing

along those Parts of the Foot Pavements; and it shall be lawful to

and in $he Power of the said Baillies or Justices, or any one of VKem,- to

fine the Person or Persons neglecting or rtfufing so to fknee rotrtid ’the?

said Foot Pavements, in a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling,

For eaefi Day’s, Failure j and all’o-to order the said F ot lavements ah^i Opening so to befeoced in at the E^pence of such Person,or Personsj the said Pines to be levied and applied in Manner herein after directed.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors of fuqh Tenements or jjoHousesto Houses fronting any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, or any other be thatched public Places, within the said Burgh , and Suburbs, as may fie.erected, Straw» and of such front Houses or Tenements, as may be unroofed or rebuilt subsequent to the passing of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby prohibited from thatching will; Straw, Broom, or Heath, the Roofs.of such

front Houses or Tenements.

XXXVI. And be it candled. That the said Commissioners to be appointed pundt

In Mfcnn<«r hcr< >tva$t£r directed, shall have Power, and they are hereby railed/ TlOtfiorised and required, at a General Meeting to be held upon the Per.J 16 L Fiill

23+2

Mode of railing the fame

46° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 116.

First Monday of September annually, during the Continuance of this Act, to fix, afeettain, and impose the following Rates and Aftefifments (exclusive of the Rates for Watchmen,^ to be raised and levied from the Occupiers, whether Owners or Tenants, of all Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, Cotton and other Works, Manufactories, and Buildings within the said Burgh and Suburbs rented or valued at Two Pounds and under Three Pounds yearly, an annual Afteflmenc not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound Sterling; on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects rented or valued at Three Pounds and under Five Pounds yearly, an annual Assessment not exceeding Nine pence in the Pound Sterling j and on the yearly Rent of the said Subj-CL rented or valued at Five Pounds yearly and upwards, an annual AirefTment not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound Sterling, and so in proportion according as the said Houses, Shops, and other Buildings, shall be rated and assessed in the Rent Roll and Valuation to be made annually by a Surveyor to be appointed by the said Commissioners; and that the said Rare or AssefL xnent shall be aflfefied on and payable by the Tenant* and Occupiers only who are hereby required to pay the fame, according to the true annual Rent or Value of the respective Houses, Shops, Works, and other Buildings, situated within the said Burgh and Suburbs, and occupied by them; declaring always, that the Suburbs shall extend for the Purposes of this Act One English Mile in every Quarter ami Direction beyond the Marches or Boundaries of the Burgh or Burgage Lands and Territories so called and known.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, at their first or any subsequent Meeting for putting this Act into Execution, shall appoint a proper Person or Persons for ascertaining the free Rent of all such Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, Cotton and other Works, if occupied by Tenants, and the Rents at which the fame arc worth to be let by the Year, if occupied by Proprietors, or Life-renters, with Power to such Person or Persons to enter upon and survey all such Houses, Shops, and other Buildings, the said Survey to be made between the First Day of June and the First Day of September yearly, and the Person or Persons so to be appointed, after making the same, shall leave for every Occupier, at hio or her Dwelling House, or on the Premises surveyed, a Notice of the Rent for which such Occupier is to be rated, and immediately after such Survey shall be completed, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deposit with the said Commissioners, or their Clerk a distinct Rent Roll, or Return of the said Rents for the several Wards herein-after mentioned, agreeable to the Survey so made; and in case any Occupier shall think him or herself overcharged, in the said Rent Roll or Return, it shall be lawful for such Occupier, within Fourreen Days after the Time fixed by the Commissioners for making the Survey as aforesaid, to give Notice in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, of the Overcharge complained of; and the said Commissioners for the Burgh shall meet in the Council Chamber of the Burgh, and the Commissioners for the Suburbs shall meet annually within the County Hall upon the Second Monday in the Month of Ottoler, after making the Lid Survey, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, (with Power to adjourn, if necessary) for the Purpose of hearing the Parties, and finally fixing the Amount of the Rent according to which such Occupiers shall be assessfed; and in case the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, shall at any

23+3

4-6°G E ORGII III. Cap. ith.

6f she fa’d Meetings think the Rent of any Occupier so given in by the Surveyor or Surveyors too low, they shall and may give similar Notice ro such Occupier, and shall, at a subsequent Meeting, finally determine the Amount thereof, and that similar Surveys shall be made, and Meetings held, for correcting the Rent Roll, in every Year, during the Continuance of this Act: Provided always, That the Surveys so to be made shall include-all Housec, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, Cotton or other Works, actually inh«bi:ed, or in which any Furniture or Goods are deposited at the Time; and that a Second Survey shall be made in Manner aiorefard, in 'he Month of December or January annually, of such Houses and other Premises as w re uninhabited, or in which no Furnicure or Goods were deposited nt the Time of the first Survey i and it any such Houses, or other Premises, shall be inhabited, or have any Goods or Furniture therein at the Time of lujeh Second Survey, the Rents thereof shall be added to the said Rent Roll or Return, and afiefled for One Half of the yearly Rat'-, which Half yearly Assessments shall be paid in like Manner as the other AffclTnenrs herein-before mentioned, and in case of Failure, recovered in Manner herein-after directed.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Houses or Parrs of Proviso as ro House s and other Buildings herein-before mentioned, occupied by any Jhe^ear|"‘,er One Pthfon*, and rated under the yearly Rent of Two Pounds Sterling, Rent of *!. and ail Persons receiving Alms from the Parish Funds or Poors Hosp»- p’r"toP*J" cal of the said Burgh or Suburbs, shall be, and they are hereby exempted P

from the Payment of any Assessment to be imposed and levied by virtue of this ACT

XXXIX. Provided also and be it further enacted, That no House or Houses Prorifo at to in the said Burgh or Suburbs whereof no Part is inhabited as a Dwelling ^rManufac-House, nor any Victuals aredressed or prepared therein, but solely used turcionly. and occupied for carrying on Manufactures, shall be subject or liable

to be rated or afiefled for the Duties imposed by this Act at any higher Rate or Assessment than Fifty Pounds Sterling, of the yearly Rent or Value of all such Houses or Manufactories belonging to One Company or Individual, although fttuated in different Parts of the Town or Suburbs, the same Kind or Branch of Manufacture being always carried on in such fcpai ate Houses.

XL. And be it enacted, That all Houses and other Buildings occu- Heritor*and pird by proprietors or Life Renters shall be rated and assessed for the Duties hereby imposed upon such yearly Rent or Value as the same shall oniytoiayfor be rated and estimated by the Surveyor or Surveyors before-mentioned, Hoi;rc.\\%c' and approven of by the said Commissioners, according to the belt of their tHkive*!" Judgement, and that such Proprietors and Life Renters shall only be liable in payment of the said Assessment for Houses and Buildings actually occupied by themselves and their Servants, but not for those occupied by their Tenants, from whom only the said Assessments for their re-Iptctive Possessior.s shall be levied and recovered, by virtue of this Act \ and th.it all such Proprietors and Life Renters shall only be entitled to vote for, or be elected Commissioners under this Act, according to the estimated Rems of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, or other Buildings, actually occupied by themselves, without regard to the Rent of any other Houses belonging to them in the Possession of their Tenants.

*5 iLL Provided

2344

Provision re-

AfftfT.ncut veited in Commission-

and to he kept fcpara.c

Burgh to he divided into Wards,

46° GEORGII Ml. Cap. lift.

XLI. Provided also and be it enacted, That no Vintner, or Keeper of an Inn, Tavern or Coffee-hooi'e shall be atTcfied in a higher Sum under the Authority of this Act than Five Pounds Sterling, yearly, for the House, Tenements and Pertinents thereof possessed by him or her, in the Way of his or her Business, whatever the Rents thereof may be; and that no Affi Ament shall be made for Gardens and arable Ground, situated in the said Burgh and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or for empty or waste Houses.

XLII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Commissioners, to give such Abatement or Rciict from any Aff ffment to be made under the Authority of this Act, as the Circumstances of any Person or Persons applying for the fame may to them item to require any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Monies arising from the aforesaid Assess iienrs shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Cominif* sioners for the said Burgh and Suburbs, herein-after appointed; and that all such Monies shall be applied, laid out, and expended in the fir 11 Place, in paying the Expences to be incurred in passing this Act, and then in defraying the Expence of the aforesaid Establishment of Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, and for the other Purposes of this Act, and to no other Purpose whatever; and in case any Jurplus Monies shall remain after executing the Purposes aforesaid, upon settling the Account thereof at the End of each Year, the same shall be applied towards the lame Purpose for the Year following, so that the aforesaid Asseff-ments shall be thereby proportionally reduced; declaring always, that the Funds to be levied in virtue of this Act from the inhabitants of the Sub* Uibs extending and comprehending as before described, shall be applied and laid out for the Purposes before specified, within the Bounds of such Suburbs, and shall be kept distinct and separare from the Funds levied within the Burgh, the said Funds being entirely independent of, and un» connected With each other.

XLIV. And beic further enacted, That the said Burgh shall be, and hereby is divided into the following Wards or Districts, videlicet,

The First Ward.—-From the Old Bridge to the Steeple at the Cross, comprehending both Sides of Main Street, Mojfrow Street, Dyers JVynd, Meetinghouse Brae, Guimmar-schocl iVynd, and the Road leading therefrom to the High Church:

The Second Ward.—Comprehending Old and New Sneddon Street, with the intermediate Buildings and Lanes, and Saint James's Street, to the Underwood Cotton Mill:

The Third Ward.—From the Steeple at the Cross to the Foot of the High Church Brae, comprehending both Sides of the Main Street, and including High Church Brae, New Street, and Shuttle Street:

The Fourth Ward.—-Ffdm the Head of New Street to Storie Street, comprehending both Sides of Main Street, the Buildings lying immediately North, and including Storie Strict.

The fifth Ward.—From the Head of Storie Street to the Head of Loan-wells Street, including both Sides of Main Street, and all Buildings North to the Bowling Green, Loanwells Street, Hut Brae, Lady's Loan,

and

*345

4&u GEORGII III. Cap.ub.

and Common Loan from the Relief Church to the Foot of Stcrit Street:

The- S xth VVacd.—From Loanwells Street as far Westward as the Boundary or the Burgh, including both Sides of Main Street, with the Steeis, Lines, and Buildings on the North thereof:

1 he Seventh Ward.—Comprehending the Streets, Lanes, and Buildings lying West of Loanwells Street, and South of the Main Street fnuated within the said Burgh.

The Figluh Ward.—From the Head of causewayfide Street to the Foot of New Street (including both Sides of the Screet), Common Loan, to the Foot of Storie Street, Prussia Street, Gordon's Loan, and Bladdo> with Brown's Lane leading to Shuttle Street:

The Ninth Ward.—causewayfide Street from the Foot of New Street, including both Sides, Orchard Street, Bridge Street, Seedhills, Burn Row,

Water Wynd, with the intermediate Lanes and Buildings.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the said Suburbs shall consist of thefol- Suburbs to be Iwing Wards or Districts; videlicet, Wards.'"'0

The Full Ward—From the Middle Bridge of Paijlcy, the Houses on the North and South of Smithhills Street to Sneddon Bridge, the Houses on the East Side of that Screcvto Old Smithhills, the North Side of Smith-hills, Pijher Row on both Sides to the County Hall, Silk Street lying North of Gauze Street, and the North Side of Gauze Street from Silk Street to the County Hall: i - % r ./

The Second Ward—Croft Street, IValneuck Incle Street, and Gauze Street, lying on the East of Sjlk Street, to New Town Cross: t

The Third Ward*—Gs«:ze Street on the East Side to Abbey Qhitrcby Silk.

Street lying on the East Side of Gauze Street, the Mill Raaf, Cotton Street, and Thread Street, to Abbey Street, the Houses East ward from Mill Road to Willianuburgh, and Williamsburgh Eastward tQ the Turn* pike Gate:

The Fourth W^rd-t—Abbey Street, Abbey Close, and the Main Street lying . on the South Side of the Bridge, and those Parts of Thjread lying Southward of Abbey Street towards the River Cart, and Hoad leading to Seedhills:

The. Fifth Ward—I hr North and West Ends of the Burgh of Paisley j Videlicet, Sac dholes, Loanwells, Fcrguflie, and Woodftde

The Sixth Ward—All the Suburbs on the South of the Burgh, and West1 of ihe Kiver.Car/,

XL.VI. Provided always and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful,to, and' P>ov‘so as to in the Power of the said Commissioners for the said Burgh, and of the vvartlf Commission- s for the said Suburbs, herein-after appointed, to alter, vary, enlarge, and dimimlh the Laid Wards, or any of them, in such Manner as th S:.t<*of the Population thereof or other Circumstances shall to them from. Time to Time appear to require.

XJLVII. And be it enacted,'Thar Two Commissioners residing in their own Commission-P) ft fit f or Ward, within the said Burgh, and One Conitniifioner re- e'e^e^in ea«b Tiding in his own Piltrict or Ward withui the said Suburbs, qualified watd. and ek& d in Manner herein-ascer directed, shall make, or cause to be shade Lifts <»f Per!Ons residing in their respective Wards, and shall have Power to rake lawful Measures for preventing poor iPcrlons and.

-[Loc.fA PerC\ 16 M Beggars

2346 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Beggar*: from obtaining legal Settlements in the Burgh or Suburbs, so as to entitle them to the Benefits or Charities thereof, and such Commissioners are hereby inveited with the whole Powers known in the Law of Scotland to belong to the Office of Constable.

Mode of Elec*

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That Eighteen Commissioners for the said Burgh, or Two for each Ward, shall be elected on the Third Monday of August after the passing of this Act, by a Majority of Votes of the Occupiers of Dwelling Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings within the said respective Wards, rated in Manner herem-before directed, at Five Pounds Sterling, or upwards, of yearly Kent out of the Householdtrs within the D'ftnds or Wards respectively, whose Dwelling Houses, exclusive of those Pans occupied as Shops or Warehouses are rated in Manner aforesaid at Ten Pounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Rent, the Two Commissioners so to be elected for each Ward being always Householders therein: Provided always, that in Wards where there are not Ten Householders lo qualified, the Commissioners thereof may be defied out of rhofe whose Dwelling Houses are rated in the said Kent Koll at Seven Pounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Kent, and where Dwelling Houses and Shops are contiguous and are possessed by the same Person, that One Half of the Rent of the Whole shall be accounted House Rent and the other Hall Shop Kent.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the said Votes shall be given in each 8‘ven' Ward separately by written Notes or Tickets, subscribed by the Voters, specifying their Names, Designations, and Qualifications, and containing the Names and Designations of the Persons voted for, put into B x:s to be prepared for the Purpose on the Day appointed for the Elcfl; j.» by the Baillies for the Burgh, and the Commissioners for the Suburbs herein-dftrr appointed for the First Election, and the said Baillies am other Commissioners for the Time being for the Second and every fublequcm Eiccti <n, and which they are hereby authorized and required tb pr. pare in such Form as to them shall seem expedient, and to put up One Box in a proper Place within each Ward, of which they shall give Eight Days previous Notice to the Inhabitants either by Sound ot Drum or printed Advertisement, in order that all concerned may have Accels to put their Votes or Tickets in the Boxes between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon of the Day of Election, at which last Hour the Election shall close, and the Boxes shall be removed and opened, the Votes ferutinized, and the Commissioners declared for the First Time by the said Baillies for the said Burgh, and by them and the other Commissioners for the Time being for the Second and every subsequenl Election, who shall determine by a Majority of Votes at their own Meeting in case of an Equality of Votes for any Commissioner or Commissioners: Provided always, that no Person shall have more than One Vote, or shall vote in more than One Ward or Dil* trid at any Election for Commissioners for the said Burgh or Suburbs.

CoramifRon- L. And be it enacted, That James Kibble, John MKcrrell, Robert Man-the suburb* wily John Crawford, John Pollock, and ‘Thomas Blijsland, shall be and for First Year, are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Suburbs, and shall remain in Office till the next ensuing Election of Commissioners in Manner hereinafter directed., > v*.

LI. And be it enacted, That the Baillies of the Lid Burgh for the Time Comm n^ being shall be ix officio al ways Commissioners for the said Burgh, and that the Sheriff Subftuute for the County of Renfrew for the Time being, shall be ex officio always a Commissioner for the said Suburbs, without being electro as aforesaid*

LII. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall at any lime oblbudt or mole It any Person or Persons qualified to vote in itruc’tinj Manner aforesaid, in giving his or their Votes, or in putting the Lid voters Note or Ticket in the Bjx, to be provided for that Purpose, every Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling, lor each Offence; and in case any Person and on un. or Persons, not qualified to vote in Manner aforesaid, shall vote, or attempt to vote, at the said Elcdlions, every Per fen lo offending, shall ’

forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding Fire Pounds Sterling, for each Offence, which Forfeitures shall be levied and applied in Manner hereinafter directed*

LIII. And be it enacted, That if any of the Commissioners named and And on Per-elected in Manner aforesaid, shall die, or shall refuse or negltdt to accept the said Office, and subscribe an Acceptance thereof, on being required act. so to do by the said Commissioners, or shall ccafe to reside in the Wards or District for which he or they have been elected, their Places shall become vacant, and shall be supplied by other Householders, qualified as aforesaid, to be elected in Manner herein-after dire died; and if any Person or Persons duly elected a Commissioner or Commissioners under this Act, shall, without assigning a just or reasonable Cauie, refuse to act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies or Justices of the Peace, or any One of them, to fine such Person or Persons in Payment of any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided, that the Person paying the same shall be exempted from acting as a Commissioner for the Three succeeding Years.

LIV. And be it enacted, That when the Place of any of the said how Vacan-Commissioneru shall become vacant, the remaining Commissioners shall, c»t*aretobe wiihm Fourteen Days thereafter, give Notice thereof to the Inhabitants suppl,cd’ of the vacant Ward or Wards, and of the Time appointed by them for the Election of another Commissioner to be made in Manner aforesaid, within Eight Days after such Notice, to supply such Vacancy.

LV. And be it enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall Dispute»how ar.fe relating to the Qualifications of the Electors, or of the Persons to bc lecl|ed. elected, the same shall be determined by the said Baillies, within the said Burgh, for the first Election j and afterwards by them and the other Commissioners, for the Time being, or a Majority of those prefenr, whole Determination fiiail be final and binding on all Parties concerned.

LVI. And be it endted, That in case the Elcdlers of any Elections, if Ward shall refuse or neglect to elect Commissioners for the fame in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for and in the Power of the said supplied.e Baillies, and of the Commissioners who shall have been elected and accepted their Offices, to nominate and appoint Commissioners qualified

2348

Powers of Baillics ami C-ammission-

Six Conmiissioners of the Burgh, and Two Com-jniHioners of the Suburb6,

Office

Year.

erciy

Provisoas to their tv;Hg it.elected.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

lifted as aforesaid, for the Wards in which Elections shall not have been made, and the Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the fame Powers, and shall remain the same Time in Office, as if they had been elected by the Occupiers of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within their respective Wards, in Manner herein-before directed.

LVII. And be it en.ifted, That the said Baillies and Commissioners of the said Nine Wards within the Burgh, and the said Sheriff Substiture of the County of Renfrew, and other Commissioners for the Six Wards within the said Suburbs, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for assessing, levying, and applying the Monies herein directed to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, for naming and appointing the aforesaid Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers* for fixing their Salaries, for regulating the witching, guarding, and patroling of the Streets, for establishing Rules and Regulations for these Purposes, and for executing the other Matters committed to them by this Act.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners for the said Suburbs herein-before named, and the Commissioners who shall be chosen for the said Burgh, on the said Third Monday of August after the passing of this Act, and those chosen to supply Vacancies during the First Year, shall remain in Office till the First Monday of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, on which Day Six of them, or of those who may be elected to supply Vacancies, during the said first Year, within the said Burgh, and Two of the said Commissioners for the said Suburbs, shall go out of Office by Ballot, and Six other Commissioners for the said Burgh, and Two for the said Suburbs, qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places \ and the remaining Twelve Commissioners for the said Burgh, and Four for the said Suburbs, shall remain in Office until the First Monday of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, on which Day Six of them for the said Burgh, and Two for the said Suburbs, shall go out of Office by Ballot, and Six other Commissioners for the said Burgh, and Two for the said Suburbs, qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places; and that the remaining Six Commissioners for the Burgh, and Two for the Suburbs, shall remain in Office till the First Monday of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, when they shall from Seniority go out of Office, and Six other Commissioner.s for the said Burgh, and Two for the said Suburbs, qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places; and that upon the First Monday of November One thousand tight hundred and nine, and orr the First Monday of November annually thereafter. Six of the Senior Commissioners for the said Burgh, and Two for the said Suburbs, shall go out of Office by Rotation, and Six and Two other Commissioners qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places, so that there may be an Election of Six Commissioners for the Burgh, and Two for the Suburbs each Year, and no more, except for supplying Vacancies.

LIX. Provided always, That Persons so going out of Office may be immediately le-elcfted, in which Cafe they shall come in as the youngest Commissionets, and shall be enrolled accordingly.

k LX. And

4-6ff GEORGII III. Cap. 116. 23x9

LX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Wards re- Na-ne* of fpc-ctively shall, and they are hereby authorised ai.d required, Within u*

a Momh alter their Election, to make, or catife to be made, exact cook.

Lifts of the Persons in their respective Wards, qualified to elect or to be elected Comrr.issioners, which Lilts shall be entered in Books kept for that Purpose, and shall be Open and patent for the Infptdion of the P rties interested, at lealonable Times; and the Laid Commissioners dial), from Time to Time, alter ana amend the said Lifts, when necessary.

LXI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall. Ten Days Lift* to be previous to every Election after the First in their respective Wards, deli- c,vue‘ ver so the said Baillies, or to any of them, for the said Burgh and to the said S’lciiff Substitute for the Suburbs, an authentic Lift, subscribed by them respectively, of the Persons within their Watds qualified to tied or be elected Commissioners.

LXII. And be it er.act d, That any Seven of the said C mimissioners within Q iorwm of die L d Burgh, and any Three of the said Commissioners within the said ^‘lirn(£"n* Subuibs, shall be a Quorum for carrying the Porposes of this Act into Execution , but no Assessment shall be made or imposed, n< r any Scvant, Clerk, Watchman, or other Officer appointed, or their Salaries fixed by virtue of this Act, except at Meetings where a M'ajoiity of the Comm flioners who have accepted their Offices a re prdern: Pio* vtried always, that the whole Commissioners iclident in the Burgh or Suburbs at the Time shall be cited personally, or at their Dwelling Places, by written or printed Notices, 10 attend every Meeting of the said Commissioners; and that the lenior Baillic of the said Burgh, or in Ins Ablenee the next fenio; Baili e prefer.: at any Meeting of the Com-ir.issioners lor the said Burgh, and the Sheriff Substitute of the County of Rerfretv, or in ms Absence theddeft Commissioner in Office then pre-frnt, at any Meeting of the Conimiffior.ers for the Suburbs, and in the Ab:e< cr of these any One of the Commissioners present, to be chosen by the Mteiing, shall prefitle at the Meetings of the said Commissioner.s and shall ha^e b rh a deliberative and calling Vote in all Matters and Ques-tiona which shall conic before them.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That Four quarterly Meetings of the said Com- Four qu*r. nuffioners for the Burgh and Suburbs respectively, shall be held annually I®'* on the First Monday in the Months of March, June, September, and December KcSck at Tw lvc of the Clock at Noon, for puoing this Act into Execution; the Year* laid. Meetings of the Commissioners for the Burgh to be held in the Council Chamber thereof, or in such other Place within the said Burgh as shall b appointed by the said Baillies, and those of the Commissioners for the (did i>uburbs to be held within the County Hall within the Lme , the full of the said quarttrly Meeting*, to be held on the First Monday of September alter the p-dling of this Act; and that the senior Baillic, or in his Absence the next lenior Bad lie of ihc said Burgh for the Time for the said Burgh, and the find Shrrff Substitute or deleft Comm.fli ,ner for the said Suburbs, shall cauie tire Whole of the said Commissioners resident at the Time in the Bi.rJi or Subuibs, to be lumnioned to attend the said quarterly Meetings, in M-nnrr before-mentioned, Twenty-four Hours previous to Uic 11me of Meeting.

U.w. fsf frr*J

a 6 N

*3$o 4 6° GEORGII III. Cap. w(>.

So^7°f

LXIV. And be it enjctrJ, That the said Comrtiissioners, or a-M j'trity of thclc pitfent at any of the said quarterly Meetings may j ,ur-‘ r‘* 1u h Time and Place within the Burgh or Subuibs as they may think necessary and proper for executing the Powers vested in them by this Act.

ingulf Mck*

LXV. And be it enacted, That the senior Biiilie, or in his A Hence the <*iitd.QW l° next Baillie, and the fid Sheriff Subllitu e, or the Comm (frontr who may have presided at the last M-cti* g ot ihe Commissioners for the Burgh or Subuibs respectively as aforesaid, shall, when required so to do, by a Writing under the Hands of any Three of the said Comnrfiion- rs, appoint a Special Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held within Forty- ight Hours after Inch Requifni n, and cause all the Conrmif-lioneisto be summoned to such Meeting in Manner aforesaid; and it shall be in th: Power of the said senior Bailiie, or in his Abfrnce che next feninr Pa H e of the said Burgh, and of the £tid Sher'ff Sublluute, or other Comm ffioner as aforesaid, to appoint other Meetings of the said Comm ffioners, to beheld at such Places and Times within the f.iid Buigh and Suburbs as may to them feein necessary for the above Purpose*, the whole Commissionef# being in like Manner always summoned to attend the same.

fto‘v AflelT-

LXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Eemade.6*0 Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and required a: their First quarterly Meeting, to be held upon the First Monday of September annually, to ascertain and impose the Assessment to be levied from the Renters, Occupiers, and Possessors of the Houses, Cellars, Shops, Warehouse1, Cotton Works, and other Buildings before defer ibed } and also to afeettain the Sum; of Money to be expended for the Purposrs aforesaid for the current Year j and that it Ihfill not be lawful to, nor in the Power of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to levy or expend any Monies by virtue of this Act, unless the same shall have be< n previously afr.-lfrd, and the Application thereof ordered by the said Comm.ffioners; and the said Comm-ffioners within the said Burgh and Suburbs shall be subject to and liable in Payment of the said A fit (Tmt*nts for the House?, Ce!i;irs, Shops, Warehouses, Cotton Works and Buildings rented of possessed by them.

Power to »p-

LXVII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners for the said Etirgh Collec- and Suburbs re!pe6ively, shall have Power to appoint a Collector or for?,etc. Collectors, Treasurer or freasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers for levying, receiving, arid applying to the Purposes of this Act, the Monies to be raised by the aforesaid AfTcflh encs, h r keeping their Books and Records, and fc-r the other Purposes afoitfaici; and to provide One or more Office or Offices for holding their Meetings and transacting their Bulinctr; and to fix suitable Salaries to the Surveyor or Surveyors, to be apponneJ m Manner he re in-before di seeled, and to such Coile&ors, TreaCre's, Clerks, or other Officer*?, and t > pay a te. lonable Rent for such C (fi.e or t ffices out of the f ui fuiuh.; a *d t >at the said Corl ct )rs ai d 1 reafbr rs. I-a 1 be ibuunti and obliged to find Security to the said Commissiur»cra lor- their Xvip&uve lu.ro-niifiions with the said i u ds.

LXVIII.-Aal

46° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. itS. 2351

LXyiTl. And be ir ensued, That it shall and may be lawful for the said An af! 'itional C >mn ifiioners to cau'e Weils to be d g, and Pumps to be erected, in vvafcrmayt* ? v f the Streets, Lines, or Pafiagrs'of the said Burgh or Suburbs, rhey procured H a'l think itv ft p'.of-r and advantageous, for obtaining an additional and Supply of 1-rcOi Water for the Use of the Inhabitants , the Expences of Suburbs, digging, nuking, and maintaining such Wells, and efefting such Pumps, to t e Uchayed from the Funds to be levied by virtue of this Act.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That it Hull and may be lawful to the said Com vi lliuntrs to fine any Person or Persons who may be convicted of, ,g welui irjurfng or defiroyirg the Pumps or other Material erc&ed upon the «c. fud Wells, or the Springs or Watercourses fopplying the fame, in any Su n n< t exceeding the Sum of One Pound Sterling for every Offence, and ;.llo the Amount of the Damages thereby lultained, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-before directed.

LXX. And whereas it would be of public Utility. Benefr, and Advar- ‘>3wer*) tage to the Inhabitants of the said Burgh, if the South bind of Coufewcy- scieeo, etc; fi e, the South F nd of Bridge Street, the Street at the West End ur Saccd Bridget and the School Wynd from the English School, to the Corner at the Head of the Lid Wynd, were widened, and if the St ents ait^r mend ned were continued, opened, and formed *, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and iro.y be lawful to tiic f id Comm.llioneis, and they arc h.-rtby amhoriled and empowered, to widen the aforesaid S »th End of causewaxfde, Bridge Street, the Street at tie West End of Saccel Bridge, and the School Wynd; to cor finue the S reel called George Street,

Wetlward to the Turnpike Road, and E ftward in a direct Line, or what fh. jj appear to the Commissioners to he che belt Line into Cauftwayfide> so as the same shall terminate to the South of the Front House lately built by U illidm Jamie[on in the said Sirctt called causewayfide, to open a new Street from the Cross to Cauftwayfide, and from thence to the Satcel Bridge in a Line with Mojs Row, or in such other Direction as they shall think proper, to continue Sneddon Street in a straight Line to the Dyer’s Wynd and to the Cross; to open and form a Street from Mo/s Row to tie River Cart, through the G*ound belonging to William Maxwell, of Brediiand, ai d to the Proprietors on the South thereof, or in such other Place as may he judged most suitable and proper; and also to open a and to pur-new Sirect from the Water Wyrd or Caujewayftde Westward, to New Street* and from thence to Stone Street in the Line which shall appear to the Conurrfii. ners to be most proper; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to purchase from the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Grounds, Koulo, and Tenements, such Part thereof as shall be ne-ctfiary, not exuedi g One hundred and eighty Feet wide, and particularly mentioned and described in the ScheduL* hereunto annexed, for enabling them to tfrulen, continue open, and form the said Streets in Manner aforesaid: Provided always, that although any of the Proprietors or Occupicis of any of the Grounds, Houses, or Tenements shall, through Mis-mfurmation* be wrong named or described in the said Sche- dult, it shall not afimd any Ground or Pretence for the Persons intc-relied, or any of them, to object or to interrupt the Execution of this Act.

235

?» etv,le p-*»‘b

4^6GrORGII Ifh Gap. n6.

LXXI. And be it further encLd, 'I hit thesaidpo/niiiiflijners shall Jr* ve fuU Power and Auihqjty, ana ihs?y ac herr Dy" authorded a; d cn p w* <?rt<j’, to v ifbu; lc and pay our of the Momes to be raised by virtue, vf thhrticl, me Price of the GiounU?, H nies, a* d Tenements L to be purt Jiaied for widei ing the said bcrcccs as Ucrorc mentioned.

tx LX

XII. And be it enacted, Thar it shall md m ;y be lawful fr-r all Bodies,

11 y‘e.i ami Politic, Corporate or C llegiaie, Trustees, Tuto s, and Curator- lor In-convey. Tints, Minors, or furious P\.ri'o:i-> or others, ro whom they are Iruftres, and for every other Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, poffTL-d of, or interested in any such Grounds, Hoofe-, and Tenements, wi\e.ther b> D-ftination to a fcf.es of Heirs, or under Settlement of strict Entail, or in any other Manner to sell and convey the fame or any Part thereof for the Purposes aforeflnd, to the said Commi fii ners; and that all Cor.tradb, Agrienxnt-S Sales, and Conveyances f made shall be valid to ill Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Lfige, or any other or Thing whatever to the contrary notwithstanding: And that all Trull, es, Tutors, and Curators, Corps nations. Proprietors or Incumbrancers, (iibjedt to E:.tads, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified lor whac they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act*

LXXIII. And whereas it may happen that some of the Proprietors of tfriaVora^ce, Houses or Gounds on which such Streets and Weils are intended to be formed may be unwilling to treat with the said Cornn-iflionc/s for the Pure ha e thereof, or cannot agree as to the Price or C mil deration to be pajkl for such Grounds, Houses, or Tenements, be it there fare en..£led. That it shall and may be lawful f r the said Comm Ifione^, and they aie l e;eby empowered to apply to the Sheriff Depute of the County of R nfrew, or his Substiti.tr, for the Time being, who are empowered and required to lumm n and in.pannel not left than Twenty.five nor mo e thap Thirty-six aifereet, fubfiamial, anti d fi;nterested Persons, to appear at such Time and Place as Ih-di be appointed by them, arid cf widen the PaitieTinterested Iha 11 lur/c due Notice, and out of them to name and a Jury to be a; p;in: a Jury of Fifteen Peiiuns, to appear before him at Much Tiuve appowud. 3nj pjaec a by his Wariant or Precept shall be directed, and to receive

such Evidence as final be by either Party brought before him and the said July, and that upon Gash, touching the true Value to be paid for such Grounds, House;-, and Tenements, or for the Loss and Damages which the Proprietors or Occupiers, or other Persons having an Interest in the Lme, may fjffer, as the Case may be; and that the Verdict of such Jury to be returned upon'Oath shall be final and ebnelufive: And thq uid Proprietor fhr.!l be bound to dispose and convey the said Houses and Ground* and Tcfemrnr to the said Comm ilior.ers in due Form of } aV,. upon Payment or Cor. Agnation of the Price in Manner alter mentioned; Provided always, that' the Par ties shall and may have their lawful Challci ges against any of the said Jurymen.

Fii<r» to ->e

LXXIV. And beat enisled, Th t the said Sherd: Depute cr his Substitute

J,mvi«vi°and have pdwc’r Xo.m Time to Time to* hnpose iny Watbnable Tine,

iv'itntflV:. not exceeding One Pound Sterling, cn any of the Persons, who- shall be.Tomnwpcu and returned on any jury cr Juries, who" than not appear, or who shall ft fide to be (worn or, being a Quaker, to affirm, cn the said

Jorf

*353

4b° GEORGII III. Cap. n6.

Jury or Juries or being fl> sworn, shall not give his or their Verdi# j and also on any Petlorr or Pcffons who shall be summoned to give Evidence coucning any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall rtfuf- to be sworn^ (or being Quakers, to affirm) or who being sworn shall relufe to give hr; her, or their Evidence, and to levy lum-marily such Fine or Fir.es by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, with the reasonable Charges of thr Diltrels and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any be, to the Owners, all which Fines shall be applied to the Purposes of this A#.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sheriff Depute, or his Sheriff to pro. Substitute, shall be and they are resp,#Lvely hereby authorised and required, upon such Verdict being returned as before mentioned, to pro- menc of Price, oounce Judgement for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded by the said Jury, and to decern and ordain the Owners or Proprietors, and the Occupier or Occupiers, or o:her Persons having Intcrelt in such Grounds, Houses, and Tenements, or any Part thereof, or their Trustees, Tutors, and Curators or Administrators (upon Payment or Configpation, with the Approbation and by Warranc of the said Sheriff, into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, of the Sum. or Sums of Money so to be awarded by the said Jury) to permit and allow the said Commissioners, or the Workmen tmplpycd by them, quietly to enter into the Possession of the said Grounds, Houses* and Tenements, and to take down and remove such Huufcs or other Buildings, or any Part thereof,.which may be necessary for the Purpose of widening, continuing, opening, or forming the said Streets, and the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said Snenff Depute, or his Substitute, upon the said Verdi# or Verdicts shall be final and couclu-five, to all Inrentc and P iposes whatsoever, against such Proprietors and Occupiers, and other Persons having an intercll in the Prertiilcs, and such Judgement or Decree, or an Extra# thereof from the Sheriff Court Books, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in every Court of Law and Equity whatever.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Event E*pertwsof that such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Commis- JUT sioners shall have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be de« frayed and borne by the said Commissioners, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, equally j but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Commissioners; and on the other Hand if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Commissioners, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners*

Occupier or Occupiers: Provided, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, such Colts and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners.

LXXVII. And be it cna#ed. That unless the said Commissioners shall, WflTram stu-within Five Years from and after the passing of this A#, purchase or *u£hafe4° offer to purchase the Ground belonging to William Smart, they shall have within Fir* ^Loc. & Per.2 a6 O noYcar,<

2354- 46" GEORGII III. Cap. it6.

no Right under this Act to compel him to sell the same, but he shall have full Power to use anti dispose of the said Ground in as ample Manner as it this Act had never passed, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanfling.

where only a

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of a Part !e.rl only of *ny Home, Building, Tenement, or enclosed Field being wanted eisto ur- fur riie making or widening the said Streets, the Proprietors, Life-vfhoteif it- r nte s> an(^ Possessors of such Houses, Buildings, and other Tenements or quired " en. loled Fields, shall be entitled, if they so incline, to receive and be paid the full and adequate Value of the Whole or such Houses, Buildings, ana other Tenements or Fields, and which the said Gcmmissioners shall be, and they are hereby obliged to purchase, account for, and pay ac-co'dingly, as the same shall be agreed on or determined in case of Difference in the Manner herein directed.

Commission-n

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Comers may rc e . missioners to fyj ancj dispose of, or to demise for a Term of Years, such Pnrt or Parts of the Grounds, Houses, and Tenements as may be purchased by them, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and apply the Money arising therefrom towards the Erpence of carrying this Act into Execution.

That Perron*

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com-La^sWhave missioners, before they shall sell and dispose of such Ground, Houses, or been purchas* Tenements shall fird offer to re- cll the same to the Pe Ion or-Persons the first Offer ^rom whom they shall have purchased such Ground, Houses, or icne-of rte-pur- ments; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon

chafe. agree, or shall refuse to ie-purchase the fame, then and in evciy such

Cafe any Affidavit to be made and sworn before onr of His Majesty's Justices of the P.ace for the County of Renfrew by same Person or Persons no way interedrd in the said Ground, Houses, or Tenements, hating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, and that such Offer was men and ihceupon not agreed to, or was relufed by the Person or Persong to whom the fame w^s lo offered, shall in all Courts whailoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof cnac such Offer was made and was not agreed 10, or was refused by the Perldn or Periuns to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

Notice to be

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That previous Notice shallibe given by the cupterj°bdore Commissioners to the Icnanis and Occupiers of jj such Ground, their Removal. Houses, or Tenements as are tobefo converted and diipoied or lo< the Purposes.aforesaid Six Months at lead before the Term of Whitsunday% at which the said Tenants or Occupiers are to remove therefrom, by affixing a Notice in Writing to that Effect upon the mod parent Door of such Gtound, Houses, or Tenements, and delivering such Notice to the principal Occupiers thereof.

Power to fell

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That after the Purchase of any Houses or rot*w^nt«L Tenements which may be found necessary for the aforesaid Improvements, and the said Streets are so widened, continued, and formed, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to fell by public Auction or otherwise, on Payment of an adequate

2355

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

qua'e Price. ihe old Material of such Houses and Buildings, ff any be

vreto as the remaining Grounds or Areas along die Lire or Course of the f *reiaid Streets, and the Price thereof shall be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Ufc or Purpose whatever.

LXXXIIT.* And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application of or awarded to be' paid for any Ground, Houses, or Tenements, pur- iS^xcced* chafed, taken, or uled by vircue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur- ing *oal. poles thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-Rents,

Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Dif-biiitv or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of SdTion, be with all convenient Speed paid into ihe Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Ground,

Houses, or Tenements, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Lch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Ground, Houses, or Tenements, or affecting other Ground, Hous s, or Tenements, (landing settled tnrrcwiih to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or PurpokSi or where such ivioney shall not be so applied, thm the lame shall be laid out and invested, under the like D.restior) and Approbation oi the said Court, in the Purchase of other Ground, Houses, or Tenements, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Ue^, Trulfs, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as ihe Ground, Hotifr, or Tenements, which shall be 10 puichJcd, tak^n, or died as aforesaid Hood settled or limited; or fut;h of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing un-deteimmed and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Puichale shall be made, the Incerclt or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entjritd to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Houses, or Tenements, so hereby directed to be purchased, in calc such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money vviiere the so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Ground, Houses, or Tenements, purchased, taken, or u(ed for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to c 1 and

any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabduy or Inca- *s "otlcfaihaa pacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, and not less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground,

Houses, or Tenements so purchased, taken, or used, and of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Accounts as aforesaid, in otder to be applied in Manner herein-before directed.

2356 46° GEORGII III. dap. ii6.

directed, or nthcrwifp, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Truces, ro be nominate i by the Person or Persons making such Option, an t approved or by 7'wo or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination md Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, a d the Interest arrfing thereon, may be applied in Manner here-in-betorc directed, lo far as the Case may be applicable.

where left LX X

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money fq

than *ol. agrerd or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than

Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Houses, or Tenements so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively*

in case of not

LXXXVL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to T?i£"*ew? whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Ground, Houses, or Tenements, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or it the Perton or Person*. entitled to such Ground, Houses, or Tenements be not known or disco* vered, then and in every such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, to rder the f»id| Purchase Mo- Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Sro the Bank! 5 otland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the P^rtie*

interfiled in the said Ground, Houses, or Tenements (describing the m)* fuhjefl ;othe subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofiuon of the Court of Session; Court of thC which Courr, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Session. Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, a* to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest:, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

where any

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arifit Qaifti&n shal) touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said the Right to* Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Ground, Houses* iwch Money, or Tenements, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Ground.,

Housej

2357

4&°G£OR.GII III. Cap. iib.

Houses, or Tenements, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Personi who shal) b.-ye been in Possession of fjjch Gro.und, Houses, or I enerrents 2t the Tune of such Purchase, and ail Persons claiming under such Person or Personr, or under the PcflefTion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Ground, Houses, or Tenements, according to such Possession, until the Contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Courr of Session; and such Money, and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of a-., ordingiy, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that men Posscff; ,n was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Perst.ns was or were lawfully entitled to such Ground, Houses, or Tenements, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by The court realonof any Disabilty or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpora- I^5,nabfc Cion, entitled to any Ground, Houses, or Tenements to be* purchased under Expences of the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be bs'pakfby0 required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Pur- Commission.

, chile of o;her Ground, Houses, or Tenements, ro be settled to the like ers*

Ull-s in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in puriuai.ee . vf this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reaforuble, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said . Court shall direct.

LXXXIX. AndbeitenadecJ, Thatthesaid Commissioners shall havePower, Forer«flin£

anil they are hereby authorised and empowered, to purchase a con-*rkSou!c° veojent Piece of G.ound, not exceeding One Acre, from any Person or Perfuijs willing to sell the same, and to ered and build thereon a Bridewell or Workhouse, for the Reception only of Persons convicted by the* said Baillies or Justices of Crimes committed within their re-fp’dive DistndH under' this Act and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to appoint a K eper, Clerk, and other Persons for man?_;u)g the said Btidewell or Workhouse, with suitable Salaries-,

£»nd alii) From Time to Time to make proper Rules and Regulations for the internal Government of the said Bridewell or Workhouse, ana to alter and amend the same as they shall see fit, which Rules and Regulations the said Keeper, Clerks, and other Servants shall punctually observe and obey v-and the said Keeper or Clerk is hereby required to keep a Book, wherein shall be mltrted the Name of every Person confined within the Did Bridewell or Workhouse, and the Crime for which he or she is committed, the Time they are to be confined, and the Name of the B.iiliie or Justice by whom the Warrant of Commitment is granted end signed, the Work, if any, executed during such Confinement, and the Price or Money arising and received therefrom by the Person authorised to receive the same, with, the Names of the Person or Persons by whom such Price or Money is paid, which Book shall at all Times be open for the Inspection of the said Bailfies or Justices and Commissioners; and the Keeper of the said Bridewell or Workhouse shall keep and employ the Persons confined therein at such Works , as he fhnli think them best qualified to perform, during the respective Periods of their Confine-

2358 46° GEORGV1 HI, C,ap. 11b.

Powers to XC. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the salt!

XSSST Saiilies within the Burgh, and to the J offices within the Suburbs, to commit Idlers, Vagaooncls, public and Sturdy Beggars, and all Persons who have r.o settled Place of Residence, or follow no lawful Employment, to the said Bridewell or Workhourfr, to be kept at hard Labour for a Period not exceeding Three Month* for every Offence.

Mon*y ruling from :'ieir Labour how to be ip-plieit.

Purchase Money how to be defrayed.

Power to borrow Money.

Persons har-

Powsr to regulate Markets, etc.

XCI. And be it enacted, That the Money arising from the Labour and Work of the Rcrlons confined in the said Bridewell or Workhouse, shall be applied by the said Commissioners towards defraying the Expence of the Lid EHablishment, but it shall and may be lawful for any or the said Bailbes or Justices to give to any Person confined in the said Bridewell or Workhouse, who shall by his or her good Conduct and Ir.duftry earn mpre Monty than is adequate to the Charges of his or her boarding and keeping the rein, the Surplus, or Parr thereof, at his or her Liberation, either in Money, or in purchasing Wearing Apparel, as shall seem mi ff proper.

XCII. And be it enacted, That the Purchase Money of the said Grounds, and the Expen.ce of erecting the said Bridewell or Workhouse, and other Buildings necessary for the Effdohshment, shall be defrayed from the bunds to 1 e levied under this Act.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby empoweicd, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds Sterling, for the Purposes of purchasing the said Grounds, Houses, and Tenements, and erecting the said Bridewell or Workhoufr, and other necessary Buildings, and to allign over the Rates and Affc-fhnents hereby granted, to any Person or Persons from whom such Money may be burrowed as a Security for the same.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person within the said Burgh, or Suburbs, shall hereafter knowingly permit or fuffur any Idler, Rogue, or Vagabond to lodge or take Shelter in any House, Barn, or Outhouse belonging to him, her, or them, and shall not appte-hend and carry such Rogue, Idler, or Vagrant before One of the said Baillies or Joffices of the Peace, or give Notice to some Cogitable or other Officer so to do, every Pc: fan so offending, upon being lawfully convicted either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness before One or more of the said Baillies or Justices, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, nor kfs than Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, for each Offence, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other to be applied to the Purposes cf this Adr.

XCV. And whereas the Baillirs and Town Council of the said Burgh have, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants, erected large and convenient Market Places for the Sale of Meal, Butchers Meat, Fish, and other Commodities and Articles, and a convenient Slaughter House for killing Cattle, whereby they have incurred a large Expence; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Baillies and Town Council, in Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered and authorised, at any Time or Times, to make, ordain, and establish

23 59

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

[Proviso.]

such Rules, Orders, and Regulations (not repugnant to the Law of ScotlandJ, for the better regulating the Lid Market Places, Slaughter Houses and all other public Market Places erected or which shall be erected within the said Burgh, and for collecting the Duca in the said public Markets, and in other Places within the Limits of the I*aid Burgh as they shall judge fit and expedient; and also from Time to Time to repeal, vary, and alter such Rules, Orders, and Regulations: Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to sell or expose to Sale within the said Burgh, any Frelh Meat which has not been killed in the public Slaughter House; and if any Person or Persons shall act contrary to the true Meaning hereof, he, she, or they shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling for every Offence, besides the ordinary Market Dues of the Meat lo exposed, and the Expence of recovering the same.

X CVI. And be it enacted, That where'Powers are by this Act given to the Raillies to act said Baillies and Justices of Peace indiscriminately, the Baillies shall be exclusively entitled to decide all Matters and Questions arising within juitiie’s in the the said Burgh; and the said Justices shall be entitled to decide all Mat- Suburb*, ters and Questions arising within the said Suburbs , and in all Cafes where by Common or Statute Law any Offender is liable to be committed to a House of Correction or to hard Labour, the said Justices as well as the Baillies shall have lull Power to commit such Offender to the said Bridewell, provided he resides or the Offence is committed within the said Burgh or Suburbs.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That aBook or Books shall be prepared and Account* to kept by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall be kept* appoint, wherein shall be fairly entered an Account of all Monies levied and paid by virtue of this Act, and how the fame have been applied, and the said Books shall be regularly letiled and balanced yearly on the first Monday of October preceding the annual Election of Commissioners, the First Balance to be struck on the first Monday of October, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, from which a State of the Receipts and Disbursements for the preceding Year shall be made out and printed on or before the first of November annually, after the Books are balanced, and a Copy thereof shall be delivered to each of the said Commissioners, and to the Members of the Town Council, and lodged in the Council Chamber of the said Burgh, and in the County Hall within the said Suburbs, where they shall remain Six Weeks for the Inspection, without Fee or Reward, of all Persons contributing to the aforesaid Assessments.

XCVIII. And be icenacted, That the said Commissioners shall keep, or Minutcstob* cause to be kept, aBook or Books, in which shall le ingossed and kept, written a Minute of all their Proceedings and TranLdions, with an Account of the Salaries and Emoluments of Surveyors, Clerks, Servants,

Watchmen^ Collectors, Tre hirers, and other Officers, appointed by them; which Book or Books flisll, at all reasonable Times, be open for the Inspection of every Person contributing to the aforesaid Assessments,

who shall and may perule the fame, without Fee or Reward; and it shall and Actions

be competent to the said Town Council to bring Actions against the ?ay

said Commissioners, or to the Commissioners for the Time being, or a r°ug

Majority

2360 4-kc GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Majority of them, to brirjg Actions against their Predecessors in Office,: before any competent Court in Scotland, in case they shall embezzle* squander, or misapply any of the Funds vested in them, by virtue of this Act: Provided that such Action or Actions shall be commenced within Twelve Calendar Months after the Time when the Offence shall have been committed.

piay kvy'all XCIX. Provided always, and be it enifted, That the said Baillies and otiier Duties Town Council may exact and levy the Duties in use to be exacted and as heretofore. ]cvjecj in the several Market Places, and also all Mail*, Duties, Customs, and other Rates, which were in use to be levied within the said Burgh, for Behoof of the Community thereof, in the same Manner as before die passing of this Act, and likewise all such other Market Dues as the said Baillies and Town Council may be legally entitled to impose.

Ir. whose C. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the Procurator

are^Vbe10l,# Fiscal for the said Burgh, and to the Procurator Fiscal for the Justice brought. of Peace Court of the County of Renfrew, for the said Suburbs, with the Concurrence of any of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or for any One or more of the said Commissioners, to bring Actions, and Execution shall pass at their Instance respectively, for Performance of the Obligations, and for levying and recovering the Penalties here in-be fore specified.

Baillies or Cl. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for decernSfhm- the said Baillies or justices of the Peace, or any one of them, to decern mariry for in a summary Manner for the several Penalties, Damages, and Expences, exceeding nQt by this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is

is Shillings, not herein particularly before described); and in case the Penalty and For-Sterling. feiture be not immediately paid, the said Baillies or Justices. or any one of them, where the Sum decerned for does not exceed Fifteen Shillings Sterling, shall, and they are hereby empowered to commit the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay the fame, to Prison, for any Time not exceeding Ten Days, unless such Penalties, Damages, and Expences, and the Charges incurred in levying and recovering the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Penalties ex- CII. And be it further enacted, That where the Penalties, Forfeitures* b?r(rcovered° ^amaSes* an^ Expences, decerned for, exceed the Sum of Fifteen by-Distress Shillings Sterling, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or

and Sale. Justices, or any One of them, upon Conviction of the Oft'ender or Of-

fenders, by their own Confession, or by legal Evidence, according to the Law of Scotland, in case the Offender or Offenders shall not immediately pay the Sums decerned for, to cause the same to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods and Effects, by Warrant, under the Hand of any of the said Baillies or Justices, and alter deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, the Surplus, if any, arising from such Sale, shall be paid to such Person or Persons; and in calc futficien; Goods and Effects shall not have been found, ic shall be lawful for such Baillie or Justice to cause such Person or Persons to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said Burgh or Workhouse, after mentioned, therein to continue for a Space, not exceeding Twenty Days, unless the Sums of Money so decerned for, and all reasonable Charges incurred, shall

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 116. 2361

be sooner paid and satisfied: Provided always, that the said Baillies and other Judges are in all Cafes empowered to decern, not only for the Expence of any Works or Operations, or of any other Expences, Sums of Money, Damages, or Penalties, under the Authority of this Act, but also for the Coils of Suit.

CIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and msy be lawful for the said Baillies and Justices, or any One of them,from Lime to Time, to mitigate cna" and Ieflcn any of the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, to any Sum not ltfs than One Third of the said Forfeitures and Penaliies, besides the Expences and Charges of suing for the lame.

CIV. And be it enacted, That the Whole of the pecuniary Penalties and fcng[JJeJ^ah* Forfeitures herein-before authorized to be levied, shall, after deduding the

Purpose* of

necessary Charges of recovering the fame, be paid to and make Part of this Act. the Funds to be applied under the Direction of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

CV. And be it enacted, That when it is necessary to bring Actions for Actions^tobe recovering any of the Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by virtue of this W;K Three Act, Actions for Recovery thereof shall be commenced within the Space Months, of Three Calendar Months from the Time the Facts by which they are incurred shall have been committed, and if not commenced within the aforesaid Space, the Person or Persons who shall have so offended shall not be liable to be prosecuted thereafter.

CVI. And t.e it enacted, That no Action shall be commenced against the No A.flion t» said Commissioners or any other Person or Persons for any Thing done in ^Va^Onft'" the Execution of this Act alter Three Calendar Months from the Time Commission. the Fadt is discovered or known, and the Defender or Defenders in such Action or Process may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done by Authority and in virtue thereof, and if they shall appear fs to be done, then and in that Cafe the Defender or Defenders shall be aflbil-zied from such Action or Process, and the Pursuer or Pursuers in such Action shall be found liable to pay to the said Defender or Defenders the whole Expences of Process incurred by him or them.

CVII. And be it further enacted.Thatif any Person or Persons shall think Appeal, him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or other Proceeding of the said Commissioners, or of the said Baillies or Justices, it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Renfrew, at their then next General Quarter Sessions assembled, who are hereby empowered to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, and whose Order thereon shall be final and conclusive.

CVIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall be competent to the Sheriff' and Justices of the Peace for the County of Renfew to exer- skeriffand' cife the fame Powers and Jurisdictions within the said Buigh and Suburbs Justicnof the as were competent to them before thepafling of this Act, any Thing herein ounty‘ contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIX. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Kiahn of the tained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, abridge, or [Lot- & Per.} »6 diminish *u,

2362 III. Cap. 116.

diminish any Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, or Powers which now belong to and are enjoyed by the Baillies and Town Council of the said Burgh by virtue of former Acts of Parliament, or Royal Charters, or of immemorial Usage.

CX. And be it enacted, That the Charges incurred in applying for and obtaining this Act, and in erecting and maintaining the aforesaid Brkle-well or Workhouse, shall be defrayed from the Funds to be levied under the Authority of this Act, in Proportion to the Amount of the Afitfimenc levied and recovered in the Burgh and Suburbs respectively, and that the Commissioners for the One District shall at all Times have, free Access to the Books kept by the Commissioners of the other, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Statements of the fame, and of discovering that the Assessf-inenis in each of the Two Districts have been rated and levied agreeable to this Act.

CXI. And be it enr.sted, That the Charge and Expences of patting this £e Advanced° Act shall in the First Inltance be advanced by the said Baillies 2nd Town taifleUr&h°f Council> out of the Funds of the Community of the said Burgh, and y‘ shall be repaid to them with Imereft, from the respective Periods of advancing the fame, out of the Monies arising from the Assessments aforesaid, by equal Portions from the Funds levied on the Burgh and Suburbs under the Authority of this Act.

[Public Act.]

CXII. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Judges, and Magi flutes, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and ' all other Officers and Executors of the Law whomsoever, are hereby re-

quired to aid and assist in putting this Act into due and lawful execution; and that this Act Dull be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being Ipcclally pleaded.

How Expences cf obtaining the Act shall be paid.

46° GEORGII III. tty. 1x6. 2363

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

New-Street, from Cross to causeway, Side-Street, and from thence to Siorie-Streer.

Alexander Macalifter, Merchant.

John-Watt, Merchant,

John Neilfon, Grocer.

James Waterfton Senior, Painter.

The Heirs of Andrew Whyte.

William Wylie, Merchant.

Alexander Giblbn, Writer.

George Christie, Merchant.

Thomas Sommerville, Innkeeper.

George MlGoun, Merchant.

Mathew Sproul Mciklcbog.

James Wilson.

William Carlile.

Peter Wright, Distiller.

Alexander McAu(lan'd, Shoemaker. William Reid, Weaver.

Hugh Richmond Senior, Taylor Mathew Smith, Manufacturer.

James Love Senior.

Alexander Pinkerton, Merchant.

John Auchinclofs, Manufacturer.

Duncan Taylor, Shoemaker.

James Dunlop Andrew Brown.

Gavin Maxwell.

James Robertson, Wright.

Charles James Fox Orr.

John Adam, Weaver.

John Cochran.

James Law Ion, Weaver.

James Kerr, Weaver.

John Finlay, Smith.

John Wright, Weaver.

David Harley, Weaver.

The Heirs of John Paton.

William Borland, Weaver.

Walkinshaw.

John Neilfon, Printer.

Dougzrl M‘Alefter, Manufacturer.

James Dunlop Beith.

George Gillie?, Wright.

Charles Downie, Manufacturer.

Robert Cochran, Manufa^urer.

Robert Fulton, Weaver.

Alexander Falconer, Mafbn William Winning, Grocer.

John Ralfton, Wright.

Archibald Robertson, Grocer.

Robert Wright, Merchant.

Archibald Martin, Thread Manufacturer* Andrew Gibson, Lochwinnoch.

Street from Saucil to causeway Si<3«.

William Pinkerton, Merchant.

Walter Carfewell, Manufacturer*

Hugh Anderson, ditto.

James Neilfon, ditto.

- Boyd.

- :— Cairns.

John Arneil, Wright.

John Robertson, Weaver.

James Gilmour, Merchant.

Robert Gilmour, Manufacturer}

John Wilson, Merchant.

James Love, senior.

Managers of the House of Recovery} John Wilson.

Hugh Thomson, Banker.

Walter Weir, Manufacturer.

The Creditors of William Gardner. William Pinkerton, Merchant.

William King.

The Heirs of William Shanks.

Thomas Ross, Weaver.

William Bell, Teacher.

Francis Dunnetc Clorhlapper.

Thomai Leilhman, Baker.

John Auchinclofs, Manufacturer. William Orr, junior.

John Fisher, Manufacturer.

Robert Jamicfon, Manufacturer.

James Henry, Clothiapper.

David Trail, Dyer.

Street from Cross to Sneddon Street.

Alexander LufiVr, Merchant.

William Graham, Manufacturer.

Robert

2364. 46* GEORGII III. Cap. lib.

Robert Clark, Shoemaker.

- Wilson.

Malcom Lang, Dyer.

James Duncan, Smith.

John Burr, Weaver.

George Caldwell, Manufacturer.

The Heirs of James Taylor.

- Abercrombie.

The Community of Paisley.

Alexander Reid, Manufacturer.

John Speirs, Farmer.

Robert Muir, Baker.

John War nock.

Alexander Kerr, Postmaster.

William Marshall, Skinner.

Robert Carfewell Senior, Manufacturer. The Heirs of John Lee.

William Maxwell.

Mathew Montgomery.

William Cochran, Tnrcad Manufacturer.

»----- -- Carfewell. 1

- Henderson.

1—----- Davidson.

Daniel Kerr, Thread Manufacturer,

John M'Alpin, Weaver.

Robert Alexander, Thread Manufacturer.

Continuation of George Screer.

William Jamiefon, Manufacturer. William Stirling, Merchant.

William Campbell, Manufacturer. James Pirrie, Weaver.

John Millar, Teacher.

The Trustees of Andrew Brown.

" Wardrop.

Saint Mirrens Mill Company.

John Thomson, Mason.

John Orr, Manufacturer.

The Community of Paiftey.

John Wilson’s Trustees.

William Stuart.

Henry Wilson, Writer.

Curators of Charles James Fox Orr, David Barbour, Weaver.

James Beveridge, Weaver.

Robert Wylie, Weaver.

Mathew Gemmill.

- Robertson.

Opening, Head of causeway Side.

William Love.

G les Stevenson Love.

John and William Peock.

Alexander Frazer, Grocer.

John M‘Lachlan, Weaver.

Jame» Anderson, Grocer.

Mathew Lochead, Merchant.

William Gilmour, Baker.

Lawrence Hill, Weaver Peter Reid, Weaver.

Thomas Telford, Weaver.

Margaret Fyffe.

- Mercer and----- Maxwell,

William Cochran, Grocer.

William Stewart, for----- Hastings.

- Erlkine.

William Ramsay, Manufacturer

Opening, Head of School wynd,

William Marshall, Skinner Margaret Deans.

Towns Hospital.

Heirs of Hugh Johnson.

John Gardner, Taylor.

William Muir of Peel.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. iSc6.

ANNQ QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*+*W*9

Cap 117.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways and Pallages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleaning and lighting the said Town, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for 16 G. j. paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, c,t in the County of Gloucester, and for belter cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now ft ending the rein; and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisancest and Annoyances

And whereas the Town of Cheltenham has for near a Century pafl been a Place of great publick Resort on account of the Salubrity of its Air, and its celebrated Mineral Waters j and of late Years the Resort of Persons to the said Town has very considerably increased, and will in all Probability continue to increase: And whereas the Want of proper Accommodations for the Company lo resorting to the said Town has been defervcdly the Subjrd of very general Complaint, and very detrimental to the Company as well as to the Inhabitants of the said Town and its Vicinity: And whereas the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and publick Places already made and built, and which are now making and building within the said Town and Parish of Cheltenham, are in many Parts incommodious \Loc, fcf Pir.] 26 R and

2366

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

andunfafe for Passengers, very badly paved, and not fuffrciently cleansed and lighted, and no Watch has been ycx established; and the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and publick Places are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and other Streets, Crescents, Ways, Passages, and publick Places are intended to be or may be made or built within some Part of the said Parish, which may be subject or liable to the fame or similar Inconveniences; and it would tend greatly to the Convenience, Benefit, and Safety of the Publick, as well a» of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses already built or building, and of such other Houses as may hereafter be buiic therein, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and publick Places already made or hereafter to be made, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obft ructions removed and prevented in future, and if a proper and effective Police were established in the said Town of Cheltenham; and it would also tend greatly to the Convenience and Benefit of the Publick, as well as of the Inhabitants of the said Town and the Neighbourhood thereof, if a sufficient Number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and of Porters, B*(kec Men, and Basket Women were licensed, and the fame were respectively put under proper Regulations, and if the other Improvements herein-afeer mentioned were made in the said Town and Parish of Cheltenham j but such several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act have been found in some Respects infuflkient, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered and amended, and further Powers granted for those Porpoks: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Matters, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provisions, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Claufrs therein contained, so far as the same are not hereby varied, altered, or repealed, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and the Rates hereby granted shall be and the lame are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Debts, Sum and Sums ot Money, now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Act, and the Interest due and to become due thereon respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Debt or Debtsi Su-n or Sums of Money had been be rowed or become due upon the Credit or on Account of this Act; and that such former Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, and the Interest thereof, shill be paid off and discharged in preference to and before any De bt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which shall be borrowed or become due upon the Credic or under ihe Powers 07 Authorities of this Act-, provided the Person or Persons to whom the said former Debt or Drbts, Sum or Sums or Money now is or axe or shall become due, shall require the lame so to be paid off and discharged.

c II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Thomas

eri"im' l°r‘" Howard commonly caikd Lord Vifeoum Andover, the Honourable John ato-s Dutton,

46‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 117. 2567

Dutton, Sir William Hicks Baroner, Sir George Duckett Baronet, Sir Robert Herries Knight, William Pturner, Charles Shaw Lefevre, R bert Morris, John Brown, John Bowl s, Abraham Byrib, Thomas Packer Butt,

William Humpbris Barrett, Thomas Byrch, Jciw Byrcb, Joseph Bickkam,

William Bafiin, William Ballinger, Richard Critchett, William Capel,

Christopher Capel, William Capel the younger, Daniel Capel, Charles Cox-well Clerk, Charles Coxwell the younger. Clerk, Clarke, Thomas

Baghott Dela Bere, Thompson Evans, Henry poulkes Clerk, Alexander Fothringham, Richard Farjler, John Gale, Charles Higgs, Samuel Higgs,

Robert Hughes, John HtggSs Edward Jenner Doctor of Pnyfitk, Gilbert Janes, Thomas Jordan, Benjamin Kingston, Rce King Clerk, William Lawrence, Jofph Lavender, Richard Lang bridge, Thomas Minster, Thomas Nash Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, William Nettlcjhipp, Joiw Nettlefhijp,

Thomas Newman, Doctor OnJlowt)ezt\ of Worcester, Samuel Pickering Clerk,

Joseph Pitt, Thomas Pruen, Riddell, Harry Rooke, William Ruff ell,

Charles Stager, Charles llanbury Tracy, Edward Tatham Clerk Doctor in Divinity, Robert Lawrence Townsend Clerk, //my Thompson, Charles Brandon Trye, Reginald Wynniatt Clerk, Cornelius Woolley, Walter Welsh,

Benjamin Wells, James Wood, William Wood, John Boles Watson, Charles Wynne, anti Jonathan IVildey (together with such of the Commissioners named in the said recited Act, and who have been since appointed in pursuance thereof, as are now living) shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, such Commissioners (and their Successori to be appointed as herein-after mentioned) being respectively duly qualified, and taking and subscribing the Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Purport herein-after mentioned and required.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take commence-Effect upon the Third Tuesday next alter the passing thereof, on which ^tottni* Day there Shall be a General Meeting of the said Commissioners at the *"

George Hotel at Cheltenham aforesaid, or at such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, when (if any Five of the said Commissioners shall be there assembled, but not otherwise) this Act may and is hereby required to be proceeded on in the Execution thereof; and a General Meeting of the Commissioners shall be helil for carrying the fame into Execution on the ;First Tuesday in every Month afterwards, at the fame Hour and Place, unless some other Hour, Day or Days in the Week or Year, or some other Place within the Parish of Cheltenham aforesaid, shall be appointed by the Commissioners afierabled at the said First Meeting, or any subsequent Meeting at which there fna’.l be Five Commissioners assembled j and if at the Times when the said Meetings ere hereby required, or shall be lb as aforesaid appointed to be held, there shall not be at each such Meeting Five Commissioners present, then such Meeting shall (land adjourned to the next Day on which a Meeting in pursuance of this Act would otherwise be, or at a prior Meeting shall have been appointed to be held as aforesaid j and no Ad, Order,

Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding of the said Commissioners shall be valid or effectual, unless had, made, or done at a Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Acr, and unless at every such Meeting the re shall heat lead Five Commissioners prefenr, the said Number of Five Commissioners being hereby declared to be sufficienc and fully competent to execute

2368

Provision for calling a Special Meeting of the Com* DtiiTioneri.

yalificatlon

+6' GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

ecute all the Purposes of this Act (except the Revocation, Suspension, or Alteration of any Order, Rule, Rtfolution, or Proceeding made or done by or at any preceding Meeting as herein mentioned) and that at such First Meeting for putting this Act into Execution one ©f' the Commissioners present thereat shall be appointed Ch nrman, to' whom any one other of such Commissioners shall attd is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect hereinafter mentioned, and such Chairman shall immediately afterwards administer the like Oath or Affir mation to the other Commissioners then present j and at every other Meeting a Chairman shall in like Manner be appointed, and the Chairman for the Time being shall and is hereby alone authorized and required to administer the Oath or Affirmation hereby required to be taken by the said Commissioners and their Successors; and in all Cafes where there shall arise a Difference of Opinion, the Question shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Commissioners then present; and if upon any Question there shall be an equal Number of Votes (including the Chairman’s Vote) then the Chairman shall have the carting Vote; and that no Order, Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding had, made, or done at any Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, at which there shall have been Five Commissioners present, shall be revoked, suspended, or altered, unless at some subsequent Special Meeting to be held for that Purpose (which any 1 hree or more of the Commissioners are hereby empowered to call, and of which Seven Days previous Notice at the least of the Time, Place, and Purpose shall be given and inserted in the The Gloucester Herald or Gloucester Journal, or Tome pu'olick Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Gloucester, or affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of Cheltenham aforesaid) a greater Number of Commissioners than were prefenc at the Meer-jngt)r Meetings at which such Order, Rule, Refolurion, or Proceeding proposed or intended to be revoked, suspended, or altered shall have been made shall be present, and shall concur in the Revocation, Suspension, or Alteration thereof, and in such Case no other Meeting to pro-c^<d in the Execution of this Act shall be held until after the Day eXpressed in such Notice; and at every Meeting the Commissioners present shall defray their own Expence^.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if it shall be thought necessary to hold a Meeting before'the Time at which a Meeting is hereby required, or shall be so as aforesaid appointed to be held, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or for their Clerk for the Time being, and they or he are and is hereby required to call a Special Meeting, of which Seven Days previous Notice shall be given in the same Manner as is herein-before mentioned in the Cafe and (or the Purpose of calling a Meeting to revoke, suspend, or alter a former Order, Rule, or Proceeding; and in like Manner no Meeting to proceed in the Execution of this Act, shall be held until after the Day expressed in the Notice for such iaft mentioned Special Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of this Act, who is or shall be a Victualler, or yvbo shall fell Ale, Wine, Cyder, or any Spi-

rituous

2369

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 if-

rituous Liquors by Retail or duiing the Time he shall hold or enjoy any Offi e or Place of Profit under, or be concerned in any Conti >:ft made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; or in any Case wherein he (ha) i be in anywise personally. of "beneficially interested in the M.itterin question (except as a Creditor on th^Rates or AfT Aments herein-after squired to be made and levied), of who shall not in his ownR:"hr, or in the Right of his late or present Wife, be in the actual Pi fffijon, Enjoymen-, and Rrceipr of the Rents and Profits of M< ffuages, Lands, I eneriients or Hereditaments of an Estate of Inheritance or for I/feor Lives, or for any Term of Years exceeding Sixty Years, either absolut-lv or det- minable on any Life or Lives, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds (above "Reprizes and Incumbrances) or possessfed of such Eli te or Estates as lad mentioned, and a Personal Estate j >intly, or a Personal Estate alone to the Amount or Value of One chouLna Pounds over and above the An ount of his Debts; nor shall any Person be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except in admmiftenng the Oath or A formation to the Chairman of such First Meeting as aforesaid) until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

\ A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemn- oath.

4 ly declare and affirm] That 1 am really and bona fide in my own

Right [or, in Right of my Wife, late or present, as the Case may be~\

now in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the ilencs

and Profits of Mrfiuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of an Estate of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, or for a Term or Terms

exceeding Sixty Years, either absolute or determinable on a Life or Lives [as the Case may bej of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes and Incumbrances, or possessed of such Estate or Estates

as last mentioned, and a Personal Estate jointly, or a Personal Estate

alone to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds over and above & what will pay all my just Debts, and that I will truly and impartially,

« according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform , ail and every the Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commis-« fioner, by virjue of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Y ar of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here add the

t ‘Title of this Act-'] So help me GOD.*

And if any Person not qualified in Manner herein-before mentioned to act Penalty on ns a Commilliorcr, shall presume to act as such in the Execution of the Pcf^?Vr,dt* Powers hereby given or any of them, every such Person shall for every ?n'a* coin-1* such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered on raissioner*. the Information or Prosecution of any Person or Persons whomsoever, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty* Courts of Record ar Westminster, by Action of Dehr, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed -, and every Person fofued or prosecuted shall prove that he was at the Time of acting qualified.as af refold, or otherwill* than pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff ot Prosecutor, than that such Person had acted as i Commifii mer in the Execution of this Act; and the Money so to be recovered lhatl, after Payment of the Costs and Ex-[Loc. y PerS] a6 S pence*

2370

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. i j 7.

prnces attending the Recovery thereof, be paid as follows, (chit is ro say* 1 nr , it tier of to the I former or Prosecutor, and the other Moiety thereo? io the Treasurer :0 be appointed by virtue of this Act, to be by him applied to t: e Purposes of this Act.

Commission-

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That ers who ar- jj- shall be lawful ior any of the laid Commissioners who aie or shall Fr<Tmnv 't be in the Comm ffion of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, actas Justices. jo act as Justiers of the Peace in or relating to the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners under this Act.

Appointment

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, or the Re-misti D-r* m fufal or Incapacity to ad of any of the Commissioners hereby appointed, Death* &c or to °c aPP°'ntcc^ as herein-after mentioned, for the Space of Three Ca-ca ,f lendar Months, it shall be lawful fur the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them who shall be prefect at any Meeting to be specially held for that Purpose, due Notice being given of such Meeting in Manner aforesaid, to elect and appoint fp many fit and able Person*- to be Commissioners as shall supply the then Vacancies, and the Commissioners io elected and appointed, shall have and are hereby vested with ?hc fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution in all R fp ct< wnarsoever, as the Commissioners in whose room they shall be appointed were vested with.

When Commissioner- are reduced u ider Twenty, new

chosen.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter the said Commissioners shall be reduced to a lei's Number than Twenty, then and in such Case the remaining Commissioners qualified as aforesaid, or the major Part of them who shall be present at any Meeting to be specially held for that Purpose (due Notice being given of such Meecing in Manner aforesaid) are hereby authorized and required, upon due Proof being made of the Matter stated, to elect and appoint such and so many Person or Persons, being qualified as aforesaid, as shall appear to be wanting, to the Intent and Meaning that the Number of Commissioners for executing the Purposes of this Act shall at all Times hereafter be and remain Twenty at least.

Power of nd-

Oaths and8 making Ailir-mations.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes under this Act, where the said Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, are authorized to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and such justice or Justices, and they are hereby required and empowered to administer itch Oath ot Affirmation.

To- irc-enfine K further enacted, That if it shall at any Time be judged

the Numherof expedient that the Number of Commissioners for executing this Act Commission- fh^old be increased, and should exceed the Number of Commissioners hereby appointed, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden lor the said County of Glouctjler. and they are hereby required from Time to Time, upon Application being made to them by the Majority of the Commissioners for the Time being, to be assembled at any Meeting to be

held

46° GEORGII III. Cap.nj. 2371

held for that Purpose, to nominate and appoint, within Three Cal ndar Months next after such Application shall be made, such Persons 2s they in their Discrerion (hill think fit and proper to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and the Commissioners so to be appointed are hereby veiled win the lame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, and to act as Justices of the Peace for the Purposes of this Act, (being in the Commission of the Peace as before mentioned), as if they had been respectively named Commissioners in or by this Act.

XT. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and For appoint-they are hereby authorized and required, by Writing under their Hands, ,llS(>fticcr8-to elect and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and also an Assessor or AfiVH-ors, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Monies to be raised and paid under or by virtue of this Acr, and also all such Surveyor>, Scavengers, Rakers, Cleanfers, Water Keepers, Lighirrs of Lampc,

Beadles, Constables, Watchmen, anil such other Officer or Officers, Deputies or Aflillancs, for the Execution of the Icvcial Purposes of this Act, as they shall from Time to Time think proper, and from Time to Time to remove, suspend, or displace all or any of such Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in the Room or Place of such of them as shall be so removed, suspended, or displaced, or shall die or resign their Offices; and also from Time to Time, by and out of the Monies to be raised or received by virtue of this Acr, to pay such Wages or Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable or proper-, and the said Commissioners shall ^mm^k°en" and are hereby required to take such Security from every such Treasurer, security from Clerk, Collector, or other Officer so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Officers for due Execution of their respective Offices or Duties, as the said Commil- ^ionoftheir sioners shall think proper; and every Person who is hereby made liablcto office,; pay the several Rates or Assessments hereby directed and required to be levied and raised, and to pay any Sum of Money which under this Act is to be applied for the Purposes thereof, shall and they are hereby required to pay the same to such Collector or other Persons as shall be so appointed to collect and receive the lame in pursuance of this Act, who shall net at any Time retain in his or their Hands more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, upon Pain of forfeitingto the said Commissioners the Sum of Ten Shillings per Day for every One hundred Pounds collected and retained beyond the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and so after the fame Rate for every Ids Sum than the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every such whoaieto Officer and Person I'o to be appointed as aforesaid, shall upon Demand, at deliver proper such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners ccount8» c* shall direct, deliver to Inch Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true arid perfect Accounts in Writing, signed by him of all Monies, Matters, and Things received and committed to his Charge by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much of such Monies hath been paid and disbursed, and for whac Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and also the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Costody or Power relating to the Proceedings to be held under this Act, and shall pay all such Monies as shall appear, upon Balance of his Accounts, to be due to the Treasurer to be appointed as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons, at such Time and Place, as the said

Commi (Tinners may bring

aii)it Officer* making; Default, &c.

Officers not

cesj to luH'cr Distress and Sale.

Officers refuting to deliver up Papers may be

46° GEORG 11 IK. Cap. 117.

fid Ccrr.missioners shall appoint; and every such Officer and Pe.son so accounting as aforesaid, frail upon Oath or Affirmation if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, verify such Accounts , and in default of any of the several Matters aforesaid, for the Space of Eight Days after being the reunto required as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to bring or cause to be brought an Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, against the Officer or Officers, Person r Persons, making such Default as aforesaid, for the Recovtry of the Monies whkh shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, with full CoJbs of Suit *, cris the Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons to be by the said Commissioners appointed to make Complaint of any such Default as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Party making Default shall be or reGde, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Officer or Offi.trs, Person or Persons, so making or having made Default, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing (or not appearing, except for some rea-fonabie Excuse) to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, or unaccounted for, then such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by D'stress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, together with the Casts and Charges of making the said Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges as aforesaid j or in case cf Refusal to account as aforesaid, or that it shall appear to such Justice, by the Confession of the Party so offending or making Default as aforesaid, or by the Testimony of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, or the Proceedings to be had under the feme, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Offi-er or Person, and he shall refuse to deliver up the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender 10 the Bridewell or House of Correction in the said Town of Chelten-bam9 or to any other Bridewell, Prison, or House of Correction in or for the said County of Gloucester> at the Discretion of such Justice, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Corapo-fuion in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Competition the said Comm fficners are hereby empowered to make), or untii such Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid. or given Satisfaction in respect thereof: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed as aforesaid, shall remain or be kept in Prison for any longer Space of Tune than Six Calendar Months.

4-6° G BORG. 11 HI. Cap. U7, 2371

XII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, T, H^c as often as any Commission-Collector or Receiver of the Monks to be r.Hed by virtue of this Act, p.iVia^Re-shall die, or become incapable of a ding in the Execution* of this Act, or,j occ.i. shall neglect to perform his Duty therein, ic shall be lawful for the said <a,^Vbe-tH Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, although nor assembled at or

a Meeting to be held purfu.int to this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to be Coil-cor or Receiver thereof, until a Collector or Receiver shall be appointed by the said Commissioners at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be em- p«?nal:y on ployed as Treasurer, Clerk, Assessor, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, or

any other Officer or Servant who shall be in anywise employed by the End or R<-*ard Commissioners in putting this Act or any of the Powers thereof in F.xecu- ^‘tc* me tion, shall exact, take, or accept, by any Ways or Means, any Per, Pro- u/' or Reward whatfdeVer (other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners) for qr on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to putting the fume in Execution, or shall in any way bedirecily or indircdliy concerned or interested in any Sale, Purchase* Bargain, or Contract ipade or to be mack by or by Order of the said Commissioners, for the Pur pole cf putting this Act in Execution, (unless with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners) every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving qr being employed for any of the Purposes of this Act, and_ shall likewise forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame, by Action of Debt, B II, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wedminfttr^ within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, with full Cuff* of Suit, in which Suitor Prosecution no Essoign, Protection, or Wager qi Law,’ nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause proper Books to be provided and kept, in which they shall, either ceiling.' by them (elves or their Clerk for the Time being, cause fair and regular Entries and Accounts to be made of the several Meetings held in pursuance of this Aand the Cannes of the Commissioners present thereat respectively, and of the Nomination of all Officers and Persons to act in the Execution thereof, and of all Acts, Orders, Rule®, Resolutions, Proceedings, Matters, and T-hlrgs relative to the Execution of this Act; and also an Account of all Monies to be assessed and raised, or to be received rind payable by virtue hereof, and of the Payment and Application of the fame, and of all Coniradls to be made by any Person or Persons by virtue or art pursuance of this Act j all which said Accounts shall be examined, adjusted, and settled by the Commissioners prcl'ent at any Meeting to held in pursuanCe of this Act, quarterly at had, oroftner; and the Commissiorttrs to cxaminingj acijufting, and settling such Accounts, shall fub-Icribe their Names at the Foot of such Accounts, and such CornmifEopers present as aforesaid shall also fuoferibe their Names 2t the End of their Proceedings at every such Meeting; and all Entries in the Books of such Proebrtiings, beitig. fig#?d by the Commissioners a (fern bled thereat, and making and ordering the fame, by virtue or in pursuance oftfiis*Adl, shall [.Lqc. fc? /Yr.J T be

2J74 ^ GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

be deemed Original*, and the fame, nr true and attetted Copies thereof, shall be admitted to be Evidence in any Court whatsoever, and such Books shall be kept by Vhe Clerk for the Time being to the said Comm flioners, or by such other Person or Persons, and at such Place as the said Commil-fi Oners shall direct, and the same shall respectively, at all convenient and seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward, be open and liable to the In* speftion of the said Commissioners, and of all Persons rated and assessed fortlfcc Purposes of this Act, or otherwise affected thereby.

provision for XV. further enacted, That the said Commissioners tray sue

win 1 ing and and be sued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and that all SSoft the Actions or Suits that may be necdCry or expedient to be brought by the Name of the said Commissioners for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due CJcrk. or payable by virtue of this Act to the said Commissioners, or for or in respect of any other Matter or Thing relating to this Act, may be brought in the Name of the said Clerk; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virrue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Act or Default of such Clerk done or suffered, without the Consentor Direction of the said Commissioners, but the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Action or Suit any one of the said Commissioners shall and may be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be.

clerk to be

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such reimbursed, Clerk in whole Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted,

Vc* or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid,

out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as such Clerk shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and shall net be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the fame or any Part thereof, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Detaulr, or have been brought or commenced, er be defended, without the Order or Direction of the said Commil* sioners.

mveirent*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the present and future Pave-rtc.vrfted i» ments, Flagstones, and Kirbflones in the several Streets, Squares, Cref* cents* Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the said Town and the Suburbs thereof, and all Carriage or Footways, or Passages, which shall hereafter be made under or by virtue of this Act, and the Stones, Gravel, and other Materials belonging thereto respectively; and also all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Potts, Watch Boxes, Watch Houses, and other Houses and Buildings erected or fixed up, or to be erected or fixed up, by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, and all Materials and other Things purchased or provided by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, shall belong to and be the Property of, and the same are hereby vetted in the said Comm*flion-13 ers.

23 75

46° GEORGfll HI. Cap. 117.

ers, and the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be brought' any Action or Actions, or direct 1 he preferring of any Bill <v B l!s o: Indictment (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, clrtain, spoil, injure, or ciestroy the several Articles and Things hereby vested in them the said Commtfltoners as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all Inch Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be sufficient to Bate generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Attion or Actions shall be brought* or Bill or Bills of indi&menc preferred, is or are the Property of ‘ The Commissioners for the Improvement of the Town of Cheltenham,* without particularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of such Commissioners and the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Author tv, from Time 10 Time, to sell and dispose of, (for the Purposes of this or the said recited Act), all or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, to such Person or Per furs, and in such Manner, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper \ and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously breakup, injure, destroy, or otherwise damage any of the Articles or Things hereby vested in them the said Commissioner®, or any of the Works done or to be done in pursuance of this Act or of the said recired Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in ThiaAetnoe this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any of to ‘"elude the Roads, Ways, or Passages which have been usually paved, amen- described,°ex-ded, and repaired by the Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act, ceptiieceiTarj. made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Roads from a Place called Piffs Elm, in the Tewksbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham to Elfton Church 1 and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester Gloucester; and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road, at a Place called Pewfden Ash; and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester ta London, at or near Kilkenny; and from the Direction Poji

Be mb ridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painswick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester, except only so far as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, or such Part or Parts of the said Roads as the said Commissioners shall contract with the Trustees of such Roads for the paving, maintaining, or repairing; which Contract or Contracts it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make and enter into.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- Power'for missioners, and they are hereby authorized and xequired, from Time to c°!Jom, Jj>n' Time, to cause the present and future Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, s°trat»# and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town of Cheltenham and the Suburbs thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof, as well the Carriage as Footways, to be paved, flagged, repaired, and amended, and the Pavements and Flagging thereof to be t-iken up and relaid, and the Ground thereof to be raised, lowered, or altered, from Time to Time, in such Manner and with such Materials as they the said Commissioners shall think fit: and to cause to be cut or made, in, through, over, or under

*37/>. 46- GEORG.II III. Cap. ft;.

any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares* Crescents, publick Paffagts, and Places any n<Kv Ttfrftnels, Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, or Waters eourks lor convening the Water from the same respectively, and also to cause any of the present Gutters, Sinks Drains, Sewers, and Water-courses to be (topped of, opened, or widened, and the Form thereof to be altered, turned, varied, or changed, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think lit; and it shall be lawful for the said Com-rriiflionas to take up, and remove, or cause to be taken up and removed, all or any Polls, Kails, Pales, or Trees in such Streets, Squares, Crel-cents, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or any of them, as they the said Com. mifliomrs shall judge useless, or to be 3 Nuisance or Obstruction to Foot Passengers, Hories, or Carriages, and to erect and set up any other Puds, Rails, or Pales, in any Place Ox Places as they shall think proper, for the better Secutiry of P^hengers or Carriages, or of the Lid Pavements or Kirbstones from Damage by Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages.

r*or jetting

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur-

Material* to veyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners, and for all such Persons as he

Sheets*1 etc. or lhey respectively shall appoint, to Icaich for, cut, dig, get, gather, and cake away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the Highways, Streets, Roads, Paths, or Passages within the said Town and the Suburbs thereof* authored to be made, paved, amended, and repaired by the said Comtnjflioners by virtue of this or the said recited Act, out of or from any Common or Wade Ground, River, Of Brook in the Parish of Cheltenham, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks wherefrom such Materials shall be taken* or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quar-fefy do that thefanie may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid may, by Order of the said Commissioners (such Order to be made at feme Meeting of the said Gortim flionets to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof tb.be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners) search for, cut*-4igi get, gather, and takeaway any such Materials as aforesaid, in, out of, or from any of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons within any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division* District, or Place as aforesaid, where the fame may be had or found- (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds hot being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground, planted and let apart as a Nursery for Trees') making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages thereby done to the Lands or Grounds where and from whence the lame shall be - . i *!-cut, dug, got, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or

-u.-.i any other Materials for making and repairing the said Highways, Street*, Roads, Paths, or Passages shall be carried, as the said Cobimiloners shall judge teafcmablr, bur without paying as»y Thing for fugh-.Materials; and in case of any Dist'erencfe between the said Commissioners, Surveyor 4>r Surveyors* or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners* and Occupier^ or any of them, concerning, such Damages, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace.of the ‘1: ' .; 4. County

46 GEORGII III. Caf.irj. 2377

County of Gloucsfftr, on Days Notice thereof in Writing given by

either Party to the other, or left at his, her, cr their respective Place or Places of Abode, to hear, settle, an I determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the la d Jufhices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it Hull not be lawful for any Surveyor, or ocher Person o'~ Per Tons acting under o a-"piers of the Authority of this Act, ro dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any mdo(Vd Materials for repairing such Highways, Streets, Roads, Paths, or Pal- Materir.is^rl fiiges, out of or from any inclosed Lands cr Grounds, until Notice in to be taken. Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been giver, to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupierac his usual Place of Residence to appear bcfoie the said Commissioners, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Gloucester, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Gtounc's; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Norice, but shall not (how sufficienc Cause to the contrary, then and in such Cale the said Commissioners or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Commissioners or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent pursuant to such Notice, the said Commissioners or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fir, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpcles, as if such Occupier or his Agcnc had attended.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom- Perarty nn soeverlhall remove or take away any Srones or Gravel, or any Materials JJatenairgoc laid upon such Highways, Streets, Roads, Paths, or Passages, or upon byOrierof ftny Part thereof for the Repair thereof, without the Order of the said Uie Sl,rvcy°f* CommifTior.ers, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose; or

if any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall t.ke away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials which have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said"Justices or Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, or Waft; Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending such Highways, Streets Roads, Paths, cr Passages, or ar.y Parc or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry which Alall have been made, for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Highways,

Streets, Roads, Paths, or Passages, or ‘any Parr or Parcs thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, ox his or their Workmen fli^’.l have dif-cominued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground wherein such Pit or Quarry shall have been made, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Matrrids therein for his or their own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Time any Street, WhfrfMa-Crci'cenr, Square, Lane, Passage, cr Place shall be new paving, flagging, pav*ngm»y

[Loc. & Per.*] 26 U or i;e lodged.

2378 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

or repairing, or any of the Grates, Drains, or other Sewers therein shall be altering or repairing, the said Commissioners shall have Power to order the Materials necessary for such Purposes to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street, Square, Crcfcent, Lane, Passage, or Place, according to their Discretion, as also to flop the Way through that or any adjacent Highway, Street, Square, Crescent, Lane, Passage, or Place, so long as they shall judge necessary; and the said Commissioners, and all Persons acting by or under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Action whatsoever respecting the same.

Paviours and

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Carters to be Commissioners, from Time to Time, to appoint such and so many anS°iiurfesto Paviours, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and be purchased. a]f0 to purchase or hire such Horses, Carts, Tools, and Implements, as they shall judge necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

Penalty on

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall at fn^the*Form* any make>cr cause or foffer to be made, any Alteration in the Form of the Pave, of the Pavement or Pitching of the Foot or Carriage Way, before, be-ment, &c. hind, or at the Side of his or her House or Houses, Building or Buildings,

Content of the Ground or Land, without the Consentin Writing of the said Commission-commiaion- ers under their Hands first had andobrained* and char where such Alteration shall be made with such Consent as aforesaid, such Alteration shall be made, and from Time to Time repaired or altered, at the Expence of the Person or Persons to whom such Consent shall be given, or the Owner of such Premises for the Time being, and shall be made of such Materials, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and direct; and in case any such Person or Persons shall cause such Alteration to be made without such Consent as aforesaid, or after such Consent had shall cause the same to be made contrary to the Direction of the said Commissioners, or in case the Owner or Owners thereof shall net repair, amend, alter, or place the fame, or cause the same to be repaired, amended, altered, or placed, in such Manner and within such Time as shall be expressed in a Notice to be given to him or her by the Order of the said Commissioners, then and in such Case the said Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized to cause such Alteration to be removed, altered, repaired, or placed (as the Case may be) as they shall direct or think proper; and the Charges and Expences attending the fame, in case of Non-payment thereof, shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manna* as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovtjed.

Pswer to

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any new Streets, Squares,

Strce- "arui Crescents, Lanes, Ways, or Passages shall be laid out 2nd made in the

ptibiick High- said Town of Cheltaibam, or the Suburbs thereof, and shall be well and *3>s- effectually flagged and paved, or put in good Order and Repair to the

Satisfaction of the Lid Commissioners, then on Application of the Owner or Owners of the Soil, or of the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Houses of such Streets, or a Majority of them, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hand', to declare the same to be publick Highways and

Pdflages j

2379

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

Passages; and from and after such Declaration made, such new Streets, Squares, Crefccnts, Lanes, Ways, and Passages as aforesaid, and every of them, shall be deemed and taken to be publick Highways and Passages to all Jnrents and Purposes, and be repaired and kept in Repair by the said Commissioners as the other Parts of the Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, Ways and publick Passagec, within the said Town or the Suburbs thereof* are by this Act directed to be managed and governed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, from Time to Time, as they shall think necessary or proper, to appoint such Number of able-bodied Men as they shall judge proper to be employed as Watchmen within the said Town and the Suburbs thereof, during the Night Time, under such Regulations and subject to such Orders as the said Commissioners shall make and give from Time to Time in that Behalf, and to provide proper Watch Houses, Watch Boxes, or Places for the Reception of such Watchmen, and for the safe Custody of such Persons as may be apprehended by such Watchmen while cn Duty, and to pay such Watchmen reasonable Wages or Allowances , and all'o to appoint one or more fit Person or Persons in the Stead of any Watchman or Watchmen who shall die, or who shall be discharged from his or their Office for Neglect of Duty or other Misbehaviour in Office, and also to impose, from Time to Time, any Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings on any Watchman or Watchmen for every such Neglect or other Misbehaviour, and from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations as they the said Commissioners shall judge expedient, for the better Government of the Watchmen to be so appointed, and to repeal such Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and tofubstitute others; and it shall be lawful for such Watchmen, and they are hereby required in their respective Stations, to apprehend and secure in some proper Place or Places of Security, to be for that Purpose appointed within the said Town or the Suburbs thereof, all Malefaftois, Rogues, Vagabonds, disorderiy Persons, and Disturbers of the publick Peace, and all suspected Persons who shall be found wandering or mifbeluving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to conduct all such Persons, as soon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of any Publick House Pnall knowingly harbour or entertain, or suffer to /cmain in his or her Publick House or Premises thereto belonging, any such Watchman as aforesaid, during any Parc of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper shall on Conviction forfeit and pay for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for the Second and every other Offence of the fume Kind, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to give such Rewards in Money to the Watchmen respectively to be appointed z\ aforesaid, who may be disabled or wounded in the Execution of their Office* 2s they the said Commissioners shall think

reafWabfr,

Power for Commissicfffr ers 10 appoint Watchmen.

Watchmen'!

Duty.

Penalty e*

Victualler*

harbouring

Watchmen

while on

Duty.

Poorer so r#-ward Watch, men diiabiedk

2380

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 11J.

seasonable, such Money ro be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

Authorizing

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fer the Paid the Commit Commissioners to make, constitute, ordain, and provide, from Time to mak^Bye Time, such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, as ihey the said Corn-Law:. for re- missioners shall think fit, for licensing and authornzing sufficiem Number Hackney of Hackney Coaches, Sedan Chairs, Porters, B-»ikct Men and Basket

Coache?, Women, to ply for Hire, and for regulating and ordering such Hackney

ters^fi/cP°r' Coaches anci Sedan Chairs, Porters, Basket Men and Basket Women, and * in what Manner the Owners, Drivers, and Carriers thereof respectively shall conduct and demean themselves in their several Employments, and also in what Manner and Order, and how such Hackney Coaches and Sedan Chairs shall be furnished, provided, kepr, and numbered, and what Number of Persons may be carried and conveyed in each of such Coaches, and what Number of Horsesare to draw the fame, and concerning the Letters, Parcels, Goods, Things, and Messages to be carried Iry such Porters, Basket Men and Basket Women, or any of them, and the respective Numbers which each of them shall have and keep, and for ascertaining, fixing, alterirg, and removing the Stands of such Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Basket Men and Basket Women, or any of them, from Time to Time, and for punishing the Misconduct and Misbehaviour of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, Basket Men and B sket Women, plying for Hire within the said Town of Cheltenham, and the Distances hereby provided, within which they are respectively to go and come, and for ascertaining and defining what Rates, Pares, and Prices, as^vell for Time as Distance, shall be allowed to be taken by such Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, Basket Men and Basket Women, plying for Hire, and to what Dillance such Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, Basket Men and Basket Women, shall be obliged to drive, go, and come in, over, and round, and about every Part of the said Town of Cheltenham and the Neighbourhood, Circuit, and District thereof, not exceeding for such Coachmen Ten Miles to be measured from the Market House of the said Town of Cheltenham, and not exceeding for such Chairman Two Miles, to be measured from the same Place, and the Rates and Fares to be taken for the lame; and also it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to make frch other Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, as to them fhdl seem ne-cefTay and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this and the said recited Act into Execution (such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, or any Alteration thereof, not to be repugnant to any Law or Statute of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or any Thing in this Act contained); and the said Commissioners may from Time to Time, as they shall think fir, repeal, alter, or amend or new make such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, or any of them, and shall ascertain and Let down what pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred by Persons breaking or avoiding the fame, or any of them, provided no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings for one Offence; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, and any Alteration thereof, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXI. Provklei

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117. 2381

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Thn^noBye Bye Law, Rule, or Order, shall be made unless the lame shall have been 7a!ui aitii* proposed and formed at a publick Meeting of the said Commissioners, held One Month at some Time not less than One Calendar Month before the making of Notice Ug<vej» such Bye Law, Rule, or Order, and shall have been publickly made thereof, known, and Notice thereof once given in one of the Newspapers published

or circulated within the said County of Glouctjler, Three Weeks before the holding the Meeting at which such Bye Law, Rule, or Order, shall be finally made and agreed on.

XXXII. And be it farther enabled, That if the Driver of any Coach, Punishing or the Carrier or Cairitrs of any Sedan Chair, or any Porter, Balket Man

or Balket Woman, shall be found Handing or plying for Hire, or using befngduiy1 such Coach or Sedan Chair, or carrying any Matter or Thing for Hire, licensed. directed to be carried by a licensed Porter, Balket Man or Balket Woman,’ in any Part of the Town of Cheltenham aforesaid, or the Suburbs thereof, without such Licence as aforesaid, or having such Licence shall be found plying for Hire contrary to artd against the Rules or Regulations which shall be made by the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating the Persons aforesaid to drive such’ Coach j and the Owner or Owners, Car* rier or Carriers, of such Sedan Chair, and every such Porter, Balket Man and Basket Woman, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to be granted charging to any of the Persons aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, under this ctrtjiii Act, shall be signed by Five of the said Commissioners at the lead, pre- "enVes to be sent at some Meeting to he held under this Act, end every Licence not granted.

so signed shall be void; and every Licence so grahted 2nd signed for the Purposes aforesaid, shall express the Number to which such Person is licensed, and every such Licence shall continue and be in force fer one whole Year from the Day of the Date of such Licence, and no one Licence shall include both Coach and Chair, nor more than one Coach or Chair, Porter,

Balket Man or Balket Woman *, and every such Licence shall be made cut by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, and be duly entered in a Book to be provided and kept for that Purpose in his Office, with the Name of the Person to whom licensed, and his or her Number and Place of Residence, and in such Book shall be contained Columns or Places of Entries to be made of every Offence committed by any Driver or Chairman, or any Porter, Balket Man or Balket Woman, for each of which Licences, and doing the Business aforesaid, there shall be paid to the said Clerk for the Time being, for his Trouble and Charge the following Sums j videlicet,

For each Licence for a Hackney Coach, the Person to whom such Licence shall be granted, shall pay on granting the fame, the Sum of Ten Shillings anu Sixpence:

For each Licence lor a Hackney Chair, the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted, shall pay on granting the fame, the Sum of Five Shillings:

And for each Licence to be a Porter, Balket Man or Bafktt Woman, the Person to whom such Licence shall be granted, shall pay on having the fame granted, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

ILoc.&Per.-] 26*

And

23 s a

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

And every Owner or Driver of any Coach, or the Carrier of any Chair, shall affix and keep such Figure or Number as shall be rel'pedively appointed by such Commissioners as aforesaid, on some conspicuous Part of such Coach and Chair; and every such Porter shall affix and keep on his outward Garment, such Ticket or Number as ire ffial) be respectively licensed to by such Commissioners and every Basket Man and Balkct Woman, ffial! affix and keep on his or her Balket the Number to which he or ffie shall be lic^nfed as aforesaid; and every Owner or Driver of any Coach, or the Carrier of any Chair, and every Porter, Basket Man and Basket Woman, changing his or her Place of Residence, after the granting the Licence to them respectively for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, within the Space of Seven D;*ys next after, and as often as any such Change ffiail be made, during the Continuance of such Licence, deliver in Writ* ing his or her Name, and 50 what Street or Place he or ffie io removed, to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, to the End that the lame may be duly entered in such Book to be kept by the said Clerk for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Person more eafiiy discovered, »f any Complaint should be made against him, her, or them; and every Owner or Driver of such jGoach, or Carrier or Carriers of such Chair, and every Porter, Basket Man and Basket Woman, shall for every Refusal or JNfeglqft to do the Matters and Things herein-before directed to be done by him, her, or them, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons ffiail refuse or neglrft to pay on Demand any licensedHackney Coachman or Chairman, Porter, Basket Man or Basket Woman, the Money just ly due to him, her, of them, for the Fare, Hire, or Service done under or in pursuance of any Licence or Bye Law made in pursuance of this Act, it ffiail Coach,yChair, be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of and for or Balket. the said County of Gloucester, upon any Complaint thereof made to him or them, to grant his or their Summons against the Person or Persons complained of, to appear before him or them at some Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, to anl'wer the Matter of the said Complaint j and on Proof on Oath of the Service thereof, such Justke or Justices shall proceed to hear the Matter of the Paid Complaint on Oath, whether tho Person summoned ffiail appear or not, and to make such Order therein as to such Justice or Justices ffiail appear to be just; and if the Person or Persons against whom such O'der ffiail be made, do not immediately pay down or cause to be paid down the Money, if any ffiail be ordered, as a Satisfaction to the Person or Persons for the Service done, it ffiail be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required and directed to grant his or their Warrant of Distress against the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refcfing cr declining to pay, to be taken in *riy Place wherever found, within or without the said Town of Cheltenham, and the same to sell and dispose of, and out of the Monies arising by or from such Sale, to pay the Monies awarded, to the Person or Persons to whom awarded, together with such Celts as such Justice or Justices ffiail think reasonable, returning the Overplus, If any, upon Demand to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained 5 and if ho sufficient Distress can be found, then to commit the Person or Persons, against whom such Order shall be made, to the Bridewell or Houffi-bf

Coriqftion

Hackney Coachmen, etc. or injur-

2383

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

CloTc&on in the Town of Cheltenham aforesaid, or to any other Bridewell, Br* fen, or House of Corrrttton in or for the said County of Gloucester, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, unless the Money is looner paid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences, Misbehaviours, Prescribing Punishments, Penalties, and Forfeitures that may arise, happen, or be ot-

incurred, committed, or done by any Owner or Driver of any Hackney fenders. Coach, or any Carrier or Carriers of any Sedan Chair, or any Porter,

Basket Man or Baflat Woman, whether licensed or not, against any of the Provisions of this Act for licensing or regulating all or any of the Persons, Matters, or Things aforesaid, or against any Bye Law to be made by the Lid Commissioners for the Purposes of licensing and regulating the several Persons aforesaid, shall be tried, heard, and determined by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, who on Complaint made thereof to him or them, is and are hereby authorized and required to grant or issue his or their Summons in Writing against the Person or Persons so complained of, (specifying therein the Complaint so made) to appear personally before him or them, on fbme Day or Time to be mentioned in such Summons, to answer the said Complaint; and if such Person or Persons, being served with such Sum-mom, (or such Summons being left at his or her House or last Plate of Abode) shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, and no reasonable Excuse appearing to the Satisfaction of the said

Justice or Justices why he, she, or they did not appear, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices, and on Oath being made of the due Service 01 such Summons in the Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices. to grant his or their Warrant for apprehending such Person or Persons, and to bring* him, her, or them before such Tdfntf'gr Justices to answer the fail Con.plaint; and upon the said Complaint, and the said Person or Persons so complained of appearing before fficll Justice or Justices, or in case the Odd Person or Persons so complained of cannot be found or apprehended cr shall not appear, then and in either of the said Cafes it fh..n be lawful for such Justice or Justices to proceed in, hear, and determine the Matter of the said Complaint on Oath, (and the Testimony of the said Complainant on Oath is hereby made competent, where no Part of the Penalty is to po or be applied to and for his or het Use) and to make such Order therein as to him or them shall appear just, touching such Complaint, and for paying the Costs attending the Application, Hearing, and Determination ct the fame, and such Person or Persons so complained of is and are hereby required to obey such Order; and in case of any Disobedience of such Order, or in case any such Person or Persons shall be convicted before such Justice or Justices of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act, or any Bye Law ro be made as aforesaid, and shall not immediately pay such Money or Penalty of which he, she, or they shall be convicted before such Justice or Justices on Demand, to be applied to the Uses after-mentioned, that then and in case of Non-payment thereof, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices before whom any such Complaint hath been heard and determined, to grant his or their Warrant of DilPefs against the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, and to seize and distrgin the fame in whatsoever Place the fame may be found, whether within the said Town of Cheltenham^ or in any other Place

3384- 4&s GEORGII III. Cap. iv7.

Place without the said Town of Cheltenham, and the same to fell and dif-pole of for raising such Monies* and all Colls attending the fame, and the fame Money to pay and apply to and for the Uses and Purposes hereinafter directed *, and aPer Payment and full Satisfaction thereof, together with the Cods attending the fame, to return the Overplus Money or Goods (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold for the Purj-oses aforesaid; and in case such Person or Persons against whom any such Order dial I be made for the Payment of such Monies, shall noc have any Goods or Chattels co didrain on to pay the fame, or none shall be found sufficient to ar.fvver and pay the fame, or in case of any Dilobtdience of such Order, ic shall in either Cafe be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons, so convicted as aforesaid, to any such Prison, Bridewell, or House of Correction as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize (unkfs the Money mentioned in such Order, if it be an Order for Payment of Money, shall be sooner paid) or to suspend such Person or Persons from using or exercising his, her, or their Licence or Licences, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, for all or any Part of the Remainder of the Time for which such Licence or Licences was or were granted, or to take away wholly such Licence or Licences, at the Option of such Justice or Justices.

o^ih^Pena!-

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all Fines and Forfeitures to be recovered of any Driver or Owner of any Hackney Coach, or any Chairman, Porter, Bafkct Man or Basket Woman, shall be applied to the general Purposes of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, to be from Time to Time made by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, for the licensing and regulating the Owners and Drivers of every Coach for Hire, and of the Chairmen carrying arty Chairs for Hire, or of Porters, Bafkct Men and Basket Women, to be employed and licensed as aforesaid, shall be fairly written or printed, and shall be signed by the said Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, and Copies thereof shall be hung up or placed in some conspicuous open Place in the respective Pump Rooms at the different Spas, and also affixed on the Marker Place, and on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Cheltenham aforesaid.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, or any Bye Law, Rule, cr Order, to be made by the Commissioners for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall net extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit or hinder any Person or Pei ions from having or using his, her, or their own Coach or Chair within I he Districts aforesaid, so as the fame be not used for Hire or plying for Hire.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

herein contained shall prevent, or be construed to prevent, any Person from employing his or her own Servant, or the Servant or Servants of any other Person or Persons, or any Labourer or Person who does not follow ‘ . 6 the

Copies of the Laws to be affixed on the Church Door, Pump Roomi, and Market Place.

Pei font not to be pre-

empl eying

46° GEORGII III. Cap. n], 2385

the Business of a Carrier, Chairman, Porter, or Labourer, in or about the Matter*? or Things herein-before directed to be carried or done by any such licensed Porter or Labourer j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners at any Names of the of their Meetings shall and may and they are hereby required to order andcause to be placed, on some conspicuous Part of feme House or Hoofe* aum. Building at or rear each End, Corner, or Entrance of the several Street', bcrtd‘ Crclcents, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages already erected or made, or hereafter to be erected or made, within the said Town of Cheltenham or the Suburbs theteof, the Name by which every Street, Passage, or Place is usually or shall be called or known; and also shall and may cause every House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall think moll proper for distio-guishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or ma-Uciously destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Name,

Inscription, or Number, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when any such Number or Pena Numbers, painted or put on any House, Tenement, or other Prem’fes, within the said Town or the Suburbs thereof, shall be defaced or rubbed facec out, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such House, Tenement, or other Premises, whtre the Number or Numbers shall be so defaced or rubbed out, shall upon Personal Notice given to him, her, cr them, or upon Notice in Writing left at such House, Tenement, or other Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, cause the fame Number or Numbers, to be in the fame or like Manner painted or j ut on such House, Tenement, or other Premises, within Seven Days after such Notice; and in case ot Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Oder, every such Owner or Occupier shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall upon any of the present or future Pavements of the Streets, Squares, com Crefcencs, Ways, Lanes, Passages, and publick Places, now made or lhe builr, or which shall hereafter be made or built, within the said T- wn of Cheltenham and the Suburbs thereof, and used as a Footway, or upon any other Footway designrd and appointed as a Footway only, run, draw, drive, or carry thereon any Tru« k, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Bier, Handbarrow, or Carriage whatsoever j or shall roll any Calk (other than for theneceflary loading or unloading thereof) in, upon, from, or out of any Carriage; or shall thereon Wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Cattle or Beast of any Kind; or shall in any of such Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lane*, Passages, or publick Places as aforesaid, expole to Sale any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, Pig, Sheep, Bull, Cow, or othrr Beall in any Parc of the said Town or the Suburbs thereof (except such Parc or Parts thereof as shall from Time to Time be fixed and appointed by the said Commit, lioners); or shall burn, drcls, or clcanfc any Co'k, or shall hoop, fire, cleanse, walh, or leald any Cask, or empty any of the Contents of such [Loc, fcf JPer.J 26 T CafH

2386

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap.Mj.

Caflc therein; or frt or place any Furniture, Goods, Wares, or Mer* chanchze, or any Calk, Tub, Box, Pail, Bucket, or any other Matter or Thing in the Front of or before any House, Shop, or other Building; err shall hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, 01 bore any Timber (except for the Purpose of rebuilding, altering, or repairing any House or Building in the Manner herein mentioned, or for any of the Purposes by this Act required or authorized to be done, in which Cafes the fame shall, if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct, be fenced and indofed in the Manner herein-after mentioned) *, or shall make or repair, or place or leave any Coach, Waggon, Carr, Sledge, or other Carriage, or Part of a Carriage, in any of such Streets, Squares, Crescents, Ways, Lanes, Paflagts, or publick Places (except such Carriages as may want immediate repairing from any sudden Accident on the Spot, or which cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpose); or shall (hoe, bleed (except in CaLs of Accidents) or turn loose any HotIV, Mare, Gelding, Afs, Pig, Sheep, Bull, Cow, or other Bealt therein; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Sledge, Wheels, or other Carriage, or Part of a Carriage, shall in any Part of the Lid Parish, ride on the Shafts ot in or on any Part of such Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, or Part of a Carriage, without Reins, or on any of the Pjorfes or Cat-tin drawing the fame, or if any Person or Persons having the Care thereof or driving the fame (not being a Cart or Caravan, driven by a Person with Reins, and fitting the rein) shall not readily and promptly turn out of the Road on meeting HorlVs and Carriages, so as to leave proper and diffident Quatter for. such Horses and Carriages , or if any Person or Persons shall draw any Timber, Block qi Blocks of Wood, or Stone, or other heavy Materials, in, upon, or through any of the aforesaid Streets, Squares, Credent*, Ways, Lanes, Passages, or publick Places, without any Nib or Carriage, or with such Nib or Carriage, to the Detriment thereof; or shall shew or expose any Stallion or Stonehorfe, or shall expose ro Sale any Horse or other Bead, otherwise than in any publick Market or Fa:r, to be held in such Place within the said Town or the Suburbs thereof, as che said Commissioners shall appoint; or shall make any Bonfire, or let c.fj For fire any Musket, Gun, or Pidol, or any Crackers, Squibs, or other Fireworks; or if any Person shall fist, throw, cad, or lay any Aliu s (excepc in the Time of Frod only, and to prevent Accidents) or any Dud, Muck, Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Refuse of Garden Stuff, Biobd, OiFal, Carrion, or any other offensive Matter or Thing, in any of the present or future Streets, Squares, Credent?, \Vays. Lanes, Railages, or publick Places, within the said Town or the Suburbs thereof; or shall hang up, place, or expose to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing, on or projecting over, the Foot or Carriage Way of such Streets, Squares, Crefc^nts, Wa>s, Lancs, Passages, and publick Place?, so as to obstruct or incommode the Puflage of any Person or Carriage therein; or if any Person or Persons shall kill or daughter, or shall singe, feald, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in part, in any of such Streets, Squares, Crescents, Ways, Lanes, Passages, or publick Places aforesaid, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter House, Butchers Shop, or Shambles, into the fame or any of them; or shall fix up any Flower or Bowpot or Pots at any Window or Windows, without diffidently guarding the fame, so as to prevent their being blown or thrown down; or if any Person or Persons shall commit any. other Kind

2387

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

of Obstruction or Annoyance in any Pm of any , loch Squares, Streets,

Ways Lsnes, Pillages, or publick Places as aforesaid, th famr shall be considered is sn Offence or Offences against this Act, and every Person lb offendvng in any of such Cases, shall far every Iiku Offence ioif.it and pr.y any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling1:.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Mare, Griding, Beads wan Afs, Bull, Sheep, Cow, or other Bead, shall at any Time be found wan- 'JJJy*

derng about any of the Streets, Squares, Crescent:, Ways, Lanes, pub- he impound lick Paffaces or Piace9, now made or hereafter to be made or built within ed. the said Town of Cheltenham or Suburbs thereof, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Comm (Timers, or for any of the Inhabitants or Persons residing in the fame Town, to fesze and impound such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, Bull, Sheep, Cow, or other Beast in the common Pound of the said Town, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoinr, and the fame there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for each Bead or other Animal so impounded, pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, towards the Purposes of this Act, and also the Sum of Two Shillings to the Person impounding the fame, besides the reasonable Charges and Expences of im-poui ding and keeping; and in case the said Sum?, Charges, and Expences shall not be paid within Three Days after such impounding, it shall be lawful for the Pound Keeper, or such other Person as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to fell, or cause any such Beall or other Animal to be sold; but previous to such Sale Seven Days Notice shall he g.ven to or left at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Bead or other Animal so impounded, of such intended Sale, or such intended Sale shall be advertised in thzGleucester llcrr.ld or 'Journal, or in some other New I paper usually circulated in the said County of G ouccJUr; and the Money ar Ting. from le ch Sale, after deducting the Did Sums, and the Charges and Expences aforesaid, and such other Charges and Expences as may attend the keeping and Sale of any such Bead or otrur Animal so impounded, shall be paid to the said Trea-lurer, to be by him paid to the Person or Persons whole Property the Beast or other Atiiinal so fold shall appear to have been.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Slaughter House, F,rR-mov.i! Hogstye, Necessary House, or other noisome or offensive Building or of Nuisances Piaic wharlbever, in or near any of the Streets, Squires, Crefurnts,

Lancs, publick Passages, or Places, within the said Town or the Suburbs thereof, shall by the said Commissioners be deemed a Nuilance to any of the* inhabitants or Persons residing the rein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint thereof to them made by $Dy such Inhabitant or other Person or Persons, by Notice in Writing Vndtr the Hands of the said Commissioners, or under the Hand of their Clerk for the Time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed; and in case the same shall net be removed within Fourteen Days after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame, or left at his, her, or their last usual Place of Abode, such Person or Prrfons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day the same shall continue unremOYed after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice.

2388

Streets to be

watered.

branth into publick S.w-

Private

Drai.^sto be

Per.thouses, Signs, and other Things projecting in-to the Street, or which are inconvenient to be removed.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

XLV. And be it furher enacted, That the said Commissioners Hiall have full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets, Squares, Cref-cents, Lancs, publick P fiages or Places, to be watered, as often as they fr.a'l think fit, 2nd for that Purpose to purchase or hire such Number if Water Car s, and employ such Number of Persons as they may deem necess.try, and also to cauleany Water Pipe or Water Pipe3 to be laid, or any Well or Wells to be dug and sunk, and any Pump or Pumps, or other Works, to be er ded in such Places as they shall think proper, within the said Town or the Suburbs thereof, for the Purpose aforesaid, and to cause the same to be removed or altered, as they shall see Occasion; and all the Expences attending the fame, shall be dtfrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this or the said recited Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, without the Leave or Licence of the said Comm flioners, make or branch any Drain or Drains into any of the said publick Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, made or to be made by virtue of this or the said recited Act, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all private Drains which now are, or by Permission of the said Commissioners shall hereafter be made within any of the Streets, Squares, Crcfcent*, Lancs, and publick Places of the said Town of Cheltenham or its Suburbs, and which do or shall issue into any of the publick Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, shall be repaired and cleansed under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor or ether pre-p?r Officer of the said Commissioners, at the Coffs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands or Tenements to which the said private Drains do or shall respectively belong.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Water at the Tops or Roofs of all Houses and ether Buildings now or hereafter to be made or buiic within the said Town of Cheltenham or its Suburbs, shall (if not conveyed in:o private Citterns cr Reservoirs belonging to such Houses or Buildings) be conveyed by Pipes to be fixed to the Fronts or Sides thereof respectively, into the common Channels or Drains, within Three Calendar Months after a Day to be ex-prrffed in a Notice in Wri ing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk for the Time being, to be for that Purpose giver, to or left at the latt or usual Place of Residence of the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses or Buildings; and that all Penthouses, Bow Windows, Shutters, Signs, Sign Potts, Shew Boards, Spouts, Pales, Rails, Grates, Steps, Scrapers, P>ojedions, or other Matters or Things whatsoever, which in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be inconvenient to or incommode Passengers upon any of the present or future Footways or Car-ri ge Ways of the several Streets, Squares, Crescents, Ways, Lanes, Pallagrs, or publick Places within the said Town or the Suburbs thereof as aforesaid, shall within Fourteen Days after a Day expressed in a like

Notice

3389

4o° GEORGII III. Cap. r 17,

Notice to be for that Purpose given to or left as aforesaid, be taken down, filled tip, removed, or altered, by or at the Expence of the Owner or Owners thereof, under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Commissioners; and in case the respective Owners or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to obey such Notices, and to observe and perform the several Mat ers and Things hereby respectively required to be clone within the Time aforesaid, then every Person so neglecting or refusing to pay, shall foi* every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum rrot exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Week the same shall so remain undone, and then also it dial I and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the lame to be taken down, filled up, removed, altered, and fixed, in the Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall return or cause to be returned to the respective Owners thereof, or to be left on the Spot from whence the same shall be so respectively removed, or as near thereto as conveniently may be for such Owners, so much of such Matters and Things as aforesaid as shall not be affixed hr set dp, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act, and the Charges and Expences atrending the same shall be recovered of the Owners or Occupiers thereof reflectively, in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by this Act are hereby diie&ed to be recovered on Non-payment and if such Owners or Occupiers shall cause such Matters and Things to be placed, erected, built, or made contrary to the Directions or Intention of this or the Paid recited Act, every such Owner, for every Week he shall so offend, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, or otherwise it shall be lawful for the Paid Commissioners to order the same to be taken down, filled up, removed, or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper, without giving any Notice to the Owner or other Person offending therein, and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall or may be recovered of the Person or Persons lb offending, in the same Manner as is last herein-before directed: Provided always, that in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any such Houses or other Buildings shall be required to make such Alterations, Matters, and Things as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for him or them to dedud or retain the Costs, Charges, and Expences of doing thereof, out of his, her, or their Rent; and his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords is and are hereby required to allow the lame accordingly.

XLIX. Provided stlfo, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes Person. !av. where ary such Alterations as aforesaid shall be made to any House or Ertate*than Building wherein any Person or Persons shall have any Estate lor Life or Twenty-one Lives, or any greater Eftare, Term, or InterVft, than for Twenty-one ^jeao’n!ers" Years, such Person or Persons shall be and be deemed the Owner or for the Pur-Owners of such House or Building, for the Purpose of such Alterations being made as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained or any Law or Cuf- Reparation*, tom to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And be it farther enacted, That the Ground whereon any House, The Ground Wall, or other Building shall at any Time heretf:er be taken or taking ukenortak-down, or erecting, altering, repairing, or amending, shall be fenced and ingdownor inclol'eb at the Expence of the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, bc^n«"of«d*0 in such Manner as the Commissioners shall thick, proper or necessary, in [bn. & Ptr.] a6 2 order

339°

Penalty on Perionl neg-leding or

New "BtiiM-ing» to have Parry Walls

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. liy.

order to keep the footways and Carriage Ways before, behind, on the Sides of, or belonging to the fame, as open and free from Impediment as the Nature of the Ca(e will admit of, and effectually to guard and protect all Persons passing by or near the lame, or any Part there< f, from Danger or Accident from any Hole, Vault, Area, Timber, Stones, Materials, of Things made, brought, placed, or used in, about, or relating to such Ground, Place, House, or Building respectively, during such taking oown, building up, altering, repairing, or amending, whereby or in consequence whereof the Carriage Way and Footway before, behind, on the Sides of, or belonging jto such House, Wall, or Building, or either of the said Ways, shall be in any Manner obstructed or rendered dangerous or unfafeto Persons passing by or near such House, Wall, or Building i and the Fences and Inclosures to be made in respect of any House, Wall, or Building which shall or may hereafter be taken down, erected, altered, repaired, or amended, shall be made before such House, Wall, or Building shall be begun to be taken down, erected, altered, repaired, or amended, and all the Fences and Inclosures hereby directed to be made for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be continued (landing and in good Condition, during such Time as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; and no Lime shall be fifted, fereened, or flaked, or Lime or Sand depefited, or Mortar made or deposited in any of the said Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, and publick Passages, unless the same shall be inclosed in some Fence or Inclosure as aforesaid } and if the Owner or Occupier of any such Ground, Place, House, Wall, or Building as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to erect and set up any such Fences or Inclosures as aforesaid, or shall nor continue the fame (landing and in good Condition as aforesaid, or shall fist, fereen, or (lake any Lime, cr deposit any Sand, or make or deposit any Morcar, otherwise than as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cafes every such Owner or Occupier shall for every Day such Offence shall be continued, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and moreover in case of such Refusal or Neglect, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Ground, Place, House, WaU-er Building to be well and sufficiently fenced in and inclosed as aforesaid, or the Fence or Inclosure then erected and set up to be well and sufficiently repaired, as the Case shall require, and such Fence or Inclosure to be so continued (landing as aforesaid } and the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid shall, over and above the said Penalty, pay all the Charges and Expences of making such Fences and Inclosures, or repairing the fame, upon Dtmand made by the said Commissioners, or by their Clerk, and upon llcfuial the same shall or may be recovered in such Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act inflicted, is herein directed and authorized to be recovered.

LI. And for the better preventing Damage by IFire within the said Town and the Suburbs thereof, be it further enacted, that if any Person shall erect or build, or cause to be crested or built, any House or other Building adjoining to any other House or House?, Building or Buildings, within the said Town or the Suburbs thereof, unless the End or Side of such new House or other Building, which shall adjoin any such other House or Building shall consist of a Party or Division Wall of Brick or Stone, of the Thickness of Twelve Inches at the lead or if any Person shall cover, or cause to be covered, any House or other Building within

any

46° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 11 j.

any of tile said Streets, Squares, Crescents, Ways; Lane", or other Places in the Whole or in Part, with Thatch or Straw; then and in every such 'Cafe, the Owner of every such House or other Building erected without such Party or Division Wall or Walls, or having such a Covering ol Thatch or Straw as aforesaid, shall forfeit and p2y any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Month such House or other Building shall continue without such Party or Division Wall or Wails, or with such Covering of Thatch or Straw as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacteti, That if at any Time hereafter any L Stones, Timber, Mortar, Rubbish, Materials, or other Things, shall be fiv laid or placed in, or any Hole or Opening shall be made in any of the Streets, Crescents, Squares, Lanes, or publick Passages or Places already made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built, within the said Town of Cheltenham or its Suburbs, for any Purpose whatsoever, not prohibited by or contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner of such Stones, Materials, or other Things, or Person or Persons causing such Hole or Opening as aforesaid to be made, shall at his* her, or their Expence, cause a Light to be fixed in or near the fame respectively, for securing Passengers and Cattle from Accident, every Night fron Sun-fer-ting to Sun-rising, during the Time such Stone or other Materials, Hole or Opening, shall remain; and also, if the said Commissioners shall think proper and direct, shall at his, her, or their own Expence, cause such Stones, Materials, or other Things, Holes, or Openings, or either of them, as the Case may be, to be fenced and inclosed in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and continue the faiiiefo fenced and inclosed until the Stones, Materials, or other Things, or Hole or Opening, as the Case may be, shall be removed, and in Default shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day or Night such Neglect or Default shall happen; and the said Commissioners on such Default being made, are hereby empowered to cause such Light to be affixed, and to fence and inclose such Stones, Materials, and Things, and continue the same to fenced and inclosed, and charge such Owner or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, with the Expences thereof respectively, and to fe-cover such Expences, on Refusal to pay the same to the said Commissiort-ers, and the Expences attending such Recovery, in the same Manner as any ^Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act inflicted is directed and authorized to be recovered,

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Householder or Hotlfe-holders within the said Town or Suburbs thereof, shall make Complaint in Writing under his, her, or their Hand of Hands, and shall leave the fame at the last o usual. Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commissioners, of any Dtfeft or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lancs, Passages, or Places, either before or after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this or the said recited Act, Seven Days before the next Meeting of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting; and if the Lid Surveyor or Surveyors, to whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall upon such View, find the Pavements complained of to be

f bad

P38*

If Surveyor! think fcch Pavement not defective

Commissioners to vienr the same.

ComraiHion-ct»may direct the Streets to be clean fed

Scavenger*

Duty.

46° GEORGII III. Cap 117.

bad or defective, the said Commissioners shall anj may order their Ccfl-trador or Contractors, Paviour or Paviours, to repair the fame, within such Time as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order; and if the Contractor or Contractors, Paviour or Paviours, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavements within such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners to repair and amend the fame, then and in every such Ca!e the said Contractor or Contradors, Paviour or Paviours, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day that the fame bad or defective Pavement shall remain un-repaired, after the Time limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order; and one Moiety of every such Penalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Inhabitant, for his or her Lossof Time and Trouble in and about the Premises, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall on any such View or Views, be of Opinion that the Pavement or Pavements mentioned to be bad or defective by such Householder or Householders in such Notice, is not bad or defective, then and in such Case the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith proceed to view the said Pavements, and their Opinion and Order concerning the same after such View, shall be final and non-elusive; any Thing in tins Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons, and to purchase or hire any Cart or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, and also any Horse or Horses, for the Purpose of cleansing the several Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Town and Suburbs thereof, and of carrying away the Dust, Dirt, Filth, Rubbish, Cinders, or Ashes, from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the feme; or it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to contract: with any Person or Persons for cleansing she fame, and for carrying away the Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Allies, from any House or Houses or other Premises within the same.

L.VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons employed by or contracting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the several Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, publick Passages and Places within the said Town and Suburbs thereof, or the Person or Persons employed by or acting under the Direction of such Person or Persons so contracting with the said Commi/Roners, shall Twice in every Week (that is to say) on every Tuesday and Saturday, between such Hours of those respective Days, and also on such other Days, and at or between such Hours as the Commissioners afore laid shall from Time td Time appoint, hveep and collect together all Dust, Dire, Filth, or Rubbish, in such Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, publick. Passages, and Places, and shall also bring or cause to be brought a Cart or other proper Carriage into such Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, or other Paffeges or Places, where such Cart or other Carriage can pass, shall at his or their Approach with

4fc° GEORGGlI III. Cap. .117. 23^3

such Cart or other Carriage, and not before, by Smwd of Bril, Voice, uV wherwife, give Norec to the inh.ibuantc of his oncheir coming, and give the hkeNotice in every Courr> Paffjjc, or PLcr, into which such Cart or Carriage cannot p..:*s; and fu- h Person or Prrfunt f<i employed by or contracting with the Lid Chm mi Hioners, shall immediately r^ke the Doth Dirt, RubbiOi, Cinder«, Ad es, and other Filth (except Filth Romany Privy cr NeccITrv rlot.fe) from the respective Prenulo in such.

several Streets, Squares, Crrfcencs, Lar-e , publick P-ifages and Places, and put the fame into such Cart or Carriage, ail which Dud, Dirt, Rub-hi(h. Cinders, Ashrs, and Filch (* xcepfc as afuiefud) as well as all iuth Dust, Dirt, Dung, Allies, and «ther Filth as shall be swept up and col-Itfted together a« afoefad, loch Person or Persons shall then immediately, or as soon as may be, carry away or esufe to be carried away to the Place or Places appointed (or dep firing the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Fcrty shillings for every Olfcnceor Neglect therein , and t^e Person or Persons fn employed or contracting as aforesaid, shall cause the Words Scavenger's Cart to be painted m large Roman Letters On the Front, or on some conspituous Parr of every Cart or Carriage i»fed for the Purposes aforesaid, oq Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom- For present, fofcvet shall throw, calf, or lay* or cause to be thrown, cast, or laid, any. in« Bricks, Stofies, Dull, Dirt,* Mould* Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Allies, or ©^atotbn dther Filth whatsoever, into or on the Side of any Street, Square, Cref- s^ect. cenr^ Lane, or other publick Paflfage or Place within the said Town or Suburbs thereof (except as herein excepted) every such Person so offeqding shall for every such Offence forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; or if any Person or Perfam.whomsoever IbaiJ thrower caff any such Stones, Biicks, Dull, Dirt, Mould, Dung, Offal, Rub-bifhj Ashes or other Filth, or Thing whatsoever into any Sewer, Drain,

Sink or Watercoorfe, under the Direction of the said Comnvflioners, within thtt laid Town or the Suburbs thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings:

LVflfl Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Pnairvnotto herein Cuarained shall extend, or be rorftrutd ro extend, to subject any ^x^'.",^0or Pferlon whomsoever to any Penalty by this Act inftkted for or on ac< ounr of occ^i-fifty Stones Bf cks, Rubbish, Mould, or Dirt being laid or placed in any , l\i£h Street,-Square, Cfcfcent, Lane, publii k PafLge or Place as afore.

4 My ©c^«6oned bvthe building, pulling down, altering, or repairing his H»use«. or her House or orher Building, so as there be tud and i- 15c ent Space, in the Opinion cf 'he said Commissioner.4, or of their Surveyor for the Time or at the Side of the Street, Square, Crdfcent, Lane, publick Place, Where such Rubbish* Mould, or Dirt shall he or be rrLH-d, fer; Carriage to p»fs and repair; and, a fuflkienc Way kept clean fcFFb^PafIenger9, by the Person or Persons Lying or caufingr such Stones,

JMck*, Rubbish, of Dirt to be laid or placed t and do as the Course of any bFtfie Gtitfers be1 hot choaked flp or impeded, or turned or varied fhrrcby; and fit as a sufficient Light be at his, hrr, or their own Expence Fet and Maintained at the Place v\hefre fuah Stojes, Bricks, Rubbish, or &- XLti, if Per.] 2Dirt

2394

fjft Peifjn but a Scavenger to remove any ttrt, Dull, *c.

f'ireflion for

fvrceping

Fvotwajrj,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

Dirt shall be so kid or placed, from Sunset to Sunrise, to prevent any Mischief happening to Passengers or Cattle; and so as the fame be inclosed and fenced about in such Manner and within such Time as the* laid Commissioners (h 11, by any Notice to be by their Order given to or left with such Person or Persons, diiect and appoint; and so as such Rubbish or Dirt be removed at the Expence of the Person or Persons so laying or causing the same to be laid, within a Time to be expressed in a Notice to be in like Manner given by the said Commissioners.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom* soever, other than the Person or Persons employed by or contracting with, the said Commissioners for cleansing the several Streets, Squares, Cref-cents, Lancs, or other publick Paffagts or Places within the said Town or Subuibs thereof, or the Person or Persons employed by or acting under the Direction of the Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, shall take or carry away, preaufetobe taken or carried away, any Dirr, Du<l, Dung, Ashes, or other Filth out of any of such Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, or other publick Paffiiges or Places as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person or Persons from preserving and keeping any Soil, Dirt, Duff, Dung, Ashes. Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, which shall have ari(en or have been made within his,her, or their Houses, Yards, or other Premises, or from making use of the fame for the Purpose of manuring any Lands in his, her, or their own Occupation, so as such Soil, Dirt, Duff, Cinders, Dung, Ashes, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, be not laid down or placed in any Street, Square, Crescent, Lane, publick Passage or Place, within the said Town or Suburbs thereof, for any longer Time than shall beneceflary for loading and carrying away the fame, nor be suffered to remain so as to be an Annoyance to any of the Inhabitants of, or Persons resorting to the said Town or the Suburbs thereof-, but in case any Person or Persons so reserving such Soil, Dirt, Dull, Dung, Ashes, Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, shall thereby annoy any of the said Inhabitants or Persons resorting to the said Town or the Suburbs thereof, or shall permit or suffer the same to remain in any such Street, Square, Crescent, Lane, publick Passage dr Place, for any longer Time than from Sunrife to Sunfec before the same shall be carried away or removed, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day that such Annoyance shall be suffered to remain after the Time limited as aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Occupiers of Houses or other Buildings in the several Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, within the said Town and Suburbs thereof, shall and they are hereby required to cause to be well and sufficiently Iwept and cleansed the Footways or Foot Pavements before, behind, and at the Sides of their respective Houses or other Buildings (as the Situation thereof shall require) every Morning in the Year, at or between such Hours as the kid Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, upon Pain of for-

/citing

4<5° GEORGII III. Cap. 117. 2I95

fating and paying for every Neglect therein any Sd.m not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall errp'yahy: TheTineof Necessiiry House, or carry any Night Soil along any Market Place, Streep 'J,'»'rr:ns Square, Crescent, Lane, or other publick Paffjge or P|;ce, within the H , Sr'Vtn-said Town or Suburbs, befote the Hour of Twelve of the* Clock at Nighr* rectcvU or after Five of the Clock in the Morning* in any Part of the Y.-ar, or put or calt any Night Soil in or near the said Market Places. Street1-, Squares,

Crescents, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Plat es, or in any resp ct improperly, carelessly or negligently remove the finie, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said pr6vin«n for Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from die

Time to Time and at any Time or Times hereafter, to purchase and pro- b‘re-5S* ctc- vide such and so many Glass Lamps, of such Sorrs and Sizes, and also such and so many Lamp Irons and Lamp Ports, as they shall judge necessary, and to direct the same to be affixed or fetj up upon or agairfl the Walls or Palifadocs of all or any of the several Houses or Buildings, or upon or against any other Walls, or in or upon such other Places within the said Town and Suburbs thereof, and to be altered, taken down, or renewed, in such Manner as they shall think fit, and to cause such Lamps, or any of them, to be lighted at such Times and Seasons of the Year, and on such Evenings, and on such Hours of the Evening, and to be kept burning for so many Hours, as cp them shall seem necessary or proper, for the well and sufficiently lighting of all or any of the said Streets, Squares,

Crescents, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, within the said Town and the Suburbs thereof.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of Per- p?ra,ty for’ fons shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, displace, or damage wilful tWig a«y Lamp or Lamps already fee up, or that shall be fee up by virtue of to this or the said recked A$, by Order of the said Commissnners, or by aup*’

Any Person or Persons at his, her, or their own Expence,-for the Purpose of lighting any of the said Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, Pa'ffages or Places, or shall wilfully, extinguiffi the Light or Lights within the same, or shall thrpw down or damage the Ports, Irons, Cover, or other Furniture of any such Lamp, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall fee any such Offence committed, and also forany other Person or Persons whomsoever, to friz* or assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Watchman or of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyeu before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Glouajler and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath an/

Witness or Wkncfifes who shall appear or be produced to give Information' or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party qr Parties accused shall be convicted, either by his, her, or their Confcflibn, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, then and in evtry such Case he, fhei and they shall for every futh Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not excetd^ ing Forty Shillings, and tftaTf moreover pay such Sum or Sums of MoriS/

2396 46° GEORGGIX III. Cap. 117.

fis shall be deemed by such Justice to he a full Satisfaction for the Damage foby him, her, or them done as aforesaid \ and in case such Offender or Off i.ders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and also such Sarisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Bridewell or House of Correction in or for the faict Town of Cheltenham, or to any other Bridewell, Prison, or House of Co1-testion in or for the said County of Gloucester, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not he discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, flie, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

Satisfaction

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Per. fdf accidental fans shall carelessly, negligently^ or accidentally break, th'rcnfe down, or Damage to damage any Lamp or Lamps hung out or set up by Order of the said'

>a Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private'

Txpence, or the Posts, Irons, Covers, or other Furniture thereof, and' shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, upon Complaint to him made by one 6r more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party of Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid; and upon hearing the Allegation and Proofs on both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to the other Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps (as the Case shall be) for such Damages, as such Justice shall think seasonable j and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Three Days after Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied in such and the like Manner as any bloc, Penalty, or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be raised and levied.

LXVL. And whereas many Parts of the Streets* and other Communications of the said Town of Cheltenham, and the Suburbs thereof, and between the said Town and the different publick Wells, are narrow, unsafe, and incommodious, and it would be of great Benefit if the fame were widened and otherwise improved, and if new Streets, Roads, Ways, or other Communications were opened: And whereas the prefect Market House of the said Town is considerably too small for the Purposes of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and is fituared in the Centre of the principal Street, so as to render the said Street in that Part very narrow and inconvenient; be it therefore further enacted, That for the Purpose of making the narrow Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places safe and commodious for Carriage* and Passengers, and for otherwise improving the same, and for opening proper Communications between any of the said Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, or any of them, and for opening any new Carriage or Foot Road or Roads to all, any, or either of the publick Wells and Springs now opened, or which shall or may be opened, in the Parish of Cheltenham aforesaid, and between such Wells and Springs

respectivply

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. il7.

spectively, and for altering, widening, and improving the prefciit Communications between the lad Town of Cheltenham and the aforesaid Wells or Spr’ngs, or any of them, and for the trefting and setting up a new Market Iloule and Shambles, with necessary Buddings and Cunvenimc-3 thereto, and which several Matters and Things the said Conviiissioners are hereby authorized and empoweied to do, and for otherwise improving said Town and Parish in Manner by this Act diiefted, it shall be lawrul for the said CommifTuners to treat and ag:ee with such Person or Persons* Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate respectively, as shall be or be deemed to be Owners of or inurdled in any Houses, Buildings, Erections, Proje&icns, Encroachments, Lands, Tenements, or ether Hereditaments within the said Parish, (which they the Lid Commissioners shall think right and proper to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act) lor the absolute Purchase thereof respectively, or for the Damag* to be done thereto lcspectively in the Execution or for the Purposes t mis Act > and to take down or alter all or any of such Houses, Buildings, Erections* Prt-jeftions, Encroachments, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fq pm-chaied, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, and to appropriate all or any of the Ground or Suites thereof relp ftively, and also all or any of the Lands to be I'o purchased for all or any of the Purposts afore-Lid, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit.

LXVII. And be it further er.acted. That ir shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Corporations whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, and all Feoffees inTnft, Executors* Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, of or for Lun.uicks and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves and their Successors, but also for and on Behalf < f their respective Cestuique Trust, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall befeifed in clieir own Righr, and to and for all Persons, whether Tenant^, for Life or Tenants in Tail, General or Special, and to and for all a d every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be lei fed, po (TV fled of, or jntcrefled in any, Houses or other Buildings, Erections, Projections, Encroachments, Lands, Tenements, or orher Hereditament ,» or any Part thereof, which the Lid Cormniftioners ere by this Act enaoled to pu'rchafo for any,of the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Righr, Title, and I r^ripft. whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the said Cmnmissioneis and their Successors, or to such Persons and their Heirs for, ever, as the said Com-onffioners shall direct, in Trust for them the said Commissioner*, lor my 9f the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contr.'.fts, Agreem n , Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by vrtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or AtTurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and P rpoles, not only to convey the Estate and interest of the Per Ton and Perfor.s, conveying his, her, apd their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Succdfors. but also to convey all Righr, EfLte, interest, Uie, Trull, Property, Claim, $nd Demand whatsoever, of their Lid several apd respective Ctftuquq Trust, and all claiming or to claim by, Tom, cr under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary [Lk. 27 B thereof

2398 4&° GEORGII III. Cap. hi.

thereof notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or C<*l* legiate. Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, and ail Feoffee* inTruft, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees Trusttes, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

Provssion i

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Bxty Politick, Cor-cafesofKe- porate, or Collegiate, or any Corporation whether Aggregate or Sole, biUt* °to itU Spiritual or Lay, or any Femes Covert, or any Tenant for Life or Tenant 111 0 1>'" in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, General or Special, or any other Own r or Owners, Occupier or Occupier*, or other Person or Persons whemfo-v^r, i mere lied in any House or Houses, Building or Bui dings, Erection or Erections, projeding into, over, or upon any of the Footways within the said Town cr the Suburbs thereof, or of any Door or Doors of Cellars, or of any Steps belonging thereto, or in any other Projcdion cr Encroachment upon any such Footway whatsoever, or in any other Meffliages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which the said Commissioners are enabled by this Act to purchase or treat for, f r any of the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse to treat, contract, or agree as aforesaid, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, contracting, or agreeing, or Hull decline or refule to fell, convey, and dispose of the Hereditaments and Premises whereof or wherein, or whereunco they reflectively shall be so seised, possessed, interested, or entitled as aforesaid, of their respective Rights, Titles, Claims, or Interests in, to, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, unto the said Cocntniffiuners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate for the Purposes, a;id according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act j or shall not or cannot produce or make out a clear Title to the Premises, or to the Interest rhey claim therein to the Satisfaction of the said Comm ffioners; or if any’ Dispute or Difference shall arise touching such Purchase or Purchase', the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and authorized, before any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be bolden for the said County of Gloucester, or any Adjournment thereof, to give or cause to be given to such Owner or Owners, cr the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to such Guardians, Committees, cr Trustees as aforesaid, or to leave or cause to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession, fourteen Days Notice in Writing, denoting and describing the Lands, Buddings, Houses, Ered-ions, Piojedions, Encroachments, Tenements, or other Hereditaments intended to be purchased, and purporting that the Value thereof shall be adjusted and settled by a Jury, to be sworn at the said Session or Adjournment thereof, and thereupon any one of His Majest/s Justices of the Peace for the said County of GlouccjUr, shall and he is hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal to the Sheriff of the same County, or if such Sheriff shall be interested in the Matter in question, then to one of the Coroners of the said County, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner to impannel, summon, and return Twenty four Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for the Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at IVcjl-w.ittjler, to-appear before His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall be assembled at the then next General Quarter Scflims of the Peace to be held for the said County, in order that out of them a Jury of Twelve Men may be drawn and be sworn to enquire touching the Matter in queflfron (

2399

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

end in case a fuffifcient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at such Time and Place, the said Sheriff or Cororer (full return ether henest and indifferent Men who can speedily be procured to attend that Service, bing qualified as aforesaid to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of "the said Jurymen; and the Justices of the Peace for the said County, and each of them, is and are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal, from Time'to Time as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before them all fpchPcr-10ns as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in quefiton , and the said Justices of the Peace for the said County, or any one of them, may on the Application of either Party, order and authorize the said Jury, or any Five or more of them, to view the Places or Matters in question, which Jury upon their Oaths to be admi-rillered by the said Justices or ary of them (v hich Oat i s, as also the Oaths to furh Perfort or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Ju(trees or any one of them is and are hereby required to ad-rr.iniftrr) shall esquire of, a fiefs; and afeertdin the Sum and Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and to frttle and nfeertain in what Proportions the Sum or Sums of Money so a defied shall be paid to the fevrral Persons ihrerested in the Premises; and the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid (not being interested in the Matter in question) (halt give Judgement for such Purchase Monies or Recompence so to be aflVfled by such Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced by the said Justices, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against aJl Parties, Boches Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoevrr: Provided always, that such Justices may adjourn such Matters in question to any other Scflicns of the Peace for the said County, and finally determine the fame at any of the said Session?, and give such Costs to either Party as they shall judge to be reasonable.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further ennfted, That if any Penalty Sheriff, Under Sheriff; or Coroner, shall make Default or neglect his Duty in the Premises aforesaid, every such Person shall for every such or witiuifa Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any "es'e-(lns Person so summoned and returned as a Juryman, shall not appear, or J

appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Person 1o summoned ro give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or to affirm or give Evidence, every Person so offending respectively, having no reasonable Excuse, 10 be allowed by the said Justices, shall for every such Offence foifcit and pay Fuch Sums of Money as the said Justices, or the major Part of them so aflcnibled as afbrcfii’d shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds,

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Verdicts and Judgements Verdicts, which shall be made and given in relation to any such Lands, Tend- Judge®* rnents, Buildings, or Hereditaments as aforesaid (such Verdicts and kept^.IS.g 'Judgements being fumed by ore of the Justices of the Peace for the di* Rec«-d«

said

2+CO

Provision that Verdicts shall net be binding nn-

less Money paid with n Six Calendar Monhs.

Pr« son foi Payment of Ct its of Ver-«Kcts.

Application of Conipen-fation, when

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

laid County, who shall be present at the taking of such Inquest) shall be fairly entered and kept among the Records of the Sessions of the said County; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, dull be taken c be good and effectual Evidence at)d Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Perfor.s may nave Recourse to the Line gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying Four-pence for every Seventy* two Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or Ids Number of Words.

LXXI. Provided always, That in case the Sum or Sums so assessed by the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged to be paid by the said Commissioners, as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, for their respective Interests in the said Hereditaments and Prtmifes shall not be paid or tendered within Sx Calendar Months after the lame shall have been lawfully demarded by the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, then and in every such Case the Vercii.ft of the said Jury shall not be binding upon the said Partiesany Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Verdict shall have been given for a greater Sum or Recorrpence than shall have been previously offered by or on the Behalf of the Lid Commissioners for any such Lands, Buildings, Houfss, Ered'.ons, Projections, Encroachments, Tenements or other Hereditaments, for Damages as a(ore-fa'd, all the Expences of taking such Inquest, and of the Witnesses attending thereon, and recording or entering the Verdict and Judgement thereupon, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Mumrs to ar.fe by virtue of this Act \ but if a Verdict shall be given for no greater or for a lets Sum than Dull have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, then in and every such Case such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Premises in question; provided, that whenever by Absence any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, the Whole of such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commission-trs; and whenever any Costs and Charges shall or may be payab'C to the said Commislioners, such Colls and Charges shall and may be deducted out of the Sum to be paid by the said Commissioners, to the said Owners or Persons respectively interested.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments puo» chafed, taken, or ufrd by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Pur-pnfes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee inTruft, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Commiitee, or other Trtiflee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique 7’rust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments arc limited in drift or other Settlement, or any Person under any other Disability or Incap city whatsoever, such Money shall, in case th: fame (had be equal to or exceed t: e Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be pl.ccd to his Account

therf

2401

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

there c.v parte, the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money may be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said C.-uit, to be signified by an Order mr.de upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of title said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debtor Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, artccting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, cr-afiefting other Lands,

-Tenements, or Hereckamentjs Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses Intents, or Purposes; or where, such Money shall not be (o applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of thedfiid Courr, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to,

(or, and upon such and the like Dfes, Truirs, Intents, and Purposes,

#md in th? same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, 'Hood settled dr litpited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlement ftp 11 be exilting undetermined and capable of takirtg'Effect

and in the meantime and until such Pufchafe shall be made, the said Mo-pey shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Arcountant Genferal in his Name, in the Purchase of There Pounds per Centum Consolicfated Bank Annuities or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the fwd R;nlc Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time Co Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits vf<hc laid Lands, Tenements, or I lereditamenrs so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Pureiiafc or Settlement were made.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Mo- Application ol 3»ey-KAigKed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or He- ffon*i?tcri~ ttfditomencis purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- than 2001. Joncing tetany Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapiciry as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hun- 1 s * dred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, nlrn and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person ot Persons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figriifird in Writing under their respedKve Hand*) be paid fnto the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be pi iced ro his Account a* aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner here-in-before dmr&ed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making Rich Option, and approved by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such N mnnation and Approbation 10 be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating a id approving P Tties) in Order that Inch Principal *M< >nev, and «1k Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein*before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or be n* required ro obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court [Lm. & Pet.J 27 C of

240s 4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

Comw»'fthm Chancery: Provided also, that where such Money so agreed or awarded it ufs than tol. to be paid as last before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Ufa of the Perionor Persons who would for the Time being have been enriiled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as thr Lid Commissioners shall direct; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benelic of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

ma?n'°out°t

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per« Titles-' °U (ons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or in case such Person or Persons to whtfm such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditameri s, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the CourtolChancery, to be placed to his Account to the Creditof the Par-ties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing than], lubjrft to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable -, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby requited to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Mo-

ney, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or was received, to such Perionor Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

where my

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any <lue!iio- shall Question shall arile touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be the V°leto'S paid, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Money Accountant Genet; 1 of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, the^Perron for the Pujehafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any uho shall be Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

of fiie*Lands to purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be

etc.-shall be ’ purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such tS'tlere. Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession 10 unlcfi, &c. offuchLands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchasr, and all Person? claiming under such Person or Persons, or under

the

2405

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

the Possession of such Person or Person';, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Laid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such M >ney, and alf) the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful PofiVflion, and that some other Person or Persons v.-as or were entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament s, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reafo* The'Court of of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, ordTtrafon- entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under able Expenc«i the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be ^be paid by requied to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the the Comaui. Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, to be settled to floner" the tike TJPes in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in puTuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners our. of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXXVUL And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, Forr!10f(;0<i and AHorances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be made vey..ncc. to the Paid Commissioners, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

« to me paid by the Commissioners for im-

Pioving the Town of Cheltenham, acting by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled, [here tnfert the Title of this AcT\, Do hereby grant and convey to the said Commissioners [here describe the Premises to be con-« conveyed], and all my Right, Title, and Interest ro and in the fame, and every Parc thereof, to hold to the said Commissioners for ever. In Witness whereof I hare hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this

4 Day of in the Year of our

4 Lord

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance Po made, shall be good and effectual to veil the Premises so conveyed in the said Commissioners and their Successors, freed and absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from all Claims, Rights, Inccrefts, Charges, and Incurrmrances of ail Persons whomsoever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custotn to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to be agreed for, awarded, or afieffed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Mo- Purchife Mo-rues to be received by virtue of this Act ro the Party cr Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents j and upon Payment P of^rty m

u' _,.r the Comma*

' 6 thereof,

34°4

Power for Delivery cf Pafleflion of Property purchased,

For p tying o

oi Lana 3 put-

46°C£ORGII III. Cap. 117.

thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, on placing the fame in the Bank of England'^ Manner by this Act directed, whether such Conveyance as aforesaid shall or shall not be made, all the Estate, Right, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively, unto or to whose Credit or Use the same shall have been pair), in, to, and out of such Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tenemems, or other Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners and their Successors in Trust, for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seifm or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; end such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons unto or to whose Use or Credit such Payments shall have been made as aforesaid, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed ro bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and allEstates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Ke-version, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Kfues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every Lessee or Tenant for Years or at Will, and every other Person in Possession of any Lands, Buildings, Iioufes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments which shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, shall deliver tip the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Notice from the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons fb appointed by them, to quit the fame at such Time or Times as shall be required by such Notice, they the said Commissioners, cr such Person or Persons, making such Satisfaction and Compensation to every such Tenant or Leftee as aforesaid, in case he or she shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their Term in the Premises, as the Hid Commissioners shall deem just and reasonable; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching or concerning the same, such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, is and are herein directed to be settled and ascertained in case of any Duirrence or Dispute about the fame; and such Person or Persons in Pof-leflion shall, at such Time or Times as he, (lie, or they shall be required by Lbe laid Comm fliuners, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premilts to the said Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons authorized by ih m to take Possession thereof; and if any such Person or Periods so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver up such Poflcssion, th:n and in evtry such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of GlaucejUr, to delivtr Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in Lch Precept or Precept be nominated to receive the lame; and the said Sheriff* is htreby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons iu relufing to deliver up Possession as aforesaid by Distress and Sale of his, hpi, or their Goods and Chattels.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case {thy Mcfloages, Lands, or Here.uitamenis, taken or ourchaijed for the Purposes of this Act, shall

happen

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117. 2405

happen to be in Mortgage to any Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Application being made to them by such ers. Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sum or Sums < f Money, after the same shall have been lb agreed for and atijufted, or assessVd in Manner a fore said for such Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments tn Mortgage, in Discharge or Part Discharge of the Principal Money and Interest that shall be due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages unto such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that upon Receipt of such Sum or Sums of Money, an Indorsement shall be made upon such Mortgage or Mortgages, and signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in Satisfaction of so much of the Principal Money due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power fur said Commissioners to cause all and every the Houses and other Buildings, ^'to cause-Erections, Projections, and Encroachments which shall at any Time be Buildi.-gs purchased under the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, or any of [^SSappro-them, or any Part of them, to be appropriated to the Purposes of this Act, pmted tS the or otherwise to be taken down, and to cause the Scites thereof, or any

Part thereof, and any other Land to be purchased under the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, to be added to or laid into the Streets,

Squares, Crescents, Lanes, or other publick Passages, Roads, or Places in or about the said Town^or the Suburbs thereof, or leading to or from the said Well or Wells, to be formed and made into any new Streets,

Roads, Lancs, Ways, or other publick Paffjges or Places in or about the said Town of Cheltenham or the Suburbs thereof, or to or from or between the aforesaid Wells or any of them, and to make more commodious any Bridge or Bridges leading to or from the said Wells or any or either of them, and to build any new or other Bridge or Bridges in any Road or Way leading to or from the said Wells or any or either of them, for the Purpose of mutual Communications, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall judge proper; and the Land so added to or laid into the re-speClive Streets, Squares, Crescents, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places respectively, shall for ever afterwards be deemed Part thereof; and the lame, and also such as shall be formed and made into any new Streets,

Squares, Crescents, Roads, Lanes, Ways, or other publick Passages or

Places as aforesaid), shall be used as common publick Highways, Paths,

and Passages: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and power to fej|

for the said Commissioners to fell or otherwise dispose of such Part or the Land, and

Parts of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which may have been purchased under the Authority of this Act, or Land.

for the Purpose of making such Alterations or Improvements as aforesaid,

as may afterwards be found unnecelLry for the Purposes of this Act, to

ny Person or Persons willing to purchase the fame j and that all Monies

to be raised by any Saie or Sales as aforesaid, shall be considered as

Part of the general Fund applicable to the Purposes by this Act

declared.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Directing that Commissioners before they shall sell and dispose of any such Lands, Tene- *h« Person*

lLH.UPtr.1 *iD men*

2406

have been

purchased by the C ommrt-loners, shall have th? first Offer of the Keptirchafe thereof.

Damages how to be aictr-tained and settled.

Market House to be pulled

Materials fold for fiie Pur-poe, of the

New Market House to be built 5

and celled in the Lord of the Manor of Cheltenham.

46' GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

ments, or Hereditaments, shall first offer the Came for Sale to the Person or Persons rd'pectively from whom they shall have purchased such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, then and in every such Case an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the Paid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, cr oth.r Hereditaments, by reason of the Execution of any Power* given by this Act, then and in every such Case Satisfaction and Compen-lation shall be made by the said Commissioners to such Persons respectively, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act and in case of any Difference or Dispute between such respective Persons and the said Comn ifli iter', the Amount of such Damages shall be settled and alter*, tained by a Jury in such and the like Manner as any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenement.% bf Hereditaments, is and are herein directed to be settled and ascertained in case of any Difference or Dispute about the fame; and the same shall be recovered, levied, and applied, in such and the like Manner.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissjcners, if they shall think proper, to cause the prefenc Market House within the said Town to be pulled down, and the Materials thereof to be sold or otherwise disposed of, towards carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, and also to cause the Scire thereof, or any Part thereof, to be laid into and made Part of the said principal Str er, and to be formed and put into proper Repair, and the same shall for ever afterwards be deemed and taken to be Parc of the said Street.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, and they are hereby authorized to cause a new Market House and Shambles to be erected and bu Ir in some convenient Place within the said Town, or the Suburbs thereof, of such Size and Construction, and with such Convenienciti thereto, as they shall think proper or necessary, and from Time to enlarge the same as may be found necessary or expedient.

LXXXVIL. And whereas ihe present Market House belongs to and rS the Property of the Right Honourable James Lord Sherborne, Lord of the ]VIanor and Hundred of Cheltenham aforesaid, and of the Fairs and Markets within the said Town, and it is proper that the new Market House

and

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117. 2407

and Shamble?, with the Buildings and Conveniences thereto, if any shall be so built as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, should be vested in the said Lord Sherborne, and his Heirs, subject neverthelef* to such Agreements and Stipulations in resprd of the Tolls of the said Town, as shall be agreed upon between him the 1, id Lord Sherborne or his Heirs anil the said Commissioners, for the same Eftare and Intereffc as he or they hath or may have in the present Maikct House , be it therefore enacted, That from and after the tre£bng and building of the said new Market House, Shambles,

Buildings, and Convenicncies, the fame shall, by virtue of this Act, be veiled in and become the Property of the said Lord, in such and the like Manner, and for such and the fame Ellate, a§ he is now possessed of and interested in the present Market House; and fuuh n<w Market House*

Shambles, Buildings, and Conveniences, shall be deemed end taken to be the publick Market House of and for the said Town; any Thing in this Act, or any Ul’agcor Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Fhe Engine, said Commissioners to contract with any fit Person from Time to Time, to keep the different Fire Engines belonging to the said Parish of Cheltenham, with the Pipes, Buckets, or other Things belonging thereto, in good Working Repair and Order, and (if they shall at any Time find or deem it necessary) to purchase any pew Engine or Engines, Pipes, Buckets, or other Things belonging thereto, for the Use of the said Town and the Suburbs thereof, and to pay and defray all Costs and Expences attending the fame respectively, out of the Rates to be levied and raised by virtue of this Act.

LXXXIX. And for railing Money for answering- and defraying the Ratw» Expences attending the obtaining of this Act, and carrying into Execution the Idveral Purposes thereof j be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, once or ofte'ner in every Yenr as they shall see Ocoafion, to cause such Sum of Money to be raised by a Rate or Afieffmenc upon the several Tenants of Occupiers cf Houses, TVarehouses, and other Shops, Cellars, Vaults,

Stable', Coach HoO.fes, Bitwhouses, Granaries, Malthouses, Buildings, and publitk Wells, which are already bull: or made, or which shall hereafter be built or made, within the said Town or Suburbs as aforesaid, and tipon the several Gardens, Yards, or Lands thereto r spectively belonging and adjoining, anti upon all Gardens, Orchards, Fr.ddocks, Closes,

Tenements, and f fereditamerfs adjoining to or upon arty of the Streets,

Squares, Ckfefcenfs, Lanes, dr other publick Passages or PLct-s which areaheady made or built, or which shall hereafter be m.<de or built, within the said Town of Cheltenham, according to (he Annual Rent or Value of the fame respectively, ret exceeding in any one Year the Sum of Five Shillings in the Pound upon such annual Rent or Value for the firfr Six Years, to fee computed from the first Meeting of the said Commissioners, and Three Shillings in the Pound ’.fief the Expiration of such Six Years, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary for'paying and defraying the several Charges and Expences attending the obiaining and passing of this Act, and of cleansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in Repair the Pavements of such Streets, Lanes, and ether publick Passages and Places as aforesaid j and of purchasing and providing a sufficient Number of Lamps, Lamp Rolls, and Lamp Irons, and of keeping the fame

*40 8

6* GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

farm: in Repair from Time to Time, and all other Charges and Expences incidental rhereto, under the Orders and Regulations by this Act provided and directed to be observed and made, and all other Charges and Expences incidental 10 and attending the Execution of this Adit; such annual Ren: or Value to be from Time to Time settled, ascertained, and fitted in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoinc; and for the PurpTes aforesaid, or any of iherr, it shall be lawful for the laid‘Commissioners yearly and every Year as often as they shall see Occasion, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint any one or more of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Cheltenham or its Suburbs (not being of the People called Quakers') to be the Affcflor or Affdfors of ,ucn Rates or Afteflinents as aforesaid, and as soon after as mav beta issue their Order thereupon to such Assessoror Aifessors, who shall accordingly oe, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to make such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment6 j and the Money so to De rated and assessed, shall from Time to Time be paid by such several Tenants or Occupiers as aforesaid, and they are hereby required to pav the fame by Half-yearly or Quarterly Payments, to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall direct; but no Rate or Afllfi-ment to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be valid, until the same shall be allowed and signed by Five of the said Commissioners at the lead, at any Meeting to be held for the Purposes of this Act , and the said Afftffor or Assess *rs shall appear at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing signed by them, order and appoint, and then and there produce and deliver to them Two Copies or Duplicates of the Assessment made and subscribed by such Assessor or Assessors, and (half from Time to Time, upon reasonable Notice to him or them given by the said Commissioners, attend the said Commissioners at any of the.r Meetings, then and there to explain any such Rates or Assessments j and that the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, as loon as may be after such Rare or Assessment shall be made, allowed, and signed, settled, ascertained, and fixed as aforesaid, cause a Duplicate thereof, signed by them, to be delivoed to the said Collector or Collectors, and shall also issue their Orders to the said Collector or Collectors, requiring him or them to collect and receive the respective Sums of Money made payable by such Rate or Assessment, and such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorized and required to collect and receive the same accordingly j and also once at lealfc in every Month, or oftener if directed so to do by the said Commissioners, by Writing signed by their Clerk for the Time being, to pay the Money so to be collected and received by virtue of this Act, to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied to and for the Uses an'* Purposes herein-before mentioned j and all and every such Collector or Colie Aors shall and is and are hereby required, at the Time of making every such Payment of the Money f > respectively collected as aforesaid, to deliver to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same, a true and exact Account of all Sums of Muney received by him or them respectively, and also of such Sums of Money, Rates, or Assessments (it any) which shall remain uncollected, together with the Reasons why the fame have or had not been collected, to the end that it may appear whether such Non-payment or Non-collection happened through the Insolvency of the Person rated, or through

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i if. 2405

the Default of the Collector or Collectors; and if any Person who shall be appointed to the Office cf Assessor or Collector in virtue hereof, shall

afterwards refuse or neglect to take upon himself and execute his said Office, without shewing forne reasonable Cause to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners for such Rcfufa! or Neglect, or shall wilfully make Default in the Performance of the Duty of h:s said Office, or wilfully over-rate any Person or Persons, or collect more than the Sum which shall have been so rated or assessed as aforesaid, or other wile misbehave himself therein, he shall for every such Refus.il, Neglect, Default, or Mlfbehaviour, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered as any other Penalty is herein directed to be recovered, and also be discharged from his said Office if the said Commissioners shall think fit.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person so ThefamePer* nominated or appointed an Assessor, and who shall have served such Office, or shall have paid such Penalty as aforesaid for not serving Aircfloi-more the fame, shall be again compellable to serve the said Office in less " y^m than Five Years after the End of such Service, or Payment of such Penalty.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Comminion-and may, and they art* hereby authorized and empowered to cause any-. pfry^rdcf of the Books or Assessments of Rates of the said Parish c f ChellenbaWy and nZc stoics or if they shall think fit any of the Books or Assessments of the Land Tax, Lan^Tax^ to be brought before them, and so take Copies of such Books or AflelT- pr0nVuced Ind ments, or of any Part thereof, without Fee or Reward; and if any Per- Copie*therof son or Persons in whole Custody or Power any of the said Books or Assess- midc* ments shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said Commissioners with such Books or AfltfTnents. or ro permit them to take Copies thereof, then and in every such Case, such Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XCIT. And be it further enacted, That if such Assessor or Assessurs shall at any Time or Times hereafter, in any Rate or AffeflVnenc by him or Rate* imp.-o-them to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, neglect or omit to rate or a fiefs any Person or Persons liable to pay or be charged with such may amend or Rate or Assessment, or shall in any such Affiffment under-rate any such Person »[ter the cld or Persons liable to pay such Rate or Ad iTment, then and in every such Rales*

Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to rate and assess in the said Kate ot Assessment, such Person or Persons so omitted to be rated or assessed,' and ro raise such Person or Persons so under-rated, or amend such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, in such Manner as to the said Commissioners shall stem just and reasonable; and that the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are herthy empowered to strike out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, whom they shall determine not to be liable to the Payment of the Rates hereby directed to be made; and that all such Additions to or Alterations- in the old or former Rate or AffrflVnenr, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whac-soever.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, Thar if the Ttmant or Occupier of Tenants» . any Messuage, House, Warchoufr, Shop, Cellar, Building, Garden, pa* 1IC at<s’ ILcc. & fir-] 27 E Lund,

Mow Rates t< be paid by Tenan s quit ting or enter

Rerfcns re* waving; -

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1x7.

Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, in respect of which any Rate of Assess-nent shall be charged or imposed by virtue of this Act, shall ac any Time neglect or refuse to pay the Rates or Sums of Money which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid, for the Space of Fourteen Days after the same shall be due, and Demand made thereof by the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Tenant or Occupier, then upon Proof thereof upon Oath (or Affirmation) before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Tenant or Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such justice of the Peace, and which Warrant such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant; and the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Sum or Sums due in respect of such Rates cr Affi Aments, and all Charges and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, shall be paid upon Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall remove from or quit any Messuage, Warehouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement,or Hereditament, which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons final 1 be liable to pay such Rates or Assessments in proportion to the Time that he, she, or they occupied the fame, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had not removed or quitted the fame; and in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any such Messuage, Warehouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament as aforesaid, out ©for from which any other Person or Persons who shall have been rated or assessed for the same shall be removed, or whiih ac the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment was or were empty or unoccupied, the fame shall, for and in respect of his, her, or their Occupation thereof, be liable to any such Rate or Assessment, in proportion to the Time that he, flie, or they shall occupy the fame, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they had been originally rated or assessed for such Messuage, Warehouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, which said respective Proportions, in case of Dispute, Hull be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners in such Manner as they shall judge reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons who having been lo rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall quit his, her, or their Messuage, Warehouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, before he, she, or they shall have paid such Rate or Rates, or proportionable Part or Parcs thereof, by him, her, or them due and payable, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the fame when demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for any City, County, Division, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Person or Persons shall remove to or reside, or where any Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons shall be found, which WaiTant loch Justice is hereby required to grant, upon Proof made of the Sum so due before hirn upon Oath of any one credible Wicncfs (or Affirmation being a Quaker) to levy such Rate or Rates, or proportionable Part or Parts thereof by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons; and ^fter Payment of the Money due in respect of any such unpaid Rate or Rates, or proportionable Part or Parts, and all Expences attending the Recovery thereof, the Overplus shall be paid

34U

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

to the Person or Persons whose G;ods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuage, Ware- if more than house, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, shall be let or demised to any one may more than one Tenant or O cupier, any one or more of such Tenants or be lia',ls so Occupiers shall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Pur*. 1>ay tle ntes* poses of this Act, and the said Rates or Assessments shall be levied by Distress and Sale in Manner last herein-before mentioned, of all or any of the Goods and Chattels in such Messuage, Warehouse, Building, Garden,

Land, Tenement, or Hereditament.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required once in every Year to rate Buiidin"

and assess the several Sums of Money herein-after mentioned, upon the fe- to be ratedTby Veral and respective Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein- Meafufe* after directed to be rated and assessed, by the Yard running Measure; and the first Year for which such Rate or Assessrnent shall be made, shall commence at and be computed from the first Meeting of the Commissioners under this Act; and the Mdnies so to be rated and sfluffed shall from Time to Time be paid, by equal Half-yearly or quarterly Payments, to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, and be paid over by such Collector or Collectors into the Hands of the 7’reasurer to the said CommissioneVs, (that is to say) such Sum as the said Commission-fers shall rate and affcfs not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings upon the Parish Church, and the several Chapels, Meeting Houses, Halls, Church Yard, Meeting House Yards, Alms House s, Hospitals, Theatres,

Market House, Work House, and other publick Buildings whatsoever within the said Town and the Suburbs thereof, for every Yard running Measure of the Length of die several and respective Buildings or Places a’ordaid.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Assessments By whom the so to be made and laid upon any Hall shall be paid out of the Poor’s ^atcs 011 Rues of the said Parish; and the said Rates or Assessments so to be rated and assessed upon the Parish Church or Church Yard, shall be able, paid by the Churchwardens of the said Parish out of their Rates 5 and the said Rates or Assessments so to be rated and assessed upon any Hospitals or Alms Houses shall be paid by the respective Masters, Wardens, Trustees, Governors, or Keepers thereof'; and the Rates or Assessments so to be rated and assessed upon any Meeting House, Chapel,

Ch rch Yard, and Meeting House Yard, shall be paid by the respective Miuifter* and Deacons, or other Persons usually officiating the rein, or by the 7’rvft.eor Trustees, or other Persons in whom the same shall be vested; and the Rates or Assessments to be rated and assessed upon the said Theatres, shall be paid by the Propr.kters thereof; and the Rates or Aff fluents so ro be rated upon publick Workhouses and other publick Buildings not within any of the Defrriptions aforesaid, shall be paid by the resprClive Keepers or Managers thereof; and such Rates or Afflff-ments Thai I be paid by the refj eftive Cfticers and Persons rated, assessed, of'charged therewith, to the respect ive Collecton appointed by the said Commissioner:, in such qn irtedy or other Proportions as the said Commissioner#

14*2 ^" GEORG-II 1H. Cap. 117.

milTioners shall direct; and in t case of Default inPayment such Rates of Aneffment' shall and may from Time to Time be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any one or'more of the Officers or Persons so respectively rated, assessed, or charged therewith* in the same Manner as if such Officers or Persons respectively were the actual Owners or Occupiers of such Property, and were or had been rated, 2 {Tiffed, or charged as such; and all such Officer and Persons respectively may charge the Sum or Sums so rated, assessed, or charged on them respectively, after Payment thereof, to or in their rel'pedive Accounts.

Commifllcn. XCVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said

"higherRate Commissioners shall deem it expedient and necessary (but not other-itnecessary. wife) they shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to make a higher Rate or Assessment for the several Purposes of this Act, than any of the Rates or Assessments herein-before mentioned, and in lieu thereof, and to continue the same as long as they shall think necessary, so that such higher Rate or Assessment shall not exceed One-third of the actual annual Value or Rack Rent of the several Lands, Tenements, Houses, Shops, Malthouses, Warehqufes, Coach-houses, Stables, Yards, Gardens, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Wells, or other Hereditaments in the said Town of Cheltenham, or the Suburbs thereof, on which the fame is to be io made and levied as aforesaid.

XCIX. And whereas the said Town of Cheltenham hath been for fume Time past rapidly increasing in its Size and Extent, and various neyr Buildings are now erecting, and it is in Contemplation to erect many others in the said Town and the Suburbs thereof; be it therefore f urther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time at any Meeting of Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to ascertain, vary, and fix the Limits or Boundaries of the said Town of Cheltenham and the Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and ol this Act, and to fix and appoint what Lands, Houses, or other Buildings shall be deemed or taken to be within the Boundaries of the said Town or the Suburbs thereof, for the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, of which Meeting or Meetings Notice shall be given in feme Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Gloucester> and alfe.a like Notice shall be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Cheltenham aforesaid, for two Sundays before such Day or Days of Meeting; and all Lanas, Houses, or other Buildings which shall from Time to Time be so fixed and appointed, shall be and be deemed and taken to be within the said Town of Cheltenham or Subui bs thereof, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, and shall be subject and liable to all the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities of the said recited Act and of this Act.

C. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be rated or pay the Rates or Assessments which shall be made by virtue cr in pursuance of this Act, who shall occupy a House or Houses within the said Town or its Suburbs, of Jess than the year!)' Value of Five Pounds and no Rate or Assessment shall by virtue of this Act be charged or made payable by any Person, who by reason of his or her own Poverty 6 only

Sxtmpt'ion Jrvro Rates.

Power for settling the Limits of the Town, ice.

241J

46° GEORGII III. Cap. x i?.

bnty is or shall beexcufed from payirg any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor, nor shall any Person be charged or rated in or by such Rate or Aflrffment as aforesaid, for or on account any Lands whaifoev'er, which shall at the Time of making any such Rate or AficlEnent be used as Arable Land, Meadow, or Pasture Ground only, and shall not adjoin to fume Street, Square, Crescent, House, Building, Lane, or other publick Pali sage or Place, within the said Town or the Suburbs, thereof.

CL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thar no Messuage, u^o/cupied* \Varehousej Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament hcreoy not to be made liable ro be rated or assessed, shall be charged or chargeable with ral«L any Rate or Assessnient as aforesaid, during the Time the same shall be empty or unoccupied, and excused from Payment of the assessed Taxes iipun Houses and Windows on that Account.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Perron*a-., think himself, herftir, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment,

Raies or AfHTmenrs, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, such apply to the Person o- i\ fons hull and may fitfl apply fur Relief to the said Com- Gomm,<,ion* m ,(fiooers, at the First or Second Meeting to be holden next af ter Demand u shall be *'iadc of such Rate or Atlcffmenc; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think the Person or Persons a\;, reved, to give such Relief in the Premises 2s to them shall seem reasonable; and if any Person or Person lo applying to such Com-niiflhmers, fhnil not be satisfiurd with their Order or Determina1ion, or such Applicai n shall not be attended toby the said Commissic ers at such First or Second Meeting as aforesaid, then such Person or Pei fens shall neverthelrfs be obliged to pay such Rate, and then and not before may appeal in the Manner herein-after mentioned, to the General Quarter Srffions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Gloucester, for Relief in the Premises*

CIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said p-w?rf«bor-Commissioners from Time to Time to borrow and take up at In?cr ft such r w on Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding in the Rate*! ° the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the Rates or Aftelfmenis to be laid and collected by virtue of this Act; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign ail or any Part of the said Rates or Aflrflineins to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, of their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to he advanced, with legal Interest for the fame; and the Costs and Expences of such Assignment thereof to be made as hertin-after mentioned, shall be from T;me to Time defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be so borrowed; and every such Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

: wk of the Commissioners, appointed by or in pur-

‘ fiance of an Act, made in ihe Foriy-fixits Year of the Reign of ' His Majesty King Geogt ilie Third, intituled, An All, [here ft! forth the

'll lit of this Aa~\ in Consideration of the Sum of

advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for

[Lot. fc’ fV.J ay F the

241+ 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

6 the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant and affigiv utlto rh? said

A.B. [sr, to his i'ruliec or Trustres, as the Case may require*) his Exccu-‘ to-s, Adminiiltiuors, and Assigns, such Proportnon of the R ites or 1 A fit flaunts aiifing by virtue of the said Act, r.s the said Sum of

c doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may

at any Time he borrow' d, or be or become due and owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and hoMen from this’ c Day of until

« the said Sum of with lawful Tnrefeft for r%e fame,

t shall be repaid ana satisfied. In Witness where< f we the said Commit sioners have hereunto let our Hands and Seals,- the

t Day of in the Year

And every fjeh Security shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

power for CIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said CommissionerJ to Me-" think ic advisable to raise all or any Part of the Money fa be bor-n«y i>y An- rowed under this Act, by granting Annuities for Life or Live-1, ic shall r.uiues. jawruj for the fajj Commissioners, and they are hereby a t' prized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to giant Annuities' to any Person or Persons, who shall advance and pay into he Ha ds of the Treasurer to the said Comm.ffi ners, such Stun or Sums of Money as to the said Commffioriers shall seem riuht and proper, for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, robe paid and payable during the natural Life or Lives of any such Person or Peffioos, or the Life or Lives of any Nominee or Nominees of such Person or P. rfons, so ihic no fi.‘ h Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a sing!ekLife, except in Cafes where the Person for whole Life any Annuity shall be paid, be of the Age of Sixty-three Years cr upwards; and the Expebce of every such Grant shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

\\7'E of the Commissioners* appointed by or

Y in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-sixth ^car of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An. cl \kere fat forth the fitle of this Acf\ in ConOderation of the Sum of paid by A.B. to C.D. the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said A.B. an Annuity or yearly Sum of to be payable and

paid out of the Rates or Assessments to be raised or made by virtue of the said Act; which Annuity or yearly Sum of shall be paid to the said A B. or his Assigns, during the Term of his natural Life [cr, to the said A.B. his Executors Administrators, of Assigns, during the natural Lite of C.D. as the Case may be1 by equal Half-yearly Payments, on the Day ot

and Day of in every Year, with a

proportionable Pa-t up to the Day of his Death; the fi;ft Payment thereof to be made upon the Day of

next ensuing the Date heieof. In Witness whereof we the said Commissioners have hereunto set our H inds and Seals, the Day of in the Year

And

46° GEORGII III. Cap. iii. s+|.

jlrui every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in ihe Law, without a Inrolnv. nt or ftrgishy of the Memorial thereof; and every fu< h Annuity so granted as aforesaid shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall he payable and paid by the Treasurer to the Paid CommissiontT', one oi the Rates or Assessments and other Money to be received by virus Oi this Act, according to the Grant of such Annuity.

CV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the P r- pJwerof f n entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed upon ^ja0nr‘te, T>nj lawful Interest: as aforesaid, or to be r.dfed by the granting of Annuities as and aforesaid, and their rtfptftve Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at ,iL; ma pr*e^ any Time by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer Itch Se* fcnbe<* *ona, curries to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer may be in the Words or to the Eft & following; that is to say,

\A.B. being entitled to ihe Sum of cr an

Annuity of [as the Case nay If] by virtue of an

Argument [or. Grant of an An uity 1 bearing ivt-: the

Day of under the Han su-..d Seals of the Comrrif-

fijners acting in the Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the ‘ Forryftixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Kng George the Third,-

nf i h ilfed. An Act There jet forth the Title of this Ac], upon the Credit of the Rates or Afleuinvnts raised or mad- by virtue of the said Act, do

h<--eby transfer all my Righr, Title, a-: ’ t’erect in and to the same Sum

[V, Annuity], and all In ter eft and ot . r Money now due and owing thereon, and all Benefit and Advanhg to be hud cr made thereby, to c E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Day of in the Year of our

L >rd

And the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer may he made, his> her, or tfieir Executors or Administrators, may from Time to Lime traoffer such Security for Money or Annu'ty to any other Person or Persons whomsoever in a similar Way; and a Opy of every Security, Grant, or Assignment which shall he made in purfuar.ee of this Act, and an Kx craft of rverv Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for th3t Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which Extract shall Ipecity and contain the Dare, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which B ok any Perfo interested shall at all fealonable Times have Acccls, and have free Liixrty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of cverv such Transfer, ihr laid Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be fnade, the Sum ot Three Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Perth n to Whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Adm niftr'a-for-, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, with* out any other Kegiftry or Inrolment whatsoever.

CVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ete y Assignment or Mortgage which shall be made by virtue of this Act, for any Sum m- :>c re-of Money whi !» shall be borrowed by the Lid Commissioners on the Creditof hc Lid Rates or AlTdfmentsas herein-before is mentioned, (hdl and licneri. may be redeemed by the la d Commissioners at loch Times and in such Manner as the Paid Commissioners shall think Hc» S Calendar Months

previous

2416 46° GEORGII III. Cap. lif-

previous Notice having been given to the Person or Persons entitled to inch Sum lent on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments by ti e laid Comm flioners of their Intention of redeeming the fame; and full Pvrm-nt of the Principal Money so borrowed, and Interest after the Rare at which the same shall be so borrowed, being made to such Person or Persons, arid he, she, or they may and are authorized to call for the Payment thereof, as he, she, or they shall think ft , giving the like Notice to the said Commissioners or then Clerk.

Interest on CVII. And be it further enacted, That in cafj the Inrert-ft for the said ^ortSages» or *he said Annuires, or any Part thereof, shall be behind f»ow m be ie and tmp.dd by the Space of Thirty Days next after the lame shall become covmU. due and be payable as aforesaid, and hive been demanded, then it shall be lawful for the lad Commissioners, and they are hereby rtquired, on Application to them made by any Creditor or Creditors whole Interest, Annuity or Annuities shall be so in Arrear, by any Order under their; Hands and Seals, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the said Rates or AfTrflments; and that the Money so to be received by such Person or Persons shall be so received to and for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons to whom such Interest, Annuity or Annuities in Ar.e. r shall be due, and shall be paid to him, her, or them accordingly; ana when the Interest, Annuity or Annuities so in Arrear, as well a-> the Interest, Annuity or Anr u ties which shall accrue and grow due whilst the Person or Persons so to be appointed as atcicsaid shall be in the Receipt of such Rates and AC felfments together with the Costs and Charges of recovering, receiving, and paying over the fame in Manner afortfad, shall be fully satisfied and paid, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid, shall cease and be it an End j or other ife if such Creditor shall think proper, such Interest, Annuity or Annuities so due and in Arrear as aforesaid, shall and may be sued for and recovered by him, htr, or them, with Costs of Suir, by an Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,

Expenceitf CVIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to be raised A<a- and received by virtue of this Act, the Costs, Charges, and Expences of

obtaining and patting this Act, or incident theret o and the Interest of the Money which shall have been advanced for those Purposes, shall in the first place be paid and discharged.

Penalty CIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at

twptiMg orlCr any A‘me ot Times obflrufl, hinder, or molrft any of the Commission-aOauinrig ers, or any Treasurer, Secretary, Clerk, Assessor, Collt&or, Receiver, Workmen. Surveyor, Waichrr.en, Scavenger, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, arc, or shall oe employed by virtue of this Act, or any Bye L*\v, Rule, or Order, made in pursuanca thereof, in the Performance of his or their Duty, or of any of the Ma*-ters cr Things to' be clone in virtue or under the Authority of the same respectively, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

The Mvde of

AppHcan 1 >n°of be it further enabled, That all Penalties and Forfeitures im-

pufa tiesVnd posed or incurred under or by virtue of this A£, or any Bye Law, Rule,

Forfeiture*. Of

or O.der to be made in pursuance thereof, and all Costs, Charges, and Ex pc? ces allowed, ordered, or dirtied to be paid by the Authority of ttm Act, or any such Bye Law, Kale, cr Order, the Manner of recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed, shall be levied by Dill refs and Sale, of the Offender* Coo ls and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace, for the Coumv, Guy, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where :he Offender shall be or reside, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required td issue, upon Confection of the Party or Parties offending , or u pon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath (or Affirmation) and the Overplus o the Money, if any, anfing by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattel®, aE'.r deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of Hoovering lucn Penalties and Forfeitures , and all such Penalties and For-" when recovered, shall if not herein directed to be otherwise ap-pi.;:-', -.t: pa«d to the'l reasurer of the said Commissioners, and bo applied by bii ' such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners shall th:nk hr j and in case sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found, or fu ll Penalties or Forfeitures shall not forthwith be piid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice, and he is hereby authorized and requi ed. by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit luc h Offender or Offenders to the Bn-eyvell or House of Coirection in the Town of Cheltenham, or to any other Bridewell, Pril'on, or Huufe of Correction in or for the County of Glou.eJUr, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unld such Pen aides and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be looner paid or satisfied.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all Notices and Summonfeft Mannerof^ which are directed or required to be given by this Act, or which are or serving may be directed or required to be given by any Bye Law, Rule, or Order to be made in nuifiunce of this Act, or which shall or may be necessary for carry ing into Execution any of the Powers of this Act, orany or either of such Bye Law?, Rules, cr Orders, of which the Manner of serving the fame is not particularly directed by rhis Act, shall or may be served personally on the Person or Persons to whom such Notices respectively are to be given, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode.

CTTT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person P^'.’ons dull be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or to be within Forfeitures'inflicted by virtue of this Act, for any Offence or Offences SlxMon,liv against this Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule, or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, unless feme Proceedings or Notice of lbme intended Proceedings shall be had or given according to the Direction of this Acfe or of such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, reflecting such Offence or Offences, within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall in Cafes of be brought a gain ft any Person or Persons for any Thing relating to *per this or the said recited Act, or the Powers herein contained, or any Bye fanscMvto. Law, Rule, or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, and a Verdict *Jl?,pa£ , shall be had and given against: the Defendant or Defendants therein, such U e 0 Defendant or Defendants shall pay Double Costs, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fych A A ion or Actions shall have such Remedy or Remedies ptW* w Pfr.] 2J G fut

2418 46u GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

for recovering the lame, asanv Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for Ills, her, or their Costs in any other Cale say Law.

Declaring Inhabitant* to be competent Witnesse* in Action;} &e.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That in any Action, Profccotion, Information, Proceeding, or Suit whatsoever, relit j^g to or concerning the Execution of this or the said recircd Act, cr of any Bye Law, Rule, or Order made in pursuance thereof, no Person shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his or her being rated or assefied to, or paying any of the Rates cr Assessments to be imposed by virtue of this or the said recited Act; nor shall any Clerk to the said Commissioners be deemed to be incompetent to g:ve Evidence in any Action or Actions in which he is not personally interclted, and in which he is made Plaintiff or Defendant, merely in conirquence of his Situation as such Cieik as aforesaid.

f< r compel- CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

i«Miance^t" be jummoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence btfou ar.y Juf-Witness*!. tice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matters of Fast contn nc^i in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this or the said recited Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule, or Order made in pursuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Prosecutors or of the Ptrfor. or P r-fons complained of, and which Summons such Justice or Justices as aforesaid are hereby authorized to issue, where and in such Gales only as such Justice or Justices as aforesaid is and are made competent by this Act to hear and determine the fame; and if any such Person or Persons so sum-mored as aforesaid, shall refute or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a renfonabie Excuse for such his, her, or their Refi.fal or Neglect, to be approved of by such Justice or Justices, or appearing shall rrfufe to be examined on Oath (or on solemn Affirmation) and to give Evidence before such Justice or ji dices, then ami in every such Case, every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Form of On-Oftciiden.

CXVI. And, for the more easy convicting of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule, or Order to be made in virtue or pursuance thereof, and over which such Justice or Justices has or have hereby Cognizance, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following *, that is to lay.

iter, "i r>E it remembered, That on this =rj b _ Day of

County of Gloucctter,

(or other C.'our.ty a the Case may be.)

in the Year of our Lord A. S. is duly convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

of having [hen state the Offence] contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided [cr, contrary to a certain B;e Law, Rule, or Order made on the Day of

purfoar.t to the said Statute [as the Case may be]; and I [or, we, as lie Caje may be] do declare and adjudge th.t the said A.B. hath forfeited for his [or her, as lie Case may be] laid Offence, the Sum of Given under my Hand [or, our-

Hands,

2419

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

Hinds, [as the [Case may be} the Day and Year first above writ-

ten.*

CX7IL And be it further ena&eJ, That in all Cafes where the said power to ad. Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are by this minuter Ad, or shall or may be by any Bye Law, Rule, or Order to be made in °'lbs* pursuance thereof, authorized or required to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and Justice or Justices respectively, to administer such Oath or Affirmation; and that if any Person or Persons shall upon his, her, or their Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices respectively, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons lo offending and being, thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are (object and liable to.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Juf- Power for tice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted ^'cAnow-of any Offence against this or the said recited Act, or against any Bye antes to In-Law, Rule, or Order made in pursuance hereof, if he or they shall think fornur* fit, to allow and pay any Part of the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture which shall be imposed upon and received of any such Offender convicted before him or them of any such Offence a* aforesaid (unless herein other wile di-recred) not exceeding One-half Part thereof, to the Informer or Informers, against such Offender, in such Shares and Proportions as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet.

CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- Appeal, son 01 Persons shall think himself, heifeif, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessmcut which shall be made or be demanded in pursuance of this or the said recited Acr, after an Appeal nude to the said Commissioners in Manner by this Act directed, against such Rate or Assessment j or if ary Pet son or Persons shall think himself, herfeif, or them-ielves aggrieved by any Order, Judgtment, or Determination of the said Commissioners, or by any Penalty imposed, or by any Conviction made, or by any other Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, or of any Bye Law, Rule, or Order to be made in pursuance thereof,

(save and except in such Cases where any Order, Judgement, or Determination is herein directed to be final or conclusive, and save and except in such Cases for which any other Method of Relief is herein appointed), such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Goucester, within Six Calendar Months next afar the Cause of Complaint shall have arilen, or at any Adjournment of such SclBon, the Person o Persons appealing rirft giving or cat:fin to be zivea to the Clerk to the said Commissi ;ners Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and o* heCause or Matter thereof, and forth 1 ith after such Notice, entering i to i ieedg^ nizan^e before some Justice of he Peace for such County, wiih.sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Custs as shall be awarded by 'he Justices at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof j and the Justices at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof.

4 20

Justices m.iy rtlieVe on rip«

E£fT

Proceedings not to be quallied or re-

Persons appealing to liavc a Copy

of hi* Conviction delivered to him.

46° GEORGII III. Cep.; 17.

thereof, upo due Proof of such Notice having been give a, and f/f ftfcK Recognizance having been cnteied into as aforesaid, fhaif ht-ar and finally chtermioe every such Appeal in a luminary Way, and award such Colts to the Party appealing or appealed, aaamil as the salt! Justices shall think rdper, and shall and may at their Difereiion chfJuT.e or mitigate all 0i any of the Penalties or Porleitores incurred by the Party or Parties appealing; and the Determination of the said Julikes in their fiid General Quarter Stfiidns or Adjourn mem thereof, shall be final, binding, andcon-elusive to all Intents and Puipufes whatsoever.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That on any Appeal from any Rare or Rates, Affflment or Adefiments to be made by the said Ctnnmissioners for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall and may amend the fame if they shall think proper, tn such Manner as may be needfary for giving Relief to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate aggrieved, without quashingor alteiing such R ite or Rates, Affeftmenc or Aflcftmenrs, with respect to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Cor-poraie, or Collegiate, mentioned in the lame; b tr if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Rates, AlfdTmem or Assessme us, it shall be found ne-cenary to set aside the fame, then and in such Case the Did Justices shall and may order a new Rate or Rates, Assessment or AfftIfments, to be made in Manner he:ein directed,

CXXI. And be it further enacted, Thar no Order, Verdict, Rare, Assessment, Judgement, Conviction, or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Offence against this Act, or any Bye Law or Order to be made in pur-fuar.ee thereof, shall be qudhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster j any Law 01 Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person shall appeal from and against any Determination or Conviction as aforesaid, the Justice or Justices making such Determination or Conviction, shall upon the Request of the Person appealing, deliver cr cause to be delivered to such Person, his or her Attorney or Agent, a Copy of such Determination or Conviction, at least Twelve Days before such Appeal is to be tried, for which Copy the Person applying for the same shall pay to the Laid Justice or Justices, his or their Clerk or Clerks, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; but if it shall happen that the said Justice or Justices cannot conveniently cause the said Determination or Conviction to be drawn up, so as to be delivered Twelve Days before such Appeal is to be tried, then the said Determination or Conviction shall be returned to and filed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Gloucpfler; and in that Cafe the Hearing of the said Appeal shall (land over and be adjourned to the then next Quarter Sessions, when and where the same shall be finally determined in Manner aforesaid*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Dill refs Hull be naj made for any Sum of Money to be icvie<- by virtue otihisor the said recited Act, or of any Bye Liw, Rule, or O der to be made in pursuance oi F thereof, the Distress itself shall not btf deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Panic:* making the same be deemed a T ref puffier or i refi afLis on account of any Deft it or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, "Warrant of Distrcf, or other Proceeding rcl iting thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Treipuffers ab init e, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties lo distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Tnfbma-tion Hi all be commenced against any Perl >n r>r Persons for any Thing done o; or to br done tinder or by virtue of this Act, or of any Bye Law. Rule, or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, signed by the intended Plaintiff or Pbint !?, of the Cause and Intention of, and for commencing such Action or Suir, nor at any Time whatsoever, after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, for which such Action or Act ons,

Suit or Suits, shall be brought *, and in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then not after Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall ctafe; and in case no such Tender as aforesaid shall be made before an Action brought, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court wherein such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sjm of Money as he, fire, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and judgement shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court; and all such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Gloucester, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought.

Mas done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or of some Bye Law, Rule, or Order made in pursuance thereof j and if the fame Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time herein-before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and also if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions or Judgement, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or if any Verdict shall pass upon the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall [Loc. OfiVrJ 37 h have

2422

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his, her, or their Cods in any other Cafes by Law.

Thit AS not CXXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained the^f'htsbf extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, I'.-if n, or defeat any the Lord of Right, Interest, Property, Power, Privilege, Franchise, or Authority of ths Manor. the R ight Honourable Lord Sherbmt as Lord of the Manor of Cheltenham aforesaid, or as Lord of the Fairs and Markets within the said Town; but all and every such Rights, Interelb, Property, Powers, Privileges, Fran-chises, and Authorities, may be exercised and enjoyed in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame were exercised and enjoyed before the passing of this Act.

JubiiikAO. CXXVI, And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by Gsorb* Eyrx and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 11 8.

An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Town of Daventry, in the County of Northampton; and for regulating the Market there j and for enabling the Bailiff-, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Daventry, to purchase the Moot Hall, and to rebuild the same.

[i 2th July 1806.I

WHEREAS the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Town of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, are not properiv paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject t > various Nuisances and Annoyances, and in many Places unsafe for Carriages: And whereas it will tend greatly to the Comfort and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the Laid Town, and 10 all Persons resorting thereto, or travelling through the fame, ifProvisions were made for paving, cleansing, lighting,watching, and improving the said Town, and for regulating the Market thereof: And whereas the Moot Hall, being the PJice of holding the General Sessions of the Peace and the Court of Record of the Borough of Daventry, and the several Meetings of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough, is very much out of Repair, and it is neceflitry that the fame should be taken down, and Powers given to the said Bailiff, Burgestes, ajid Commonalty, to purchase such Moot Hall, and the Scite threof, for the Purpose of building and erecting a new Moot Hall1. But *s the several Purposes afoffesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore plea fe Your Majesty, That it may b£ v \Lo(, Ptr.] 27 / enacted,

3+26 46° GEORGII in Cap. 11%.

enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Cernmlfljon- r*iy the fame. That the Bailiff, Recorder, Deputy Recorder, and Cjs Name*. Burgesses of the Borough of Daiientty for the Time being; Williani Adams, John Adams, Thomas Adams, Joseph Bull, Edward Bull, John Blencowe, John Planer Clarke, Richard Clarke, Samuel Cox, Richard Cole, Thomas Dunklcy, William Fallow field. Clerk, Charles Garden, Samuel Wyment llarrifcn, John Hall, Samuel Johnson the elder, Samuel JchnJon the younger, Edward "Jones, Edward Lamb, John Morgan, Edward Aland, Thomas Alar fell, William Morris, Andrew Mieres, Simon Oakden, William Percival, William Lucas Rrfe, Clerk, William Rosie, Thomas Robins, Thomas Rogers, Samuel Smith, Clerk, Thomas Sanders, Charles Watkins, William Watkins, William Wilkins, John Wilkin [on, Thomas Wilkinson, John Waterfield, Thomas Waterfield, John Williams, Clerk, John Alctcalfe Wardle, George Watson, Robert Wildegofe,

Webb, and their Successors to be defied as herein mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

For electing

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the new c<jm- Commissioners hereby named, or to be elected as hereinafter is mentioned Biissioners. (five and except Inch several Persons as are herein declared to be Commissioners by virtue of their respective Offices as aforesaid) shall die, or refuse to ad in the Execution cf this Act, then arrd in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners-, or any Five or more of them, from time to time, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, to elect another Perform in the Place of each Commissioner so dying or refusing to sd, provided that Notice of the Time and Place for every such Election shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by fixing the fame on the Door of the Parish Church of Daventry aforesaid, and by advertising such Notice in The Northampton Mercury (if then published, and if nor then in fame other Newspaper circulated in or near the said Borough) at least Ten Days before the Meeting for every such Election; and every Person so elected shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, in all Respects whatsoever, as if he had been named a Commissioner in and by this Act,

Qualification

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person (ex-of Commif- cept the Bailiff, Recorder, Deputy Recorder, and Burgesses of the said Uoners. Borough of Daventry for the Time being) shall be capable of acting

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, except in administering the Oath hereinafter mentioned in the first Inltance (which Oath any One or more of the Commissioners is and are hereby empowered to administer) tuiless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the

Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Parish of Daventry, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent to same Person having an Ellate in Lands, Tentmmts, or Hereditaments within the said Parish, of the clear yearly Value of One Hundred Pounds, or shall be posseflfed of and entitled to Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of One Thousand Pounds, or

be

46° GEORG.1I III. Cap. 118. 2427

be rated by virtue of this Act at Fifteen Pounds, and until such Pet fort (not being Heir Apparent as aforesaid) shall have taken and subscribed an Oath ui the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say

J A. R. do swear, That I am duly qualified to act as a Commissioner Oath*

in the Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fixifi

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intitutlrd ‘An Act

(here repeal the 7itle of this /IB} according to the Provisions and Di-‘ rections of the said Act, and that I will truly and impartially, according to the belt of my Skill and Judgment, aft in the Execution of the

Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner, in and by rtie

said Act of Parliament*

So help me GOD*.

And if any Person (except as aforesaid) not being so qualified, shall pre- penalty so> fume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for fling of not every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Efibign, Proieflion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so lued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or othtrwiie shall pay the said Penalty, without any ocher Proof Or Evidence being given on the Pan of the Plainciff or Profcdutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act ( and the Money so to be recovered shall, after Payment of the One Moiety Colls and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, he paid one Moiety or Penalty to to the Informer or Prosecutor, and the other to the Treasurer of the be paid »o the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purprtfes of this Act: Provided JjieMo^he* always, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Commission-Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, although er». not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Oifence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified to act a* such Commissioner or Commissioness according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Commissioner appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be capable of adtingor voting as such in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested, or during the Time lie shall hold any Office of Profit under, or be concerned in any Contract made by virtue of this Act.

V. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Bailiff, Recorder, and such of the said Burgesses who shall be Joffices of t^Jualxn the Peace for the said Borough, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act within their Jurisdictions, notwithstanding the if being Commissioners, except only in such Cases wherein they are personally interested.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Time and Two or more of them, shall and may meet and assemble at the Wheat Place of Sheaf Inn, in Daventry aforesaid, on the Second Thursday after the Meeiingj*

No Cots-

hold any PlftCr Of Profit, or aft wherein interested.

2428 4&*' GEORGII III. Cap. n3.

passing of this Act, or so soon thereafter as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in order to put this Act in Execution, and shall and Aojoura* may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to ment. and meet a: the Wheat Sheaf Inn aforesaid, or at any other convenient Place within the said Town, and between the Hours aforesaid, as they, or the major Part of them present at such Meeting, shall appoint j and if it should so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting of the said Commissioners a sufficimt Number of Commissioners to act or to adjourn to another Day (Two Commissioners to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment) or if the said Commissioners shall refuse or But if no neglect to adjourn, or shall adjourn, and it shall-be deemed necessary that ^e^tanothe a ^eel*n" ldK^ Commissioners should be holden on an earlier Day

Mcecing°n)ay l^an H*y to wh'ch such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and be held, on in every such Case any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or the Notice. Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, shall and may cause such Meeting to be holden on such Day, between the Hours aforesaid, by Notice in Writing (such Notice being signed by the Commissioners so calling such Meeting, or by the said Clerk, to be affixed on the Door of the said Parish Church of Daventry, at least Seven Days before such Meeting) as they or he shall think proper j and at all Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act the Commissioners shall defray their own Expences; but no Act of the said Commissioners (except that of no Act Adjournment as aforesaid) shall be good or valid, unless made or done at valid unisfs some public Meeting held by virtue of this Act, lave and except as may be herein excepted.

All Powers of the Act to be exercised by a Majority

all Veet-?s,a Chair.

5 be

TlQu’ef-is tobede-Dined by lajoriiy.

VII. Provided always, and be it further ensdird, That all the" Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to, or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from time to time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any public Meeting to be holden as herein mentioned, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being lei's than Fivej and all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effedfc as if the fame were made or done by all the said Commissioners for the Time being slave and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Commissioners a Chairman shall and may be appointed by the said Commissioners; and uhen and as often as it shall happen that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any Question (including the Chairman’s Vote) the Chairman shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

No Or^er to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said be revoked, Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall be revoked or altered at any M*c?i»atfar subsequent Meeting, unless at some Meeting ro be holden for that ex-that Pofpose, pr«Is purpose (of which Meeting Ten Days Notice in Writing shall be and a greater given, therein expressing the Revocation or Alteration, signed by the Number re- Commissioners deRring such Revocation or Alteration, by affixing the ^la'Vtbe" fame on l^,cr ^oor Par*n Church of DazenJry aforesaid) nor unless

has. a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend to revoke or alter such Cider than were present when the fame was made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise nocwkhstanding.

46s GEORGII III. Cap. 118. 24ig

IX. And Be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be Proceedings

made in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, of all the jj

Arts. Orders, Directions, Regulations, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, relative to the Execution of this Act; and of the Names of

all such Commissioners as shall be present at the respective Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of this Act; and such Entries shall be signed or fubl’cribed by the Chairman of each respective Meeting, and by the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or either of them, and such respective Entries; being so subscribed as aforesaid, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cafes; Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of or by virtue of this Act; and all such Books shall at any of the respective Meetings of the said Commissioners, and at all Other seasonable Times; be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every the said Commissioners, and of all and every Person rated and aflrffed for the Purposes of this Act, and also of all and every the Creditors on the Rates hereby granted and made payable.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Commissicr.-for the said Commissioners, from time to time to elect and appoint a «rs may ap-Treasurer and a Clerk, and also one or more Assessor or Assessors, Col- osi" lector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Rates or Assessments c'"

to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such or so many other Officers as they shall find necessary for the Execution of this Act, and the said Commissioners shall take from every such Treasurer, Collector, and Receiver, such Security as they shall think proper for the due Execution of his Office; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from time to time to remove, suspend, or displace all or any of such Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint another or others in the Room or Place of them as shall be so removed, suspended, or displaced, and also in the Room of such as shall die, or resign their respective Offices, and also from time to time, by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town, to appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances, to the repfeftive Officers, and to all other Persons who shall be employed by them the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, as they shall judge reasonable or proper; and all such Officers and Persons so to be wr;tte, Ac-appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands (at such Time and Times, counts to and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct) deliver to Commission-the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things Committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers and Persons respectively received by virtue of or for the Purposes of the Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments and Disburse-t ments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they fweJ, shall appoint to receive the same; and all the said Officers and Persons they arejuR. respectively, so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer) verify their said Accounts; and [Lee. W Per.] 27 K if

46° GEORGII ill. Cap. 118.

0^ R.e'-ufi

by'Commis. lior.trs, *c.

or brought before one

J tiflicefi.

For Wane of Dill refs Officers may b- committed.

if any such Officer, or other Person as aforesaid, Hull not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make ihch Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days next after being the reunto required by the said Commissioners, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of any such Officer or Person, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the lame, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the Csfus aforesaid, such Commissioners may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the

Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing

as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies chat shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, with Colls of Suit; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, co any one or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall be or reside, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorized, and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, to be brought before him or them, and upon his or their appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing or not being found to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Tefiimony of a credible Witness or Witnesses uopn Oath (which Oath such justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administery it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and (eking the Goods and Chattels distrained, or if it shall in Manner aforesaid appear to such Justice or Justices, that any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall refute or neglect to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Receipt or Voucher relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may commit every such Offender or Offenders so appearing, or when found, co the Common Gaol or TIoule of Correction for the City, County or Place, where such Offender or Offenders dull be or reside, there to remain,

without

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ii8. 2+31

without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he or ihey shall deliver up such Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no such Officer or Person who shall be so committed, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act, for Want of sufficient Distress, for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months.

XL. Provided always, That as often as any Person holding any Office or Place under or by virtue of this Act, shall die or resign his Office, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, then and in every i’uch Cafe it shall be lawful for the Bailiff of the said Borough of Daver,try for the Time being, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint another Officer in his Place, and the Person so appointed shall have the fame Power to ad in the Execution of this Act as the Person in whose Place he shall be so appointed, until the said Commissioners shall, at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, appoint another Officer in the Boom of the Person so dying, resigning, or being incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid any Thing herein contained xo the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to the said Commissioners shall and may, and he is hereby authorized and required, out TJe* of the Monies to be collected and received by him by virtue of this Act, of Money to pay all Sums which the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of by Order of them shall from time to time draw upon him for, or order him to pay, the Com-and the said Treasurer shall and he is hereby required to keep regular Entries in a Book or Books to be for that Purpose provided and kept, Entriei^ of all and singular his Receipts and Payments on account or in pursuance of this Act; and all such Accounts shall once a"t lead in every Year be audited, passed, and allowed (if approved) by the said Commissioners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commission-and for the said Commissioners to enter into any Contract or Contracts ers may make for paving, flagging, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Market Place, Contract*. StreetSjLanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Town of Daventry, or any of them, or for furnishingMaterials, or any Matters or necessary Things whatsoever, or for any of such Purposes i but before any such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into, Ten Days Notice at the lead shall be given in some public Newspaper circulated in the said Town of Daventry, expressing the Purpose or Purposes of such Contract or Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Contrador for the due Performance of his or her ontr ad.

Officer dying or incapable anoihet Person io be appointed.

243^ 46° GEORGII III. Cap. iiS.

Contrafisnot

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no such Contract or Contrails into^fcr*mcue ^eeme(^ g0°d or valid if the same shall have been made for a longer than Three Space or Term than Three Years from the Time of entering into fuel! Years. Contract or Contracts;

Commission-

pound with Persons for Breach of Con trails.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from time to time and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of such ContraCl or Contrails, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Conrract or Contracts, and all Cods, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

be*fitrncd b°

XVL. And be it further enacted, That every such Contract or Contracts the Com- specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be received missioners. or paid for the lame, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in Case of Nonperformance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively, which ConuaCl or Contrails shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the Commissioners.

Pavements, &c. vested in the Commissioners.

XVII. And be it further nafted, That all the present and future Pavements, Flagdones, and Curbdones, in the several Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the said Town of Daventry, and the Stones, Gravel, and other Materials of which, as well the Footways as Carriageways of such Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, do and shall confid, and also all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Polls, Watch Boxes, Watch Houses, and other Houses and Buildings, which shall be erected or fixed up by virtue of this Act by the said Commissioners, and all Materials, Implements, and other Things, which shall be purchased or provided by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy the several Articles and Things hereby vested in them the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; andyin all such Actions and Bills oflndiftment respectively, it shall be sufficiehc to date generally, that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of " The Commit " sioners for the Inprovement of the Town of Daventry, in the County of " Northampton" without particularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of such Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority from time to time to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of this Act, all or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, to such Person or Persons, in and such Manner as they the said Commissioners

shall

2433

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ni.

shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, injure, destroy, or otherwise damage any of the Articles or Things hereby vested in them the said Commissioners, or any of the Works done by them in pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be conllrued to extend to vest in the said Commissioners any of the Pavement of the Carriageways and Footways which have been paved, amended, and repaired, so long as the same shall continue to be amended and repaired by the Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in 4t the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road " from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick" save and except the said Commissioners shall contract with the said Trustees of the said Turnpike Road for the paving, maintaining, or repairing such Carriageways and Footways, which Contract or Contracts it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comissioners, and to and for the said Trustees, to make and enter into.

XIX. And whereas certain of the Inhabitants of Daventry, by reason of the Tenure of their respective Houses, have anciently been accustomed to maintain and repair the High Street in Daventry, and certain other Parts of the Streets and Places within the said Town of Daventry, and the said Inhabitants have been ul'ed to take and receive certain Profits and Advantages of the Space of Ground in the Front of their respective Houses, by setting and lecting to hire Stalls, Sheep Pens, and other Conveniencies on Market and Fair Days, and the said inhabitants who are so liable to such Repairs are desirous to be discharged from the Burthen thereof, and, in Consideration thereof, have agreed that all Profits and Advantages to be from henceforth made of the vacant Ground in the Front of their respective Houses, shall be veiled in, and received by the said Commissioners, and applied to the Purposes of this Act j BE it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing this Act, all Profits and Advantages to arise and be made from the setting and letting for hire of Stalls, Sheep Pens, or other Accommodations, in any of the Streets of the said Town (except that Part of the Market Hill the Property of John Plower Clarke, Esquire, as Lord of the Manor of Daventry, and except on any Parc of the Scite of the Moot Hall) shall be and the fame is Hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and all such Profits and Advantages shall be paid to and received by the said Coir)-missioners, or iheir 1 realurer, and be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; and in Consideration thereof the said Inhabitants shall be, and are hereby declared to be freed, exonerated, and for ever discharged from all future Charges and Expences of making, repairing, and cleansing any of the Pavements, Sewers, Drains, Grates, Sinks, Gutters, and Watercourses, within the said Town (except such Rates and Assessments as they may be subject and liable to as Owners or Occupy rs of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, for the several Purposes of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town of Daventry, and ior the Removal of Nuisances

[Lee. is! Per.] T] L and

Pavement of Turnpike Road fro n OldStrac'ord toDunchurch not vetted in the Commissioner*.

who by rea-fonof Tenure have been liable to the Repair of certain Parts of the Streets,

from future Repairs.

2434

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

and Annoyances therein); and that all such Parts of the said Town as before the pa fling of this Act were, or have been paved, repaired, or cleansed, at the separate ExpenCe of any of the said Inhabitants, shall for ever hereafter be paved, repaired, and cleansed, under the Direction of the said Commissioners.

Persons

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who

chargeable to by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work towards repairing and ScatuteDuty, amending the several Highways within the said Town of Daventry, info, tended to be paved, repaired, and amended by the said Commissioners

by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for Justices to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Daven-

determine try, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application

difference8 made to them by the said Commissioners, or by their Clerk or Surveyor,

Statute"* by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion

Work. of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Highways

by the Inhabitants of the Parish of Daventry, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of such Parish in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Commissioners, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Time and Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Seven Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within the said Parish are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed, by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect, for the Repairs of the public Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Highways as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest Time) and in such Parts of the said Highways as the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from time to time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her.

2+35

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Commissioners, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses,

Bead: or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subjeiff and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, dr shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Highways, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Commissioners, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn oft the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neglected or re-ful'ed to come, or such Team or Draught had. not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Highways, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and applied towards the amending of the said Highways; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the said Parish shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to Commission-and for the said Commissioners to compound and agree with any Person ers mavcom-or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by g°"t^efor them done on the said Highways, or any Part thereof, and also with the Work. Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, of and in the said Parish of Daventry, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants or Occupiers done on the Highways within the said Town of Daventry, intended to be paved, repaired, and amended by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Acct, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish;, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, in advance, on or before the Twenty-second Day of November, in each and every Year, otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish, shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Forgetting and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commissioners, and to and Materials for for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, Repair of cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other 5’lrcei*’ c’ Materials, for making or reparing the Highways within the said Town of Daventry intended to be paved, amended, and repaired by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this A<ff, out of or from any Waste Ground,

River, or Brook, in the Parish of Daventry, or the Hamlet of Drayton, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment,

filling

a436 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or fiopingdown the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to PafTcngers or Catt’e, and also that such Surveyor or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Commissioners (such Order to be made at some. Meeting of the said Commissioners to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds, of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found, such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and fct apart as a Nursery for Trees, making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Highways shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Commissioners shall judge reasonablej and in Cale of any Difference between the said Commissioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over, on Seven Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

Notice to be

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be given to the lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, acting under the inrlJnl* ° Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away, any Ma-Land*, before terials for repairing such Highways, out of or from any inclosed Lands Materials are or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have to be taken. been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his ul'ual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any One or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place where such Premises shall be, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds, and in case such Occupier, or his Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Commissioners, or such Justices, shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Commissioners or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Commissioners or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118. 2417

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Pecahy on whomsoever shall remove or take away any Scones or Gravel, or any iV!a-

terials laid upon such Highways, or upon any Part thereof, far the Re- by Order uf pair thereof, without the Order of the said Commissioners, or of their the Surveyor. Surveyor or Surveyors, for that Purpose, or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, or Waste Grounds, River, or Brook, for the Purpose of amending such Highway.-, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Highways, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Three Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Ule only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit and p*y for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That during the Time any Street, Where Ma-Lane, Passage, or Place, shall be new paving, flagging, or repairing, or ter,?ls {or any of the Grates, Drains, or other Sewers therein, shall be altering or {^lodged!* repairing, the said Commissioners shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street, Lane, Passage, or

t*lace, or Streets, Lanes* Passages, or Places, according to their Discretion, as also to flop the Way through that or any adjacent Highway, Street,

Lane, Passage, or Place, To long as they shall judge necessary; and the said Commissioners, and all Persons acting by or under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Action whatsoever respecting the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Paviorj and and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, to appoint such and Carters to b# so many Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, *nd°Horses and also to purchase such Horses, Cares, lools, and Implements, as to be pur-they shall judge necessary, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Ex- chafed, ccution.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power for and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and re- Commission-quired, from Time to Time to cause the several Streets, Lanes, and other ehe Streets public Passages and Places within the said Town of Davintry, or any Part &c.

or Parts thereof, as well the Carriage as Footways, to be new paved, flagged, repaired, and amended, and the Pavements and Flagging thereof to be taken up and relaid, and the Ground thereof to be raised, lowered, or altered, from time to time, in such Manner, and with such Materials, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit j and to cause to be cut or made in, through, over, or under any of the said Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, any new Tunnels, Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, or Water-courses, for conveying the Water from the same respectively, and also to cause any of the prclent Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses to be flopped up or opened, or widened, and the Form

[, Loc, fc? Per,] 27 M thereof

H38

46° GEORGII i III. Cap. lit.

thereof to be altered, turned, varied, or changed, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to take Up, remove, or cause to be taken up and removed, all or any Ports, Rails, Pales, or Trees, in such Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or any of them, as they the said Commissioners shall judge useless, or to be a Nuisance or Obstruction to Foot Passengers, Horles, or Carriages.

Pavement

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons rot to be shall at any Time take up the said Pavements and Flagging, or any Part altered with- of the fame respectively, or make or cause to be made any Alteration in fenVof tie"' any Tunnel, (*ut{er» Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse, in any Street, Commi (lion- Lane, public Passage or Place, in the said Town of Daventry, without ers. the previous Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners, every such

Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case the Person or Persons so taking up any such Pavement or Flagging, or any Part of the fame reflectively, or any such Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse, shall not, within Two Days after Notice in Writing by the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, given to or left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, cause the fame Pavement and Flagging respectively, which shall have been so taken up, to be rekifhcecf, and the Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse, so altered1, to be put into its former State, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor to the said Commissioners to cause the fame respectively co be so done, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons who shall have taken up or altered such Pavement or Flagging, Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse, or any Part thereof respectively; and in Case of Nonpayment thereof on Demand, such Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

Inhabitants to give Notice to the Surveyor when the Pavements

Rf pairs.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Hoofeholder or Househulders within the said Town of Daventry, shall make Complaint in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave the fame at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners, of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, either before or after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, Four Days before the next Meeting of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors to whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall, upon such View, find the Pavements complained of to be bad or defective, the said Commissroners shall and may order cheir Contractor or Con-tradlors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the fame within such Time as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order; and if the Contractor or Con-tradlors, Pavior or Paviors, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavements, within such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners to repair and amend the fame

then

46° GEORGII III. Cay. 1 r'fr> 2439

then and in every stich Cafe the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day that the fame bad or defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Time limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order; and one Moiety of every such Penalty null be applied and paid to such complaining Inhabitant for his or her Loss of Time and Trouble in and about the Premises; and the other Moiety shall be applied co the Purposes of this Act.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said if Surveyor Surveyor or Surveyors shall, on any such View or Views, be of Opinion shall think that the Pavement or Pavements mentioned to be bad or defective by such such Have. Householder or Householders in such Notice, is not bad or defective,

then and in such Case the said Commissioners, or any Five or more Comm’fiion-of them, shall forthwith proceed to view the said Pavement, and their Opi- ers to view nion and Order concerning the same, after such View, shall be final and lhe fame* condusive; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners or Proprietors, or his or their Lessee for the Time being of the Waterworks for supplying the Town of Daventry with Writer, and to and for any Person or Persons acting by or under his or their Authority, and also for any other Person or Persons who shall or may have any Pipe or Pipes for conveying Water from any public Main Pipe or other Waterworks, to take up any Part of the Pavement or Flagging within any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, whenever it shall be found necessary, for the Purpose of repairing or laying down any such Water Pipe, such Owners or Proprietors and other Persons respectively first causing Notice to be given to or left at the House of the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, of their Intention to take up such Pavement or Flagging for the Purposes aforesaid, and the said Surveyor shall cause such Pavement or Flagging to be properly relaid and repaired as Toon as the Work for which the same shall have been taken up shall be completed, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the relaying and repairing thereof, shall be reimbursed to the said Commissioners by the Person or Persons who shall have caused such Pavement and Flagging respectively to have been taken up as aforesaid; and in default of Payment thereof within the Space of Seven Days next after Notice in Writing, specifying the Amount of such Cods, Charges, and Expences, left by the Surveyor to the said Commissioners at the Dwelling House or last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons at whole Delire or on whose Account such Pavement or Flagging shall have been taken up, then and in every such Case such Costs, Charges, and Expences,

shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner, as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously hurt, injure, damage, or take up any Pipe Penalty on or Pipes laid down, or which may hereafter be laid down, for the Pur- per<?"* pose of supplying the said Town, or any Inhabitant or Inhabitants r?Pipe». of the said Town with Water, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and shall moreover pay such Sum or Sums

Power for the

Waterworks to take up Pavement to repair the Pipes.

2440

46" GEORG G11 III. Cap. ii8.

Sums of Money as Hiall be a full Satisfaction for the Damages so by him or her done as aforesaid; and such Damages shall be ascertained by, and may, together with the said Penalty, be recovered before any Justice of the Peace for the Borough of Daventry; and in case such Offender shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Conviction shall take place shall, and he is hereby required, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said Borough, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and such Offender shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he shall be so committed, unless such Penalty and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

Commission-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or wVe^p!"* an^ ^erIon or Pefsons acting by or under their Authority, shall, in the to make Sa- Pav*ng» ^agg'ng> repairing, or amending of any such Highways, Streets, tisfaction. Lanes, Passages, or Places, or in making or repairing any Sewer or Drain, or in otherwise carrying the Power of this Act into Execution, hurt, damage, or injure any such Water Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make Satisfaction and Compensation for the fame (on Demand made to their Treasurer) to the Owner or Owners of the Pipe or Pipes so hurt, damaged, or injured; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to make the same as aforesaid, such Satisfaction and Compensation shall and may be recovered from the said Commissioners, by an Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,

Pavement and Water Pipes when broken, by whom to be repaired.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Main Pipe or Pipes belonging to the said Waterworks, and which now lie or shall hereafter be laid under Ground in any of the said Highways, Streets, Passages or Places, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, foas to require to be repaired, then and in every such Case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, shall forthwith give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the Owner or Lessee of the said Waterworks, or one of them, who are hereby required to take up the Pavement and open the Ground at or near the Place where such Repair shall appear to be wanting, and such Owner or his Lessee are hereby required to cause or procure the Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the said Ground, and ram down the fame, within Four Days next after such Notice to be given; and as soon as such Main or Pipe shall have beenfo repaired, and the Ground so filled up and rammed down, he or they shall give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior or Concractor for the Time being of the said Commissioners, and if the said Owner or his Lessee, to or for whom such Notice shall be given or left at his or their lass: Place or Places of Abode, shall, by the Space of Four Days next after the giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take up such Pavements and open such Ground, or refuse or neglect to cause or procure such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the Ground so taken up, or to give such immediate Notice of his having (b done to the Pavior or Contractor of the said Commissioners for the Time

being.

24+1

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

being, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so respectively refusing or neglecting shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and if any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, not belonging to the Owner of the said Waterworks or his Leflce,shall happen to break, burst, or decay as aforesaid, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages,or Places, then and in every such Case the respective Owner or Owners thereof shall forthwith cause the Ground over the same to be opened, and such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, or in Case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, or altering any Main Pipe, Vault, or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so breaking or taking up, the said Pavement, or causing the same to be so broken or taken up shall, as soon as the Nature of the Work will permit, cause the Ground to be filled in, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Pavior or Contractor of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or in Case of Refusal or Neglect io to do, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and if such Pavior or Contractor, to whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be so given, shall, by the Space of Four Days next after such Notice given to him as aforesaid, refuseor neglect to relay and repair the Pavement so broken up, then and in every such Case the Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, for every Day such Pavement shall continue unrelaid or unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Notice.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of relaying the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purposes of laying down, repairing, or amending any such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, by the Owner, or his Lessee for the Time being of the said Waterworks, if such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, shall belong to the Owner of the said Waterworks, or his Lessee, or if the same shall not belong to the Owner, or his Lessee, of the said Waterworks, then by the respective Owner or Owners of such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes; and if the said Owner, or his Lessee, of the said Waterworks, or the respective Owner or Owners of such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such Charges and Expences, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame within Seven Days next after Demand thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and left at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or last Place or Places of Abode of the said Owner or Owners, or either of them, together with a Bill to be annexed to such Demand, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, then and in every such Case the Money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners of and from the Lid Owner of tr.e said Waterworks, or his Leffce, or other Person or Persons so liable thereto, by Action or Actions of Debr, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Qt His Majest.y’s Courts of Record at Westminster, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after such Demand relpeClively, in which Action or Actions, Suit or Suits respectively, no Essoign, Pro-

[Loc. ctf Per.} 27 N ccftion,

be relaid within the Space of Four Days.

Le^ee'o0/ Waterworks, to pay to the CommifEon-ers the £x-pence of new layings the Pavement when Fipea are broken.

*442

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

testion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Owners of

XXXVI. Provided likewise, and be it further enefted, Tim nothing repai/the^ in this Act: contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pre-Pavementhy vent the Owner, or his Lessee, of the Laid Waterworks, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, from taking up or repairing, by his or their own Workmen, Paviors, or Supervisors, any Part of the Pavement within the said Town, not exceeding the Distance of Two Feet from the Water Plugs, Drawing Plugs, and Fire Plugs belonging to the said Waterworks: Pi ovided nevertheless, that in case such Pavement i'o taken up by the said Owner of the Waterworks, or by his Lessee, or his or their Workmen, Paviors, or Supervisors, shall not be properly relaid to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, then upon Notice given to him or them, the said Pavement shall, within Four Days after Inch Notice, be again taken up and relaid at the Expence of the said Owner of the said Waterworks, or his Lessee, that shall have so taken up or cauled to have been taken up the said Pavement; and in case the said Pavement so taken up shall not be relaid by the space of Four Days in a proper Manner,- and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, then the Owner of the said Waterworks, or his Lessee, so neglecting to relay the said Pavement in a proper Manner, shall forfeit and pay to the said Comrruffioners the Sum of Ten Shillings, and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Pavement to be taken up and relaid by their ownWorkmen and Paviors, and thehxpence thereof shall be borne and defrayed.by the said Owner of the said Waterworks, or his Lessee, so neglecting to relay the fame in a proper Manner; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commission-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful poundw^hlT to anc* *0r Commissioners, or any Five or more of therm, from

Owner of time to time to compound and agree with the said Owner of the said Wacerwoiks. Waterworks, or his Lessee, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Poor, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing such Parts of the said Marker, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, as shall be necessary to be taken up by the Workmen of the Owner, or of the Lessee of the said Waterworks, for the Purpose of laying down, replacing, altering, or amending any of the said Mains or Pipes.

Owners of

XXXVIII. Provided ahvavs, and it is hereby further enacted and de« Pipes to relay cl<lrc(jj Jhat the Char ges and Expences of repairing or relaying the Pave-themPat"their ment which shall be bioken or taken up for the Purpose of repairing own Charge?, or amending any such Pipe or Pipes not belonging to the Owner of the Waterworks, or his Lessee, shall be paid to the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, by the respective Owner or Owners of-such Pipe or Pipes; and that the Charges and Expences of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, Drain, or Vault, and of relaying and repairing the Pavement so broken or taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, by the

Period

their own Workmen within Two l*cet of the Plug!.

2443

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lit.

Person or Persons who shall take up, or cause the Pavement, or any Part thereof, to be taken up for the Purposes aforesaid; and in case the respective Owner or Owners of Inch Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid out and Disbursed for the Purposes aforesaid, within Seven Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the ! id Commissioners for putting this Att into Execution, and left at their respective Dwelling Houses or lad Place of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto (which Notice shall contain an Account of such Charges and Expences) that then ansi in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to bring or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions against all or any or either of the respective Persons aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so laid out and expended for the Purposes aforesaid, in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or morffthan one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commission-law'ul ro and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons, and to purchase any Cart uc deanied* or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, and also any Horse or Horses, fot the Purpose o( cleansing the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Town of Daventry, and of carrying away the Dud, Dirr

Filth, Rubbish, Cinders, or Ashes from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the same; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to contract with any Person or Persons for cleansing the fame, and for carrying away the Dud, Dirt, Cinders, or Allies, from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons employed Scavengen by, or contradling with the Lid Commissioners for cleansing the Market Dmy Place, and the several Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, within the said Town Qf Daventry, or the Person or Persons employed or adfing under the Direction of such Person or Persons so cont.-acting with the said Commissioners, shall once in every Week (that is to say) on every rI hurfday, and also on such o:hcr Days, and at or between such Hours as the said Commissioners shall from time to time appoint, fwcep and coiledt together all Dud, Dirt, Filth, or Rubbish, in such Streets,

Lanes, public Pafifages and Places, and also shall bring or cause to be brought a Cart or other proper Carriage into such Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Piacc , where such Cart or other Carriages can pass, and ifcail at his or their Approach with such Cart or other Carriage, and not before, by found of bell or otherwise, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court, -

Passage or Place, into which such Cart or Carriage cannot pass, and such

Person or Persons so employed by or contracting with the said Commissioners, shall immediately take the Dud, Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Allies, and other Filth (except Filth from any Privy or Necessary Ploufe) from the respective Premises in such several Streets, Lanes, public Padages and Places, and put the fame into such Cart or Carriage, all which Dud,

Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Allies, and Filth (except as aforesaid) as well as all such Dud, Dirt, Dung, Allies, and other Filth, as shall befwept up and . v cclkdleJ

2444

For preventing Person® from throw->"g Dirt into the Streets.

Penalty rot to extend to Robbish or Dirt occasioned by

repairing

Houses.

No Person

but the Scavenger to remove any

Dirt, DuAf kc.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ri8.

collected together as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall then immediately, or as loon as may be, carry away or causeto be carried away to the Place or Places appointed for depositing the fame, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Offence or Neglectc therein; and the Person or Persons so employed or contracting as aforesaid, shall cause the words <c Scavengers Cart" to be painted in large Roman Letters on the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of every Cart or Carriage used for the Purposes aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Neglect therein.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall throw, caff, or lay, or cause to be thrown, caff, or laid, any Duff, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Ashes, or other Filth whatsoever, into or in any Street, Lane, or other public Passage or Place, within the said Town of Daventry (except as herein excepted) every such Person so offending shall Jor every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; or if any Person or Persons whosoever shall throw or caff any such Duff, Dirr, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Ashes, or other Filth or Thing whatsoever, into any Sewer, Drain, Sink, or Watercoufe, under the Direction of the said Commissioners within the said Town, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XLII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any Person whomsoever to any Penalty by this Act inflicted for or on account of any Rubbish or Dirt being laid or placed in such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place as ^foresaid, occasioned by the building, pulling down, altering, or repairing his or her House or other Building, so as there be full and sufficient Space in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor for the Time being, left in or at the Side of the Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, where such Rubbish or Dirt shall lie or be placed, for Carriages to pass and repass, and a sufficient Way kept clean for Foot Passengers, by the Person or Persons laying or causing such Rubbish or Dirt to be laid or placed, and so as a sufficient Light be ac his, her, or their own Expence, set and maintained at the Place where such Rubbish or Dirt shall be folaid or placed from Sunset to Sunrifc, to prevent any Mischief happening to Passengers or Cattle, and so as the fame be inclosed and fenced about in such Manner, and within such Time as the said Commissioners shall, by any Notice to be by their Order given to or Jefe with such Person or Persons, direct and appoint, and so as such Rubbish or Dirt be removed at the Expence of the Person or Persons so laying or causing the same to be laid, within a Time to be expressed in a Notice to be in like Manner given by the said Commissioners.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever, other than the Person or Persons employed by or contracting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the several Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places within the said Town, or the Person or Persons employed by or acting under the Direction of the Person or Persons so contraCling as aforesaid, shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken or carried away, any Duff, Dirt, Dung, Ashes, or other Filth, out of any of such Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places as

aforesaid.

2605

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from preserving and keeping any Soil, Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, which shall have arisen or have been made within his, her, or their Houses, Yards, or other Premises, or for making Use of the fame, for the Purpose of manuring any Lands in his, her, or their own Occupation, so as such Soil, Dirt, Dust, Cinders, Dung, Ashes, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, be not laid down or placed in any Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, within the said Town of Daventry, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for loading and carrying away the fame, nor be suffered to remain f> as to be any Annoyance to any of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Daventry 1 but in case any Person or Persons, reserving such Soil, Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, shall thereby annoy any of the said Inhabitants, or shall permit or suffer the same to remain in any such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, for any longer Time than Two Days before the same shall be carried away or removed, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, for every Day that such Annoyance shall be suffered to remain after the Time limited as aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Occupiers of Houses and other Buildings in the several Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, within the said Town of Daventry, shall, and they are hereby required to cause to be well and sufficiemly cleansed and l'wept the Foot-wa\s or Fooj Pavements before, behind, and at the Sides of their respective Houses or other Buildings (as the Situation thereof shall require) and also so much of the Carnage-way as shall extend One Foot beyond the Channel or Gutter next to such Footpaths or Ways, at such Days and Times, and before such Hours, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, upon pain of forfeiting and paying for every Neglect therein any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall empty any Necessary House, or carry any Night Soil along the Market Place, or any Street, Lane, or other public Paffege or Piace, within the said Town of Daventry, before the Hour of Eleven at Night, in any Part of the Year, or after the Hour of Four in the Morning between Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, or after the Hour of Six in the Morning between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day, or put or cast any Night Soil in or near the said Market Place, or any of the Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, every Person so offending shall for every such Office forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, without the previous Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners, make or branch any Dram into any public Sewer or Dram under the Management or Direction of the said Commissioner?, every such Person 1b offending shall, for every such Sewer or Drain, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and all private Sewers or Drains fc? Per.] 37 0 now

Persons to be at Libe ty to keep or dispose of Dull, &c. for their own Use.

Direction fot

sweeping

Footways,

Time of emptying necessary Houses di. reded.

Private Drains not to be made without Confer. t of the Commissioners; and if

made by their

244-6

Leace to be

cleaufeo by their Order.

Vrovision for lighting the Streets, &c.

Penalty for wilful Da-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

now made, or which shall hereafter, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, be made within any Street, Lane, public Passage or Place within the said Town of Daventry t and which do or shall issue into any public Sewer or Drain under the Management or Direction of the said Commissioners,shall be repaired and cleansed under the Diredion of the Surveyor or other proper Officers of the said Commissioners, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or the respective Owners of the Houses, Lands, or Tenements, to which such private Sewer or Drain doth or shall belong; and such Costs and Charges, to be ascertained and, settled, in Case of Dispute, by some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Daventry, shall, on Non-payment thereof on Demand, be levied and recovered by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or respective Occupiers of the Premises; and all such Occupiers, their Executors and Administrators, are hereby empowered to dedud and retain out of their respective Rents, such Costs and Charges as they respectively shall pay for or on beh-lr of the Owner or respective Owners of such Premises respectively, which Costs and Charges so paid shall be considered as Money actually paid for Rent due, or to become due, to such Owner or respective Owners, who shall allow the Deduction upon the Receipt of the Remainder of his, her, or their Rent or respective Kents.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That.it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comm'(Boners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, and at any Time or Times hereafter, to purchase and provide such and so many Glass Lamps of such Sorts and Sizes, and also such and so many Lamp Irons and Lamp Posts, as they shall judge necessary, and to direct the same to be affixed or let up upon or against the Walls or Paiiladoes of all or any of the several Houses or Buudmgs, or upon or against any other Walls, or in or upon such other Places wr.fiin the said Town, and to be altered, taken down, of renewed, in such Manner as they shall think fit, and to cause such Lamps, or any of them, to be lighted at such Seasons of the Year, on such Evenings, and on such Hours of the Evening, and to be kept burning for lo many Hours as shall to them icem necessary or proper for the well and sufficiently lighting of all-or any of the said Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, within the said Town.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, displace, or damage any Lamp or Lamps already let up, or that shall be setup, by virtue of this Act, by Order of the said Commissione-s, or any Person or Persons at his, her, or their own Expence, (or the Purpose of lighting any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages or Plates, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or shall throw down or damage the Posts, Irons, Covers, or other Furniture of any such Lamp, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to assist in seizing thp Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Watchman or Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough ol Daventry i and such justice shall proceed to examine, upon

Oath,

2447

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

Oath, any WItnffs or Witnesse? who shall anpear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and ;f the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted, either by his, he-, or their Confession, or upon foci Information or Evidence as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, he, she, and they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and shall moreover pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be d<emed by such Justice to he a full Satisfaction for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid j and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justiceis hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said Burough, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unlel's such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps, hung out or fee up by Order of the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Expence, or the Posts, Irons, Covers, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Daventry, upon Complaint to him made by one or more credible Witness or W unelfes, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for so doing such Damage as aforesaid, and upon hearing the Allegation and Proof on both Sides, or on Nonappearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to the other Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps (as the Case shall be) for such Damages, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in Case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Five Days after Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is heieoy required, to cause the same to be raised and levied in such and the like Manner as any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, are by this Act directed to be raised and levied.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, if they think fit, from Time to Time appoint such Number of able bodied Men as they shall judge proper, to be employed as Watchmen wichin the said Town of Daventry during the Night-time, under such Regulations, and subject to such Orders as the Lid Commissioners shall make and give from Time to Time in that Behalf, and to provide proper Watch Houes, Watch Boxes, or Places for the Reception of such Watchmen, and for safe Custody of such Persons as may be apprehended by such Watchmen while on Duty, and to pay such Watchmen reasonable Wages or Allowances, and also to appoint one or more fit Person or Persons in the Stead of any Watchman or Watchmen who shall die, or who shall be discharged from his or their Office for Neglect of Duty or other Mish-hnviour in Office, and

Satisfaction for accidental Damage to Lamps.

Power for Commission cs (oappoint Watcnmtn.

,-44^ 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

also to impose from Time to Time any Fine, not exceeding Ten Shillings, on any Watchman or Watchmen for every such Neglect or other Misbehaviour (such Fine to be deduced out of the Wage9 of such Watchman or Watchmen) and from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations as they the said Commissioners shall judge expedient for the better Government of the Watchmen to be so appointed, and to repeal such Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and to substitute others } and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Watchmens Watchmen, and they are hereby required, in their respective Stations, ^olf* to apprehend and secure, in some proper Place or Places of Security to be for that Purpose appointed, within the said Town of Daventry, all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and Disturbers of the public Peace, and all suspected Persons, who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to conduct all such Persons, as soon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Daventry, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

Penalty on

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of any

Victuallers Public House shall knowingly harbour or entertain, or foffer to remain

Watchmen *n or ^er ^u^lC House any such Watchman as aforesaid, during while on any ^art Time appointed for his being on Du y, every such

Duty. Victualler or Keeper shall, on Conviction, forfeit and pay for the First: Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for the Second and every other Offence of the same Kind any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Power to re- LI I. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ward disabled and for the said Commissioners to give such Rewards in Money to the Watchmen. Watchmen respectively, to be appointed as aforesaid, who may be diC* abled or wounded in the Execution of their Office, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, such Money to be paid out ot cne Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

Occupiers of Houses »o

Poll;* Sign*

LI IT. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House, Building, or Tenement within the said Town, shall, and he and lhe is hereby required, at his or her own Costs and Charges, within Fou teen Days after Notice in Writing, signed by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, delivered to such Occupier, or left at his or their usual cr last Place of Abode, to cause all Polls which the said Commissioners shall think useless or inconvenient, and likewise all Steps, Iron or other Rails, Paliladoes, Pillars, Walls, or fences, projecting' over or upon the Footpaths within any of the said Streers, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, to be taken down, removed or altered, and also all Windows, Hatches, and Doors opening and leading over, upon, or from the said F< otpaths into Vaults, Cellars, Entries, or under Kitchens, to be removed or altered, lo that the lame may not be dangerous or incommodious to Passengers, and all Signs or other Emblems ultd to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any such Occupier, and all Sign Polls, Sign Irons, Pemhoutes, Porches, Sheds, Shew Glasses and Shew Boards, Watering Tubs, Troughs, Pumps, and Stalls, projecting into any of the said Streets, Lanes, public Pafluges or Places, to be taken down and removed i and in case any such Occupier

shall

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118. 2449

shall neglect or refuse so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commis- On Ncgitft (loners, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be taken down, To'tike'1" removed, carried away, altered, or reformed in such Manner as they shall Signi, think proper, and to cause such Signs or other Emblems, or such Parts &c. thereof as they may think proper, to be affixed or placed in the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, where to they belong or were before affixed, and not otherwise, and shall return to the Owner thereof so much of the said Signs or other Emblems, Sign Posts, Sign Irons, and Shew Boards, and of the Materials of the said Penthouses,

Sheds, and other Things so taken down, removed, carried away, altered, or reformed, as shall not otherwise have been made use of; and the Cods,

Charges, and Expences incurred thereby, shall be paid out of the Money to arile by virtue of this Act, and shall and may be recovered of the Occupier of such House, Building, or Tenement, in like Manner as the Rates or Assessments to be made in purl'uauce of this Act are hereby directed to be recovered; and if any Cellar Window, Cellar Door, or un- Penalty on der Entry or Kitchen, shall be left open after Sunset in any Evening, or be opened before Sunrifing in the Morning, without being sufficiently lighted to prevent Accidents happening therefrom, then and in every such Night-time. Cafe the Occupier of such Cellar, Vault, under Entry or Kitchen, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

LIV. Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall and they Commission-are hereby authorized and empowered, upon Application made t°" E* them for that Purpose by the Owner or Occupier of any House or p "ceJ ,f other Building, to allow and pay to such Owner or Occupier, out of Alteration., the Money arising by virtue of this Act, such Sum of Money, towards *« the Expence which may have been incurred by such Owner or Occupier by the taking down, removing, or altering any such Posts, Steps, Iron or other Rails, Palisadoes, Walls, Fences, Windows, Hatches, and Doors, Signs or Sign Pods, Sign Irons, Penthouses, Porches, Sheds,

Shew Glasses and Shew Boards, Watering Tubs, Troughs, Pumps, and Stalls, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable or proper; provided that every such Alteration or Removal shall have been made agreeably to the Order, and under the Direction of the said Commissioners.

LV. And, in order to prevent Accidents by Fire, and to encourage To prevent Persons to assist in extinguishing the fame; BE it further enacted, That Accident. by from and after the passing of this Act, the Owner or Occupier of any Fire' House, Building, or Outhouse, in which any Chimney shall at any Time or Times hereafter happen to be on Fire, shall pay to the Person or Persons who shall bring and work the first Engine the Sum of Ten Shdlings, such Money to be recovered in such Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act are directed to be recovered.

LVT. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House, Occupier.of Building, or Tenement, in the said Town of Daventry, shall, and he or to (he is hereby required, at his or her awn Costs and Charges, within such "p'ut°""d Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Gutter. Time, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be delivered to every' such Occupier as aforesaid, or left at his or her usual or last Place of Abode, direct to take down, or cause to be taken down, all Spouts and [Let. to1 Per.] 27 P Gutters

2450

Tehanti to deduct the Expences o of their

Rents.

To prevent future Pro. jcftiocs.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 it.

Gutters which now or hereafter shall belong to such , Hou(e or Building jrt the said Town, and to cause. the.Water to be conveyed from the Roof or Roofs of or belonging to such House, Building, or Tenement, by proper and sufficient Pipes of Trunks, to be fixed to and down the Sides thereof, and carried under the Flag or other Pavement to the common Channel; and in case any such Person shall neglect or refuse so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be done, and to levy the Costs and Charges attending the fame upon or from the Persons aforesaid, in like Manner as the Rates ' or Assessments to be made in pursuance of this Act are hereby authorized and directed to be levied, and recovered; and every such Person, 1 being Tenant at Rack Rent, may dedud and retain the fame out of his or her Rent, and the Person entitled to such Premise.s i$ hereby required to allow such Deduction.

LVIL. And be it further enacted, That if any House or other Building, in or near any Street, Lane, or other public Passage or Place, within the said Town of Daventry> shall, after the paging, of this Act, be made, erected, or built in such Manner and Form as in the Front,or in any of the Gables or Sides thereof, to project into or over such Street, Lane, or other public Passage or Place, or in any other Manner or Form than in a perpendicular Line or Direction upwards from the Foundation of such House or Building; or if any Spout, Pipe, or Trunk for conveying Water from the Roof, Eaves, or Cornices, of any House or other Building in.any Street, Lane, or othei; public Passage or Place in the said Town of Daventry, shall be afBxedqth.erwife than from the Roofs, Eaves, or Cornices thereof, by such Spouts# ipipes, or Trunks, in the Fronts or Sides of such Houses or Buildings relpedriv.cly, and brought down to the Ground; or if any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll, or other Poll, Shed, Pemhouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Palisadoe, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glass, Shew Board, Pool, Cefspool, Cillern, or Reservoir for Water, or any other Encroachment or Projection against or in the Front or Qutfide of any House or other Building, within or adjoining to any Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, within the said Town of Daventry, shall be made, erected, or built, so as to obllrud the free and commodious Passage along any of the Carriageways or Footways of the lame, then and in every such Case the Owner and Owners of every such House or other Building, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll, or other Poll, Shed, Pemhouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Palisadoe, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glass, Shew Board, Pool, Cefspool, Cillern, or Reservoir for Water, or other Encroachment or Projection, which shall be so made, erected, or built as aforesaid, or of every such Spout, Pipe, or Trunk, which shall be fa made or affixed otherwise than as aforesaid, contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings a Day for every Day such House or other Building, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll, or other Poll, Shed, Pemhouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail,. Pale, Palisadoe, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glass, Shew Board, Pool, Cefspool, Cillern, or Reservoir for Water, Spout, Pipe, or Trunk, or other Encroachment or Projection, shall continue in such State as is herein provided against; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners (whether any of such Penalties or Forfeitures

2451

4.6* GEORGII III; Cap. it8.

feiturefc shall be leviedor not) to cause all such Houses and other Building?,

Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Polls, and other Foils, Sheds, Penthouses, Steps, fltairs, Bow Windows, Window Shutters, Stumps, Trees, Rails, Pales,

Palisadoes, Porches, Bulks, Shew Glades, Shew Boards, Pools, Ccfs-pools, Cillerns, and Reservoirs for Water, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, and other Encroachments and Projections, or any of them, to be taken down, and removed.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, For prevenr-upon any of the Footways or Foot Pavements to be made or repaired under ,ng the Powers in this Act contained, run, draw, drive, or carry any Truck, Streces,s. Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever, or roll any Calk or Tub, other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, into, upon, from or out of any-Carriage, for any longer Space than the Extent of the Premises in the Occupation of the Person from or to whose House or Building such Calk or Tub shall be rolled (such Premises adjoining to or having immediate Communication with the House or Building from or to which such Calk or Tub shall be rolled); or if any Person shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Bead, or any Cattle whatever, on any of the said Footways or Foot Pavements, orfetany Calk, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, or any other Matter or Thing on, or so as in any Manner to cause any Obdruction or Impediment in the Footway or on the Foot Pavement; or shall in any Street, Lane, or other public Passage or Place within the said Town, or in the Churchyard hoop, fire, cleanfc, wash, or feald any Calk or Tub, or hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, except such Carriage as may want immediate Repair from any suddenAccu dent on the Spot, or which cannot be conveniently removed for that Purpose; or if any-Person shall in any Street, Lane, or other public Passage or Place within the said Town, (hoe, bleed, or farrier any Horse or other Bead or Cattle (except in Cafes of Accident); or if any Person shall in any of the said Streets, Lanes, public Passages or Places, within the Lid Town of Daventry, make or aflid in the making any Bonfire, or any Fire for firing Calks or Vessels, or let off or fire any Serpent or Rocket, or throw any Cracker or Squib, or other Firework; or if any Person shall fist, throw, cad, or lay any Ashes (except in the Time of Frod only, and to prevent Accidents) or any Dud, Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Refuse of Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Skins, Carrion, or any other offensive Matter or Thing, in any of the Streets, Lanes, public Passages or Places, within the said Town of Dauentry; or shall kill or Saugftter, or shall feald, singe, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in Part, or wash any Skins in any of such Streets, Lanes, public Passages or Places, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughterhouse. Butcher’s Shop or Shamble into the fame, or any of them, or shall hang up, place, or expose to i'ale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, or any F/uir, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing on, or projecting over the Footway or Carriageway of any such Streets, Lanes, public Pa(Tages or Places so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage therein; or shall wash or immerse the Skin of any Animal in, or wilfully break or throw down any Part of the Wall of the Rcfervoir or Cidern, belonging to the Waterworks aforesaid, or shall throw any dead Animal, or any Soil or Filth into the said Refcrvoir or Cidern, or otherwise cause any Nuisance therein.

2452

46° GEORGII III. Cap. *1%.

or shall commit any other kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in any such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, within the said Town of Daventry, then and in every such Gafe every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Cow, or any other Beast, or any sort of Swine, shall at any Time be found wandering about any of the Streets, Lanes, or ocher public Passages or Places within the said Town, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, appointed by the said Commissioners, to seize and impound such Horse, Cow, or other Bead, or such Swine, in the Common Pound of the said Town, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and the fame there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for every such Horse, Cow, or other Bead, and for every fuel) Head of Swine so impounded, pay the Sum of Five Shillings to the Person impounding the fame, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the famej and in case the said Sum, Charges, and Expences, shall not be paid within Five Days after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to fell or cause to be sold the fame, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducing the said Sum, and the Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and felling such Horse, Cow, or other Beads and Swine shall be paid on Demand to the Person whose Property the Horse, Cow, or other Bead or Swine so fold, shall appear to have been.

Penalty on

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at !Uught*ring any Time daughter in any Street, Lane, public Passage or Place within or drive for the purpose of slaughtering in any such Street, Lord’s Day. Lane, public Passage or Place, any Cow, Ox, Sheep, Swine, or other Bead or Beads, on a Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, every Person so offending shall pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

For prevent-

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Cart, Waggon, Sledge, ingCartsand Dray, or other Carriage used for the Purpose of conveying or carrying in Goods, Merchandize, or any other Materials or Things whatsoever, shall th^Streey. at any Time be left or differed to dand or continue in any Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, in the said Town of Daventry, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, or shall be set or placed athwart or across any Part of any such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place aforesaid (although for the Purpose of loading or unloading the fame) so as that there shall not be sufficient Room left for anothef Carriage to pass-, or if any Timber or Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, be drawn in any such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, without the fame being placed on a Sledge or Carriage for that Purpose; or if any Timber or Iron, Lead, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calk1;, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials or Things, Rubbish, Dud, Dirr, Dung, Filth, or other Nuisance or Annoyance whatsoever, shall be so thrown, laid; placed, or left in any such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place as aforesaid (except in building, taking down, adding to, altering, or repairing any House or Building, or for any of the Purpol'es authorized or required to be done in virtue or pursuance of this Act, in which Cafes the fame shall, if the Commissioners

Power to impound Beads wandering in tho Streeu.

2453

i

k

i

a,

n

ill

a

a

ni

d

ill

is

it

w

"i

V

ti,

tf

16

li

u

16

lit

H

t

t

i

i

i

46° GEORGII III. Cap. nd.

Commissioners shall think proper and direct, be fenced and inclosed in the Manner herein expressed) and the fame (except as last aforesaid) shall be suffered to remain for a longer Space of Time than shall he neceflVy for the hoofing or removing thereof, then and in every such Case the Owner of any such Timber, Iron, Lead, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials or Things, Dirt, or Rubbish as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons caofing such Annoyance as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings.

LXII. And, for the better regulating the Markets and Fairs of Davert-try, and obviating the Obstructions and Inconveniences ro which the same are now subject, and preventing Accidents and Injuries to the Persons, relorting to the said Markets and Fairs; BE it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them (the Bailiff for the Time being of the Borough of Da-ventry aforesaid being one) and they are hereby authorized and required, as loon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, at a Meeting of the said Commissioners to be convened for that Purpose (of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the least in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall be given, by affixing the fame on the Door of the Paiiffi Church of Daventry aforesaid) to make and effablish from Time to Time such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, for regulating the Markets and Fairs of Daventry, and of the several Persons relorting thereto, as to the bid Commissioners, or any Five or more of them (the Bailiff for the Time being of the said Borough being one) shall leem meet; and in and by such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, to ascertain, direct, and appoint in what particular Parts and Places of the Town of Daventry the said Fairs and Markets shall be held, and to fix and appropriate proper Parts and Places of the said Town, for the Sale and exposing to Sale of all Cattle, Meat, Poultry, Goods, Wares, and Commodities, which shall or may from Time to Time be bought, fold, or exposed to Sale at Daventry aforesaid, or in the Markets or Fairs thereof; and also to fix and appropriate proper Places for the loading and unloading of Waggons, Carts, and Carriages, and for the (landing of such Waggons, Carts, and Carriages, after the same shall be unloaded at any of the said Markets or Fairs, and for regulating by what Streets, Avenues, Hoads, and Ways, such loaded and unloaded Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, shall come into and go out of the Streets of Daventry aforesaid during the Time of such Markets or Fairs respectively; and all such other Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, for the well being and good Order of the said Markets and Fairs, as t*> the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them (the Bailiff for the Time being of the said Borough being always one) in their Judgment and Discretion shall seem meer, anJ for the Benefit of the said Town of Daventry, and the Persons resorting to the Fairs and Markets thereof; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five 01 more of them (the Bailiff for the Time being of the said Borough being always one) from Time to Time to repeal, r.lter, or amend such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, as to rhem shall seem right and proper, and to fix aid appoint such reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Forty Shillings, for every Non-observance or other Breach of any such Rules, Orders, or Bye Lav s, or of any Parr or Parts ihereof; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, shall be good [Lew. & Per.] 27 Q and

Commiinon-

ers to repu-late thr Fair* and Markets-

2454-

No new Re.

gulations to hate EftVcl until they shall have been pub-Jished 14 Days.

Inhabitants not prohioited from felling in their own Houses.

for Removal of Nuisance*.

Streets to be watered.

power for Commissioners toper-chafe Lands, Sc c.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

and binding upon all Persons concerned, provided that the fame be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or be inconsistent with or repugnant to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein directed.

LXIIF. Provided always, That no Rule, Order, or Bye Law, respecting the Paid Fairs and Markets, or any Alteration or Amendment thereof, shall have any Force or Effect until such Rule, Older, or Bye Law, shall have been Pigned by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them (the Bailiff for the Time being for the said Borough being one) and printed Copies of such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, or any Alteration or Amendment thereof, shall have been affixed in Pome public-Place or Places in the said Town of Daventry, for the Space of Fourteen Days at the least.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent, hinder, or obstrud the Inhabitants of the said Town of Daventry from felling or exposing to Sale any Butchers Meat, Viands, Poultry, Goods, Wares, and Commodities, within their respective Dwelling Houses or Shops.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Slaughterhouse, Hogstye, Necessary-house, or other noisome or offensive Building or Place whatsoever, in or near any of the Streets or Lanes, public Passages or Places, within the Paid Town of Daventry, shall by the said Commissioners be deemed a Nuisance to any of the Inhabitants thereof, or Persons residing the rein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any such Inhabitant, or other Person or Persons, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or under the Hand of their Clerk for the Time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed j and in case the same shall not be removed within Seven Days after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings daily for every Day that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause such of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places, as they shall think proper, to be from Time to Time watered, in such Manner, and at such Seasons of the Year, as they the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of making the narrow Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers, and for opening proper Communications between any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, or any of them, and for altering, widening, and improving the present Communications between the said Streets,

Lanes,

2455

1

n.

n

5.

or

fe.

or

>es

if-

i-

if.

nr,

i

w

afe

w

all of B<

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11$.

Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, or any of them, and for otherwise improving the said Town of Baventry, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to treat and agree with such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Spiritual or Lay respectively, as (had be or be deemed to be Owner or Owners of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Erections, Projeftions, Encroachments, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, within the said Town of Baventry> as they the said Commissioners shall think right and proper, to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, for the absolute Purchase thereof respectively, or for the Damage to be done thereto respectively, in the Execution or for the Purposes of this Act, and to take down or alter all or any of such Houses, Buildings,

Erections, Projeftions, Encroachments, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be so purchased, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, and to appropriate all or any of the Ground or Scites thereof respectively, and also to appropriate all or any of the Lands ro be so purchased, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners shall think fir.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power for to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Corpora- Bodies Petitions, whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, and all Feoffees in lic 10 fell* Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of or for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves and their Successors, but also for and on behalf of their respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or issue unborn.

Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all Persons, whether Tenants for Life or Tenants in Tail General or Special, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Houses or other Buildings, Erections, Projeftions, Encroachments, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to purchase for any of the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of, in, and to the fame, to the said Commissioners, and their Successors, or to such Persons, and their Heirs, for ever, as the said Commissioners shall direct, in Trust for them the said Commissioners, or for any of the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, and Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said Several respective Cestuique Trusts, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, S, iritual or Lay, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians,

24.56 4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they Hull do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

Provtf-m in

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Body Politic, Corpo-

Caff of Re- rate> or Collegiate, or any Corporation, whether Aggregate or Sole, Spi-

bility°»!e5. r,tua* or Lay, or any Femes Covert, or any Tenant for Life, or Tenant in Tail General or Special, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, interfiled in any Building or Buildings, Erection or Erections, projecting into, over, or upon any of the Footways within the said Town, or of any Door or Doors of Cellars, or of any Steps belonging thereto, or in any other Projection or Encroachment upon any such Footway whatsoever, or in any Lands, Buildings, Houses, or other Buildings or Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners are enabled by this Act to purchase or treat for, shall refuse to treat, contract, or agree as aforesaid, or by real'on of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevailed from treating, con'rafting, or agreeing, or shall decline or refuse ro fell, convey, and dispose of the Premises whereof or wherein or whereunto they respectively shall be so seised, pnlTefied, interested, or entitled as aforesaid, or their respective Rights, Titles, Claims, or I.iterefts, into or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, unco the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate for the Purposes and according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act, or shall not or cannot produce or make out a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Ince-rest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or if any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching such Purchaseor Purchases, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and authorized, before any General or Quarter Sclhon of the Peace to be holden for the County of Northampton, or any Adjournment thereof, to give or cause to be given to such Owner or Owners, or the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or to leave or cause to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession Twenty Days Notice in Writing, denoting and particularly e'eferibing the Lands, Buildings, Houses, Erections, Projections, Encroachments, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, intended to be purchased, and purporting that the Value thereof shall be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Session, or Adjournment thereof; and the Justices at the said Session, or Adjournment thereof; upon Proof to them made of such Notice having been so given or left, are hereby authorized and required 10 charge the Grand Jury at such Session assembled, or the Jury to try Prisoners at such Session, well and truly, upon ibeir Oaths, to assess the Value of the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Erections, Projeftions, Encroachments, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, corn-prized in the Notice so given, and the Damages or Recompence to be awarded or given to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interest therein; and to such Jury the said Commissionas, and all Persons interested in the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Erefti ns, Projeftions, Encroachments, Tenements, or other Iff reditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the Jury, Sting so sworn and charged as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given, concerning the Nature, Quality, or Value of the Lands, Buildings, Houses, Ercftiuns, Prujcchons. Encroachments, Tenements, or other Heredita-v» ! v men is,

I

2457

J3EORGII 7.IIJ; Cap. n8.

mcnks, so to be sold and co Ay-eyed as aforesaid, shall, by their Verdi#, sfie£s.the Damages and Recompence to be gfven for the same to the re-.spective Owner or Owners thereof* according to their respective Ipterest therein; and such Verdi# of the said Jury, and the Judgment of the said Ju Ibices upon the lame, shall be. final, binding, and conclusive to the said Commissioners, and to all Persons and Parties it)terested in the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Ere#ions, Proje#ions, Encroachments,

Tenements, and other Hereditaments; and such Verdi#, and the Judg-i^nent of the Justices thereupon, shall be fairly entered and kept among the Records of the Sessions for the said County of Northampton^ and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, and all Persons may have Recourse to the fame gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Seventy-two Words Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words: Provided always, that in case the Verdl&

Sum or Sums so assessed by the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged to ??' ,t.obe be paid by the said Commissioners, as a Satisfa#ion to the Owners, ulnnjefjf|,e Occupiers, or others, for their re(pective Interests in the said Premisea, Money be shall not be paid, tendered, or left, according to the true Intent and paid within Meaning of this Act, within Three Calendar Months after the fame shall ^rfcnedar h.sve been so afifeffed, ordered, and adjudged, then and in such Case the Months/ Verdi# of the said Jury shall not be binding upon the said Parties; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Ver- provision for di# shall have been given for a greater Sum ,or Recompence than shall Payment of have been previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commis- Coto of (loners (or any such Lands, Buildings, Houses, Erections, Projections, Verd,a,# Encroachments, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, for Damages as aforesaid, all the Expences of taking such Inquest, and of the Witnesses attending thereon, and recording or entering the Verdi#, and Judgment thereon, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this A#; but if a Verdi# shall be given for no greater <5r for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of, or Persons interested in the Pre-miles in Quellmn, provided that whenever by Absence any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating with the said Commis-(kmers, the whole of such Cofis and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Lid Commissioners; and whenever any Cods or Charges shall or may be payable to the said Commissioners, such Costs and Charges shall and may be tdu#ed cut of the Sum to be paid by the said Commissioners to Llie laid Owners or Persons respectively facerested.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Provisioe for or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Application purchased, Liken, or uled by virtue of the Powers of this A#, for the fa,jon°JJJ^ Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, f(Jua| w or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, 200I. Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant,

Lunatic, Idiot, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in (tri# or other Settlement, or any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed [Loc. fc? Per.] 27 Ji the

2458 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient speedbepaid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money may Be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Deors, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, assessing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effectj and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Con-iolidated Bank Annuities or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Courr, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Provision for

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or of Com pen fa- Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, than^oolC anc^ belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under and exceed- any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of ing aol. of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Case of Infancy t>r Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respefKve Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Five or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to

2459

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

he frgniftt-d in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving parties) in order thac such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without requiring or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

LXXIII. Provided also, That where such Money so agreed or awarded Provision for to be paid as last before-mentioned shall be less than the Sum of Twenty ^fP^cn*lion Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use where left of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled <han sol. to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct j or in Cale of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refute to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lards, Tenements, or Hereditaments [diferibing the m'] subject to the Order, Controul, and DHpofiiion of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Dirtri-bucion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such o:her Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Whereany Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Q.ueftion paid into the Bank of England, ir* the Name and with the Privity of the Kuchin^tha Accounrant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, Till* to* * for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Money to be

Eftat£

In Cafe t>f not making out Titles.

If Person*

cannot be found. Par-chafe Money to be paid intotheBank.

Subject to the Order of the Coart of Chancery on Motion.

2460

Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase, Aval] be' deemed entitled ’> hereto, accord r{r to such Possession.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees*

Form of Conveyance.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

ElVate, Right, or Intefeft so any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; to be puj-fhded.in puuuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased, with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands,. Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchasr, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under rbe PoflVflJbn of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and tfk'eri to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments^ according co such PoflVflion, until ihe contrary shall be Ihewo to the Satisfailfon of the Lid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and In- retell of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of.accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful PosseHion, and that fomc other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor* potation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or iereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made unto the said Commissioners, and their Successfors, shall be made in the Form, or to the Effect following; (videlicet)

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ A to me paid by the Commissioners for improving

the Town of Daventry, acting by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made

in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, inci-‘ tuled [here insert the Title of this Act] do hereby grant and convey to ‘the said Commissioners, and there Successors, all [here dejeribe the Pre

rnifes to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title, and Interest to, and in 1 the lame4 and every Parc thereof, to hold to the said Commissioners,

and their Successors, for ever. In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set

‘ my Hand and Seal this Day of in the Year of

our Lord.

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so made, shall be good, valid, and effectual to vest the Premises so conveyed in the said Commissioners, and their Successors, freed and absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from all Claims, Rights, Interests, Charges, and Incumbrances, of all Persons whomsoever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any , Law,

4&" GEORGII III. Cap. 118. 2+6i

LavV, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the conrrary thereof nocwuhstanding.

LXXVII. At"! be it further enacted, That every SumofMonevto Provision for be agreed ;or, awarded, or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Payment or Monies to be received by virtue of this AO, to the Party or Persons Mgoey^&c respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents; and upon Pav- f.)r vtftiogoV ment thereof, or in Case of Refusal to accept the fame, then on placing The Property in fame in the Bank of England, in Manner by (his Act directed (whether such Conveyance as aforesaid shall or shall not be made) all the Fftste, ml tjner8' Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively to whose Credit or Use the same shall have been paid, in, to, and out of such Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners and their Successors, in Trust, for tffcfting the Purposes of this Act, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Possession thereof, to all InteDts and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Payments shall not only bar all Rights, Title, Ir.terest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whole Use or Credit such Payments shall have been ftiade as aforesaid, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession,

Reversion, Remainder, or F.xpeftancy, and the Issue and I flues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually 3s Fines or Common Recoveries would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Lessee or Tenant for Power for Years, or at Will, and every other Person in Possession of any Lands, Delivery of Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall be of

purchasedhy virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, shall deliver up the pu^chifed. Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Notice from the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons so appointed by them, to quit the fame, at such Time or Times as shall be required by such Notice, they the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons, making such Satisfaction and Compensation to every such Tenant or Lessee as aforesaid, in case he or file shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their Term in the Premises, as the said Commissioners shall deem just and icasonable; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching or concerning the same, such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, is and are herein dir sted to be settled and ascertained, in Case of any Difference or Difpcte about the fame; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall at such Time or Times as he, she, or they shall be required by the said Commissioners, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commis-

[Lo( Per.] if S sioners.

2462 46*

GEORGII

III.

Cap. 118.

{loners, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and if ar.y such Person or Persons, so in Possession as aforesaid, {bail relufe to deliver up such Possession. then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Northampton, to deliver Poffflion of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall, in such Precept or Precepts, be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possflion of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to deliver up Possession as aforesaid by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels.

Tower for

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commission- anc] for the said Commissioners to cause all and every the Houses and ers to cause^ oti-,er Buildings, Erections, Projections, and Encroachments, which shall be'taken* at any Time be purchased under the Powers and for the Purposes of this down, to be Act, or any of them, or any Part of them, to be appropriated to the formed into Purposes of this Act, or otherwise to be taken down, and to cause so Streets. much of the Scites thereof, and of any other Lands to be purchased under the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, to be added to or laid into the Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, or to be formed and made into any new Streets or Lanes, or public Passages or Places, for the Purpose of making Communications between any of the prefenc Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall judge proper; and the Land so added to or laid into the respective Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places respectively, shall for ever afterwards be deemed Part thereof, and the fame, and also such as shall be formed and made into any new Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places as aforesaid, shall be used as common public Highways: Provided always, that ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to fell or otherwise dispose of such Part or Parts of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which may have been purchased under the Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of making such Alterations or Improvements as aforesaid, as may afterwards be found unnecessary for the Purpose first intended, to any Person or Persons willing to purchase the fame; and that all Monies to be raised by any Sale or Sales as aforesaid, shall be considered as Part of the General Fund applicable to the Purposes of this Act.

re fell the Land, and tc fell ofeless Buildings pc Land.

Persons from

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, before they (ha 1 sell and dispose of any such Lands, fe-bet*n pur- nements, or Hereditaments, shall first offer the fame for Sale to the Per-cnaied,tohave son or Persons respectively from whom they shall have purchased such the hr it offer Lancjs, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in case such Person or Perch afe* [hereof sons not c^en anc* hereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame, then and in every such Cale an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Da-ventry, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Hating that such Offer was made by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i:8. 2463

the fame was so offered, shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficipnt Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was noc agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Perfor.s co whom it was made, as the Case may be.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Damages whosoever shall luftain any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Tene- ko vto be ments, or other Hereditaments, by reason of the Execution of any ai^f/uied Powers given by this Act, then and in every such Case, Satisfaction and 1 Compensation shall be made by the said Commissioners to such Perfor.s respectively, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and in Case of any Difference or Dispute between such respective Persons and the said Commissioners, respecting the Amount of such Damages, such Damages shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, is and are herein directed to be settled and ascertained in Case of any Difference or Disputes about the fame; and the same shall be recovered, levied, and applied, in such and the like Manner.

LXXXIII. And, for raising Money to arifwerand defray the Charges Power to and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, BE it further enact- make A.ufL ted, That from and immediately after the ( affing of this Act, the said mcou* Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required, in every Year, to affcl's such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think necessary, upon the several Tenants or Occupiers of all Houses,

Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments (except the Moot Hall) within the said Town, so as the fame do not exceed in the whole in any one Year the several Sums and Rates hereafter mentioned, and so as such Rates and Assessments are made in the following Proportions; that is to say, where the annual Rent or annual Value of such Houses, Buildings, or Hereditaments shall amount to Fifteen Pounds or upwards, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound in one Year of the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Houses, Buildings, or Hereditaments; and where the annual Rent or annual Value of such Houses, Buildings, or Hereditaments shall amount to Ten Pounds and be less than Fifteen Pounds, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound of such yearly Rent or yearly Value; and where such yearly Rent or yearly Value shall amount to Four Pounds and be less than Ten Pounds, the Sum of One Shilling in the Puuntl of such yearly Rent or yearly Value; all which respectwc yearly Rems or yearly Values shall from Time to Time be ascertained, settled, and determined, according to the respective Rents such Houses,

Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be respectively raced ac for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Daveniry; and the first Year for which such Rate, or AfTtiTment shall be made, shall commence ac and be computed from the Fifth Day of July One Thousand Eight hundred and Six; and the Monies so to be rated and assessed, shall from Time to Tune be paid to the Colltftor or Collectors for the Time being, appointed by the said Commissioners, and be by the said Collectors immediately paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, or of such other Person as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

LXXXIV. And,

2464. 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

Power for LXXXIV. And, in order to ascerrain the Rates and Assessments to be Com(lion. niajc by vii tue or this Act, BE it further enacted, That the Overseers of Tnct°aVimf of the said Parish of Dav entry shall, and they are hereby re-

Rate-book to quired, at all leal'onable Times, to permit the Lid Commissioners, or be produced, their Treafortr, Llcik, or Colltftor, or any other Per ion to be appointed by the said Commissioners, to peruse and inspect ihe Book and Books of the Rates or Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish for the Year then next preceding, and to take a Copy or Copies thereof; and if any Person or Persons in whole Custojdy or Power any of the said Books or Assessments shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit or suffer the said Commissioners, or any such Treasurer, Clerk, or Collector, or other Pctfon, acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to peruse and inspect any such Book, Kate, or Assessinenr, or to take or cause to be taken a Copy or Copies thereof, then and in every such Calc every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Power for Commissioners to amend Ra es if improper.

Teranti whose Rents do not exceed 4’. a Year, or who

of P. verty f'om paying Poor Rates, not to pay these Rates.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times neglect or omit to rare or aflels any Person or Persons liable to pay or to be charged with any Rate or Afftfiment to be made by Virtue of this Act, or shall in any such Rate or Assessment, over rate, or under-rate any Person or Persons liable to pay any such Rate or AfT fiTment, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to rate and a fills in the said Rate or Assessment, such Person or Persons so omitted to be rated and a fife fled, and to lessen or raise the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, of such Person or Persons so over-rated or underrated, or otherwise to alter or amend such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, so as to make the fame conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this AC; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to fit ike out the Name or Names of any Per ion o- Persons not liable to the Payment of the Rates hereby directed to be made; and that all such Additions to, or Alterations or Amendments in such Rates or Assessments, shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been Part of the Rates or Assessments originally made-, but if the actual annual Value, to be ascertained as aforesaid, of any House, Building, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall not amount to the Sum of Four Pounds, or if the respective Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, by reason of his, her, or their Poverty or Inability only, is, are, or shall be excused or left out of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, then and in either of the said Cafes, such Tenants or Occupiers shall be entirely freed and exempt from Payment of such Rates or Assessments.

Hous-s,

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no House,

Buildings, Building, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament as aforesaid, shall be be"char ed cfiar8ed or chargeable with any such Rate or Assessment during the when*un- Time the same shall be empty or unoccupied, and that no Land shall

occupied, be charged or chargeable with such Rate or Assessment, which is not a

and no Land Yard, Garden, Orchard, or Humestead, not exceeding One Acre, ad-wbca&ffed j°‘n'nS or aPPurtenant to, and occupied with the House or Building in Daventry aforesaid.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118. 2465

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any House, Anyone Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Town, shall be let ^"emed to more than one Tenant or Occupier, any one or more of such Tenants Occupier, or Occupiers shall be deemed the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Rates or A ffeflments shall be levied by Distress and Sale, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, of all or any of the Goods and Chattels in such House, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament; and in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Cafe of any House, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall remove out of Removal, or quit the fame, before the whole of the said Rates or Assessments shall be paid by him, her, or them as aforesaid, or if the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, rtiall be found insufficient to answer any pay the said Rates and Assessments, then and Houses, in every such Case such Houses, Buildings, Tenements, and Heredita- tobe? ments, shall, and are hereby made a Security for, and shall be charged Seco,lt3r» and chargeable with all such Rates and Assessments due from the former Tenants or Occupiers as aforesaid, and the said Rates and AlTefiVnents shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, of any Goods and Chattels which shall be afterwards found in and *nY or upon such Houses, Building?, Tenements, and Hereditaments as *c*

aforesaid *, and in case any Tenant or Occupier of any such House, liable. Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall pay any Money on account of the Rates or Assessments due from any former Tenant or Tenants as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person to deduct the fame out of his or iheir Rent, and every Landlord shall, and is hereby required to allow such Deduction; and in case any Tenant or Occupier shall pay to the said Collector, any more Money on Account Tenant pay. of the said Rates or Assessments, than shall be due from him or them for ingmore for the Rent of his, her, or their House, Building, Tenement, or Heredita- j^j*h*n ment, the Overplus thereof shall and may be levied on the Owner or Owners J-o* Rent "£e or such House, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, by Distress and Overplus to Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner and Owners, by Warrant be made good Under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any one or more Justice Candor Justices of the Peaie for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, 1 r or Place, where loch Goods and Chattels shall be, such Owner or Owners having refuted or neglected to pay the fame for the Space of Five Days after Demand made thereof by such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, his, her, or their Attorney or Agent, for that Purpose appointed.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Rate or Mode of Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall have been so rated, aflefifed, and Recovery charged by the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act, the of Raies Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners for such Purpose shall be, and he and they is and are hereby required to collect the fame accordingly; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be so rated or assessed, or subject or liable to the Payment of any Rate or Assessfment to be made or laid or made payable by virtue of this Act, shall refule or neglect to pay such Rate or Assessment to any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Space of Five Days after personal Demand made by the Collector or Collectors thereof, or Demand in Writing under the Hand of such Collector, and left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay [Loc. fc? Per.[ 27 T as

2466

Power to mitigate Rates.

Power to

borrow

Money.

46° GEORG 11 HE Cap. 11%.

as aforesaid, or on the Premises so charged with such Rate or AssessrnenC then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful, to or for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Daventry, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and direct the said Collector, or any other Person, to levy such Rate or Assessment, and all Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to p3y as aforesaid, or on the Goods and Chattels found on such Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels to be so distrair.ed on Demand, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to recover any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, due and payable by virtue of this Act, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> wherein no Essoign, Protection. Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall think himself, herself, or rhemselves, aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or AffdTments to be made in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, may by himself, her(elf, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Agent, apply to the said Commissioners, at any of their Meetings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on such Application, to mitigate or reduce any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and to give such Relief in the Premises as to them the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon the Appeal and Complaint of any Person or Persons subject and liable to the Payment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, by virtue of this Act, who e Rent shall not exceed the Sum of Four Pounds per Year, to mitigate, reduce, or lesion such Rate or Rates, Assessment or A fie Aments, and also excuse or remit the Payment thereof by reason of the Inability of such Person or Persons to pay the same.

XC. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, for the Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be laid and collected by virtue of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign all or any Part of the said Rates or Assessments to iuen Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with legal Interest for the fame j and the Costs and Expences of such Asignment thereof, to be made as hereafter mentioned, shall be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be so borrowed j and every such Asignment shall be in the W ords or to the Effed following

WE,

2467

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

\X/E» of the Commissioners appointed by or

in pursuance of an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of this Act] in Consideration of the Sum of

advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant and assign unto the said A.B. 4 or his Trustee or Trustees,& the Case may be require] his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates or

Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and owing, or

be charged upon the Credit of the said Act* to be had and holden

« from this Day of until the said

Sum of with Interest at

per Centum per Annum for the fame, shall be repaid

and satisfied. In Witness whereof we the said Commissioners have here- unto set our Hands and Seals the Day of

in the Year

And all such Alignments shall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall always be one j and every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XCI. And be further enacted, That in case the said Commffiioners shall think it advilable, or more advantageous, to raise all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed Under this Act by granting Annuities for Lives, instead of Assignments as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hand and Seals, to grant an Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper, for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable, during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Part of such Contributor at the Time of Payment of his or their Contribution or Purchase Money, and either with or without Benefit of Su; vivorship, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, so that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a Angle Life, except in such Cases where the Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be paid be of the Age of Sixty-three Years or upwards; and the Expence of every such Grant shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following

\X7E of the Commissioners appointed

4 by or in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-

sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Here

fit

Power for' Commissioners to raise Money by Annuities.

2468

Power of transferring

Mortgage* and Annui-tit*.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

Jet forth the Title of this Act] in consideration of the Sum of

paid by A.B. [or, if intended to hi

granted with Benefit of Survivorship by E. F. G. H. &c.] to C. D.

the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act Do hereby grant unto the said A.B. *nd his Assigns [or, if by Survivorship, unto the said

E. F. G. H. &c.] and to the Survivors or Survivor of them an Annuity

‘ or yearly Sum of out of the Rates or Assessments

granted or arising by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or yearly

Sum of

shall be paid to the said A.B. or his Assigns during the Term of his

natural Lite [or, as the Case may be to the said A.B. his Executors,

Administrators, or AlTigns, during the natural Life of C.D. or, if by

c Survivorship, unto and among them] the said E. F. G. H. &c. and

f the Survivors of Survivor of them upon the

4 Day of in every Year during the narural

4 Life of him the said at the Moot Hall of the said Borough, the first Payment thereof to be made on the

Daypf next ensuing the Date

hereof. In Witness whereof we the said Commissioners have hereunto

set our Hands and Seals the Day of

in the Year *’

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, without any Enrolment or Registry of the Memorial thereof, and every Annuity so granted as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer of the said Commissioners out of te said Rates or Assessments, and ocher Money to be received by virtue of this Act, according to the Grant of such Annuijy.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and For the Person entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed upon legal Interestas aforesaid, or to be raised by the granting of Annuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (as the Case may be) at any Time, by Writing under their Elands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whoml'oever; which Transfer may be in thefts Words, or to the Effect following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of

4 or an Annuity of secured to C. t). and hii

4 Assigns [or, his Executors, Administrators- and Assigns, as the Case may

be] by virtue of an Assignment or Grant of an Annuity, bearing Date

the Day of under the Hands

and Seals of of the Commissioners aciing in

the Execution of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Here set forth the Title of this Act] upon the Credit of the Rates and Alfirffments granted or payable by the said Act, Do hereby transfer all my Right and 4. Title in and to the same Sum [or, Annuity] and all interest and other Money now due and owing thereon, unto E. F. his Executors, 4 Administrators, and Assigns. Dated the Day of

And

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118. 2469

And a Copy of every Security or Assignmeftr, arid of every Grant or Annuity which shall have been made in pursuance of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, which Extract or Memorial shall signify and contain the Date,

Names of the Parties and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall, at all seasonable Times, have Accel's, and free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall enti:le the Person to whom the Transfer shall be m-rde, and his or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any other Registry or Enrolment whatsoever.

XCIII. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the ProvisioB for Persons who shall have advanced a;.d lent Money upon the Credit of the £*yment Rates and Assessments to be made and raised respectively by virtue of this ^,e^llors y Act; BE it further enabled, That the said Commissioners (if there shall be more Creditors than one) shall cause the Numbers of all Alignments or Securities granted, and then in Force, for ftcuring the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon difiinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Alignments or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and after every such Ballot the said Commissioners shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given or left at the lJft or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot, and where there is only one Creditor, to give Three Calendar Months Notice to such Creditor, of the said Commissioners Intention to pay him or her as afore-fiid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the fame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being looner than Three Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Money to be paid off shall from and after the Day to be so specified, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unle.s such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof, to be so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners power to can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a borrow Mo-lower Rate of Interest than the Alignments or Securities which shall ney at be in Force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners tD dif.* trom Time to Time to charge the said Rates or Assessments in charge Seen-Manner aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall rities at a think piopcr, and the Interest thereof, at such low Rate as afore- h, Bhcr Ralfk laicJ, and to pay off and discharge the Assignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest, according to the Directions and

[Lqc* & Fgr. 27 U Regulations

2470

Application of M«>rey raised or borrowed.

Provision for bringing and defending Actions in the Name of the Clerk.

Bailiff', Burgesscs, and Commonalty enabled to purchas? the Moot Hall, *c.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

Regulations herein prescribed for paying off Assignments or Securities.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That all Money to arise by or from the said Rates or Assessments hereby granted, or to be received from the Rents or Profits of Stalls or Sheep Pens on Marker or Fair Days, or to be levied and received from Time to Time by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, and all the Money which may be borrowed by the said Commissioners on the Cred c thereof, or advanced for Annuities as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall be applied and disposed of, in the first place, in paving and defraying such Proportion of the Charges and Expences which shall be incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of the Interest for the Money which shall have been advanced for defraying such Charges and Expences, as is hereinafter directed to be paid by the said Commissioners, anti in the next Place from Time to Time in defraying the Coils, Charges, and Expences of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places in the said Town, in Manner hereby directed, and of carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution, and in paying and defraying all Colts, Charges, and Expences which the said Commissioners, or any ot their Officers, may sustain or be put unto in carrying this Act into Execution, or in prosecuting or defending any Prosecutions, Actions, or Suits, for or concerning any of the Monies granted or arising by virtue ol tins Ad, or in any Manner relating to the Execution of this Act, or of any thing to be done by virtue thereof, and for such other Uses and Purposes as herein expressed, and for no other Uie, Intent, or Purpose whaiib-ever.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and that all Actions or Suits that may be necessary or expedient to be broughc by the said Commissioners, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act to the said Commissioners, or for or in respect of any other Matter or Thing relating to this Act, may be brought in the Name of the said Clerk; and that no Action or Sint which may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this nd, ,n the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suf* penflon, or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Ad or Default o. such Clerk done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners; but the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Ac-ion or Suit (as the Case may be) except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Clerk lor the Time being.

XCVII. And whereas it would be of Benefit to the said Borough of Daventry> if the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, were enabled to purchase the Moot Hall, Shambles, Buildings, and Ereiliocs thereto attached, for the Purpose of pulling down the fame, and buiiuing a new Moot Hal/, Shambles, and other necessary Buildings, for the

more

H7*

46° GEORG II TIL Gap. i18.

toorc convenient transading the public Business of the said Borough, and for the Accommodation of the Persons retorting to the Markets and Fairs of Daventry \ BF.it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough of Daventry, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Moot Hall, with the Shambles and other Erections and Buildings attached thereto, and of the Ground and Scite, for the Purchase thereof, and also to and with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any other Messuages or Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, on or near the Market Hill, and of the Ground and Scite (so as the fame does' not exceed in the whole cne Acre of Land) and of the Tolls of the Markets and Fairs of Daventry respectively, and to pay and apply such Part of the Corporation Stock and Monies now vested in the said Bailiff,

Burge lies, and Commonalty, as the said Bailiff and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall think fit, in and towards the Purchase of the said A‘hot Hall, with the Shambles and other Erections and Buildings attached thereto, and of the said other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and of the Ground and Scite thereof respectively, and of the said Tolls, and to eause the said Moot Hall, with the Shambles and other Erections and Buildings attached thereto, and the said other Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, and the Ground and Scite thereof, and the said foils, to be granted and conveyed unco and to the Use of the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, and their Successors,without incurring my of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain? and' from and after such Grant and Conveyance shall be so maJe as aforesaid, the said Moot Hall, with the Shambles and other Erections and Buildings attached thereto, and the said ether Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and the Ground and Scite thereof respectively, and the said Tolls shall be and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, and their Successors, for ever: Provided always, that the Lord or l.ords of the Manor, of Daventry aforesaid, shall and may, from and after such Grant and Conveyance, notwithstanding any Cullom or Usage to the contrary, hold the Court Leet of the said M inor in any convenient Place or Places within the said Manor, except in the said Moot Hall and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiff, Bailiff and Burgesses, and Commonalty, to puli down, or eause to be pulled down, the said Moot Hally and all the Erections and Buildings thereto attached, J8paunlJ| and all other the Mdlbages, Erections, and Buildings so to be purchased, rebu.ld the when so purchased as aforesaid, and to build, with all convenient Speed, Moot Hall, on the Ground and Scite thereof respectively, or any Part thereof, a new Moot Hally and convenient Shambles and Market Place, and such other Buildings and Erections as the said Bailiff and Burgesses, or the major Fait of them, shall think fit and necessary, for the holding of the Market of Daventry, and for the better Accommodation of the Persons retorting thereto, and for other the public Purposes of the said Borough; and Irom and after such new Moot Hall shall be to erected and built as aforesaid, the General Sessions of the Peace of the Borough of Daventry aforesaid, and the Court of Record of the said Borough, and the several Meetings of the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, for the Purpose of transacting the public Business of the said Borough, shall be held therein, or in the Buildings, Rooms, or Chambers attached thereto.

2472 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11S.

B"r" XCVIII. And, in order to enable the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Comm >naitv ^-omrnona^y» to purchase the said Moot Hall, Messuages, Tolls, and He-enabied io ' reditaments, and to make ana complete the said Erections and Buildings , raise Money. BE i: further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, to raise and contribute amongst themselves, or fron, such other Person or Persons who shall be deiirous to lubicribe thereto, such Sum and Sums of M ney, and in such Proportions as to the said Bailiff and Burgesses shall fcem meet and convenient,

, for the Purpose of purchasing the said Moot Hall, Messuages, Lands, Tolls, and Hereditaments, and of making, completing and maintaining the said Moot Hallt Buildings and Shambles, Erections, and oilier Works-and Conveniences thereto, as the said Bailiff and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, assembled at a public Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, shall think right and proper, so as the Sum or Sums of Money do not exceed the Sum of Three Thousand Pounds in the whole and the Sum and Sums of Money so to be raised shall be laid out and applied in and towards the Purchase of the said Moot Hall, Messuages, Lands, Tolls, and Hereditaments, and in and towards the Building and maintaining the said Moot Hall, Buildings and Shambles, and such other Erections and Conveniences thereto, as the said Bailiff and Burgesses. or the major Part of them, shall think fie and necessary, fur the ho'ding of the Markets of Daventry, and for the better Accommodation of the Persons resorting thereto, and for transacting the public Business of the said Borough j and the said Money, so to be raised and contributed, shall be divided and distinguished into as many equal Shares of Fifty Pounds earh, as the same shall amount unto, which Shares shall be numbered in numerical Progression, and shall be deemed Personal Estate, and shall be trans-miffible as such; and the said Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the said several Subscribers, and their several respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Behoof, proportionably to the Sum which they shall severally subscribe and pay thereto \ and all and every Person and Persons, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally fub'.cnbe for one or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Moot Hall, Buildings, Shambles, and other Erections, shall be entitled to and receive, after the same shall be completed, the entire net Distribution of a proportionable Part of the Fronts and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Kents and Profits of the said Premises, and so in proportion for any greater Number of Shares.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Three Thcufand Pounds shall at any Time or Times be deemed or found inefficient for the Purchase of the said Moot Hall, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for making, completing, and maintaining the said new Moot Hall, Buildings, Shambles, and Works hereby authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiff and Burgesses to borrow and take up at Interest, of and from any Person or Persons who shall be willing to advance and lend the lame upon the Credit of the Rents to be paid ro the said Bailiff and Burgesses, and Commonalty, by virtue of this any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

If not suffi* cient, the Bailiff and Burgesses may raise a further Sum by Mortgage.

24

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

exceeding the Sum of Three Thousand Pounds, as to them shall seem fit and convenient; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to assign and makeover the said Moot Halt, Me flu ages. Tolls, Lands, and Hereditaments, Buildings, and Works, and the Rents to ariie by virtue of this Act, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money l'o to be borrowed with Interest, to the Person or Per-l'ons who shall advance the fame, or to his or their Trustee or Trustees, under the Common Seal of the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, by Deed of Mortgage, according to the Form following, that is to say

: wE the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Da- porm of ‘ ventry, in consideration of the Sum of Morcjag

4 to us paid by A. B of Do hereby by virtue of an

‘ Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George he Third, intituled [set forth the ‘Title of the A5f\ bar- gain, fell, and transfer unto the said A.B. all and Angular the Rents arising and payable to us by virtue of the said Act, and all'o the Moot Hall, Buildings, Shambles, and other Works, Messuages, Tolls,

4 Lands, and Hereditaments, conveyed to or veiled in us under the Authority of the said Act, and all the Right, Title, and Interest of us the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of, in, and unto the fame; to hold unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of.

together with Interest for the fame after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid off and discharged. Given under our Common Seal, the Day of

And all Persons to whom such Mortgages shall be made, shall be equally entitled to the said Rents and Profits without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Mortgage, or on any other Account whatsoever; and the Money so to be borrowed shall be laid out and applied for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining the said Moot Hall, Shambles, Buildings, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, and an Entry or Memorial of every such Mortgage, containing the Date thereof, and an Account of the Name or Names of the Party or Parties (with their proper Additions) to whom the same shall have been made, and of the Sum of Money borrowed, together with the Rate of Interest to be paid thereon, shall within Thirty Days next after the Date thereof, be written and inferred gratis, in one or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Town Clerk, which Book or Books shall and may be perused at all seal'onable Times by the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Rents and Profits, without Fee or Reward; and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage shall have been made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby l'ecured, may from Time to Time assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer shall be made according to the Form following j that is to say:

[Z,0C. ft? Per.]

V

‘ I. A. B.

2474

Form of Tr nsfer of Mortgage*.

The Interest of the Money borrowed, to be paid in Preference to Dividends,

Interest of Money advanced by

tion, to be first paid.

Bailiff and Burgesses to appoint Officers.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

I A.B. of in consideration of the Sum ox

paid by C.D. of

f Do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage made by the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Daventry, bearing Date the ‘ Day of for securing the Principal

‘ Sum of and the Interest now due, and hereafter to

f become due thereon, and all my Right and Properry therein, to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, In wicnels

whereof I have hereto let my Hand and Seal, this

t Day cf in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the said Town Clerk, who shall thereupon cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dace, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages, for which last-mentioned Entry the Town Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and after such Entry made, every such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage, and it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment or Assignments, at an/ Time afterwards to make void, release or discharge the original Mortgage, or any Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof; and the Interest of the Money to be so borrowed by Mortgage as aforesa’.d, shall be paid Half yearly to the several Perl'ons entitled thereto, in preference to any Interest or Dividends due and payable by virtue of this Act to the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or to any of them, or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Share or Shares, his, her, or their Successors. Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

C. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That, previous to any Division or Distribution of the said Rents and Profits to and amongst the Subscribers, the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to dedudl and retain, and pay Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for all such Monies (except the Produce of a Legacy left by Toby Chauncey% Esquire, for the Purpose of building a Court Room) which have or shall be advanced by the said Bailiff and Burgesses out of the Corporation Stock, or Monies vested in them, which Interest shall be by the said Bailiff and Burgesses from Time to Time paid, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner as the Interest of the said Corporation Siock, and such other Monies now are and heretofore have been paid, applied, and disposed of.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiff and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, at a General Affernbly of the said Bailiff and Burgdfes to be convened for that Purpose, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint, by Writing under the Common Seal of the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commoq^ky, One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, and One or more Colledlur or Collectors, of the Rates, Rents, and Profits of the said Shambles, and

Erections,

2+75

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

Erections, and Buildings, taking such Security for their respective Offices as the said Bailiff and Burgesses shall think proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiff and Burgesses from Time to Time to remove 3ny such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, and appoint others in his or their room or stead; and the Town Clerk of the Borough of Daventry aforesaid, or his Deputy, shall in a Book or Books to be provided by the said Bailiff and Burgesses for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Subscribers to and Owner or Owners o{, or entitled to any of the said Share or Shares, and of all Proceedings and Transactions of the said Bailiff and Burgesses relative to the said Undertaking, by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act, for which he shall be paid such Recompence and Compenfucion as the said Bailiff and Burgessrs shall from Time to Time direct; and all and every the said Owners of Shares shall and may at all convenient Times have recourse to and peruse and inspect the said Book or Books, to be kept by the Town Clerk or his Deputy, gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or..of any Part thereof, paying for every One hundred Words to be copied the Sum of Sixpence.

Cl I. And be it further enacted, That the said Bailiff and Burgesses, Bailiff and or the major Part of them, at a General Assembly to be holden for that Burgesses to Purpose, shall and may make Agreements and Bargains with the Work-men, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed and concerned in making and completing the said Buildings, and all and every Part or Parts thereof, and shall by themselves, or by their Treasurer, or by l'oir.e other proper Person or Persons to be employed for that Purpose, keep a full and true Account of all Money disbursed and Payments made by the said Bailiff and Bur.gestes, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they ffiail receive on behalf of or in respect of the Premises, from any Collector or Collectors, of the Rents and Profits thereof, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, employed in or having Concerns, Dealings, and Transactions with the said Undertaking, or any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Bailiff and Burgesses shall regularly by themselves or by their Treasurer, or other Person or Persons so to be employed as aforesaid, write, insert, and enter in a Book or Books, to be from Time to Time provided for that Purpose,

Minutes or Copies, as the Case shall require, of every such Cunuaft,

Bargain, Receipt, or Disbursement; and every Owner of any Share or Shares, upon every reasonable Dcfue, shall have full Access to such Book or Books fur his or her inspection; and the said Bailiff and Burgesses shall and may, whenever they judge it expedient, by Writing under their Hands, appoint any Architect or Architects, Surveyor or Surveyors, for erecting and furveving all and every the Buildings to be made by virtue of this Act, and such Architect and Surveyor shall be paid such Salary or Compensation as the said Bailiff and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall direct or appoint.

Cl 11- And be it further enacted, That the said Bailiff and Burgesses Bailiff and shall also h ive Power from Time co Time to make such Call or Calls of Borgeffes to Money from the Subscribers to, and the Proprietors of, the said Share or Calls. Shares, to defray the Expences of and for carrying on the said Undertak-4- ing.

247& 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

ing, as they shall from Time to Time find wanting; anti every O wrier or Owners of any One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, or their Rateable Proportions of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at such Times and Places as the said Bailiff and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time direct or appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionate Part of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Bailiff and Burgesses, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, or within Twenty Days next enduing, he, she, or they so nesteding or refuting shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds for every Share; and in case such Person or Persons shall continue or neg-Jed to refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then and in every such Case he, she, or they so neglecting or refuting shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, all which Shares shall go to and be vetted in the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Trust for and for the Benefit of all the rett of the said Subscribers in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking.

Xo^dvan- CIV. Provided nevertheless, that no Advantage shall be taken of any r e i'o/fck Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking/ until cfw future with-" personal Notice shall have been given to or left at the ufdal Place or 00c personal Places of Abode, of the Owner or Owners of such Slube or'Shares re-Notice. fpcdively, by the Town Clerk or his Deputy, and the fame Share or Shares shall likewise be declared to be forfeited, at some general or special Meeting of the Bailiff and Burgesses, or of the major Parr of them, within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred; and every such Forfeiture shall be an Indemnification and Discharge, to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting, against all and every Action and Actions, Suits and Prosecutions whatsoever to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between the Proprietor or Proprietors incurring such Forfeiture, and the rett of the said Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the said intended Undertaking.

CV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Owner or On the Death Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen to cfjubfcri- die before such Call or Calls shall have been made, for the full Sum to be Sharpen*6 acJ*vanced on each Share which he, she, or they shall have been possessed pieced, CExe- or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will or other wise, cutors may how or in what Manner such Share or Shaies shall be disposed of, and 00 it. how or by what Means the future Calls in reiped thereof shall be paid to

the said Bailiff and Burgesses, for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner ib dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committers, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Owner dece.afed, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infant?, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sufns-of Money when called for as aforesaid, to complrat every such Sub-

feription}

46° GEORGII III. Cap. n8. 24?f

feription j and if such deceased Owner or Owners Hi all not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrator?, Trustee or Trustees,

Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians shall refute or neglect to anl'wer such Calls, the said Bailiff and Burgesses shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, on condition that he, she, or they, so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trullce or Trullees, Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, in his, her, or their Lifetime, by virtue of any Cail or Calls, or otherwise upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for; and in case no i’uch Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted on such Condition, then and in every such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to, and become vcihd in the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Trust ior and for the Benefic of all the rest of the said Proprietor in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Man* ner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue of this A£L

CVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Share* may the several Proprietors of such Shares, his, her, or their respective Exe- be fold, cutors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shaies ro which he, she, or they may be entitled subject to the Rules and Condition* therein mentioned; the Conveyance ol which Shares shall be in the Form or Effect following:

I A.B. in consideration of paid ro me by FormofCoft-

C.D. Do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C.D. vpy«nce

Share of the Profits of the Moot Hall, Sham- Sharel-

bks, and other Buildings attached thereto, in Dav entry, (being N9.

4 of the Shares) to hold to him the said C.D. his Execu-

tors, Administrators, and Afilgns, subject to the same Rules, Orders,

‘ and Restrictiofis, and on the Conditions that I held the lame immedi-

ately before the Execution hereor; and I the said C.D. do hereby

‘ agree to take and accept the said Share, subject

to the same Rules, ^Orders, Restrictions* and Conditions. As witness

our Hands the Day of .*

And on every such Sale, the said Deed or Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sclicis, and the Purchaser o Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchasercr Purchasers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Town Clerk, or his Deputy, shall have entered* in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Ui'e of the said Bailiff and Burge lies, and have teitified or indorsed til* Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or 'Transfer, for which the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid j and the said Town Clerk of his Deputy is or are hereby required to make such En;ry or Memorial accordingly; and until such [.Lee. fc? Per,"] 27 T Memorial

4-73

After a Call

be fold until the Money Gull be paid.

Regulations as to the

of Shares.

or Will, or in Course of Adminiilra* tion.

Karnes of Proprietors to be entered, and Tickets of their

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1x8.

Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purclufers shall have no Parc of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid unto him, her, or them.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money shall have been made by the said Bailiff and Burgesses, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, no Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, upon pain of forfeiting his, her, or their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Bailiff and Burgesses, in Trust for che Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she, or they, at the Time of such Call or Transfer shall have paid and discharged, to the Treasurer of the said Bailiff, and Burgesses, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share lb fold or transferred , such Forfeiture, neverthelel's, to be notified and declared at a General Assembly, in Manner before directed.

CVIII. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by frequent Transfer and Sale of the Right and Title to the Shares of and in the said Undertaking, by the Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and it may be difficult in such Cases to ascertain to whom the Dividends arising and becoming due upon such Shares ought to be paid, and do belong BE it therefore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Right of Marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, or the Effect of futh Register, shall be made and sworn by some credible Person, before a Master or Masters Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be tranlhnit ed to the said Town Clerk, or his Deputy for the Time being, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in a Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Town Clerk, or his Deputy, for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking*, and before any Person or Persons, who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or in a Course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will, or the Probate Copy thereof, shall be produced and shewn to the said Town Clerk or his Deputy, or an Affidavit, containing a Copy of so much of such "Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died inrestate, shall be made and sworn to by an Executor or Executors of such Will, or by an Admin^rator or Adminstrators of the Estate and Effects (as the Case may happen to be) before a Master Gr Ma.lers Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall also be transmitted to the said Town Clerk, or his Deputy, who shall file and enter the fame in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

CIX. And, for better securing the several Shares in the said Undertaking to the respective Proprietors thereof, BE it further enacted,

’ That the said Bailiff and Burgesses shall and they are hereby required, at some General Assembly, to cause the Names and proper Additions

W of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

of the several Persons, who shall be entitled to any of the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares to which they are respectively entitled, and also the proper Number by which every such Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Bailiff and Burgesses; and after such Entry made, the said Bailiff and Burgesses shall cause the Common Seal of the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause as many Certificates to be prepared as there are shares in the said Undertaking, bearing respectively the correspondent Numbers in the said Books, with the Common Seal of the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty affixed to every such Certificate, and cause to be delivered to every such Subscriber, upon Demand, a Certificate for every Share to which he or flic is entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the Town Clerk or his Deputy hive Shillings for every such Certificatej and such Certificate shall be admitted into all Court whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscribers, his, or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling cr disposing thereof.

CX. And, in Consideration of the great Charge and Expence which the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, and the several Subscribers to the said Undertaking, must incur and suffer in making and maintaining the said Moot Hall, Shambles, Buildings, and Works, hereby authorized to lie made and maintained, BE it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, recover, and receive, in Trull for the Benefit of the Subscribers to the said Undertaking, such reasonable yearly or weekly or other Rents or Payments, of and from the Person or Persons resorting to the said Market of Daventry, and who shall use and occupy the said A hot Hall Rooms, Chambers, Seats, Shambles, Stalls, and other Conveniences, so to lie ejected and built as aforesaid, or any of them, as the said Bailiff and Burgesses, by Writing under their Hands shall from Time so Time think reasonable and direct or appoint, i'o as no greater Sum shall be demanded or taken for any Stall, Shamble, or Seat, than Five Shillings for each such Stall, Shamble, or Seat, on every Market or Fair Day; ell which Rents and Payments shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at Rich Place or Places, and under such Regulations, as the said Bailiff and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time dire# or appoint; and in Cale of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such Rents or Payments, or any Parc thereof, by any Person or Persons whemloever, on Demand by the Person or Persons appointed to receive the lame as aforesaid, the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty may fuc for the fame by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record ac Westminster; or the Person or Persons, to whom such Rents of Payments ought to have been paid and made, may and he and they is and are hereby empowered to l'eize and d’lftrain the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons f» refusing or neglecting to pay such Rents or make such Payments as aforesaid, or any Parc or Parts thereof and to detain the fame until Payment thereof shall be made, together with reasonable

Charges

247*

Stares deli* them.

Bailiff-and Burgesses to ascertain Renu of Stalls and Shambles, Sec.

24?o. 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

Charges for such Distress, and if such Dirt refs shall not be redeemed within Five Days from the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and fold, as the Law directs in Cafes of Dillreis (or Rent.

And alterant! CXI. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to 1 «duce ihe and for the said Bailiff and Burgesses, and they are hereby empowered,

amc* from Time to Time, at any General Assembly to be convened for that Purpose, to alter, vary, or reduce such Rents and Payments, or any of them, as they shall from Time to Time think fi, reasonable, and just, and again to raise the lame to such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, so that such Sum or Sums (had not exceed the said Sum of Five Shillings for such Stall or Scat: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be comlrurd to extend, to charge the said fronTpe'^for Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or the Magistrates of the Borough Moot Hull, of Daventry, with the Payment of any Rent, Rate, or Corr.pensation, for the Use of the said Moot Ua'U% or any of the Rooms and Chambers attached thereto, at all or any of the public or privure Meetings for transacting the Business of the Borough of Daventry aforesaid.

Bailiffand CXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Burgesses are and for the said Bailiff and Burgrffes, and they are hereby authorized and empowered empowered, at any General Assembly of the said Bailiff and Burgesses, Leases'11 by Writing under the Common Seal of the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, at any Time or Times, to let to farm the said Moot Hally Shambles, Buildings and other Works, and the said Rents and Payments, or any Part or Parts thereof (subject to and without Prejudice to the Right of Ule and Occupation of the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty and Magistrates of the said Borough) to any Person or Persons for any Time or Term they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any such Lease or Leafesj and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, and the Lessee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Ltffees shall appoint to collect and receive the said Rents and Payments, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed Collectors of the said Rents and Payments so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering of the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Bailiff and Burgesses; provided that public Notice of the Intention so let the fame be given in *Ihc Northampton Mercury, or some other Newspaper published and circulated in the County of Northampton, at lead Ten Days previous to any General Assembly, at which the said Rents and Payments, or any Parc thereof, is or are let as aforesaid.

Penalty on Persons inter* CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

rupung or at any Time or Times obstruff, hinder, or molcft any of the Commis-Worksuen. sioners, or the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or any Treasurer, Secretary, Ciek, Alfcffor, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, Watchman, or other Officer or Officers, Workman, Perioti or Persons whoml'o-ever, who is, are, or shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance of his or their Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done in virtue or in pursuance thereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum no: exceeding Tw ncy Shillings.

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 11P. *4*i

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures and

by this Act or by virtue of the Powersthereof imposed and incurred ^ppiic«...oo (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise ,{. ensh;« particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and bale ar-d ^01*eU" of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders* by Warrant aiC4’

Under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County,

C ity or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall be or reside . which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue upon Con efiion of ti e Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any Credible Witness on Oath, (which Oath* lqch Justice is hereby empowered to Administer.); and the Overplus or the Money (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of recovering iutii Penalties and Forfeitures; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall, if not herein directed to be otherwise applied, be paid to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, and be applied by the n for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners (bail think fit; and in ca(esufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found; or such Penal* ties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for fuca Justice, and he is heicby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common G^ol or House of Correction, for any Time noc exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless fuwh Penalties and Forfeitures, and all rtaloaable Charges attending the same shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person Fn m of or Persons shall be convict'd of any Offence agair.lt this Act, or any Con»:tiion. Matter in pursuance thereof, the Conviction shall be in the Wools or to the Effect folio wing; (videlicet):

gE it Remembered, That on this Day of

in the Year of our I ord

c A.B. is fiulv convicted before

c of His Majesty's Juliices of the Peace

1 for the of having

[Here flats the Offence ageinjt the Ail, as the Ccfe may be] contrary to

the Foim or xife Statute in that Caie made and provided; and f

£cr, We, as the Case may hi] do declare and adjudge that A.B. hath

forfeited for Ins [or, her, as the Case may be] laid Uffer.ce, the Sum of

Given under my Hand [ar, our Hands as tbs

Case may be] the Day and Year first above written.’

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all. Cafes where the said Power to Commissioners or any Justice or Joffices of the Peace is or are by this Act Authorized or required to examine any Person or Per for. s on Oath, it Jl 5* ill all be lawful for luck Commissioners and justice or justices rcjpj-ftivtdy to administer Inch Oath; and if aqy Person or Persons shall upon.his or her Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices rftpeftWely, wilfully and corruptly give lallc Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared ia be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and [Lot. C? Per.] 27 2—23 A corrupt

2482 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

For limiting corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to: Provided always, that no. Per-the Time for son cr Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any. Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act for any Offence against this Act, unlel's ences. information {^a|| be given of the Offence within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence shall have been committed.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Addons, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant of the said; Town of Daventry shall be deemed to be an incompetent Witness, by rrafon of his or her being charged with and liable to pay any Race or Assesstuenc by virtue of this Act.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it Shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender Shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, if he or they shall think fir, to allow and pay any Part of the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall be imposed and received of any such Offender convicted before him of any Such Offence as aforesaid (unless herein other wise di/cjftrd) not exceeding one Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informers," Witness or Witnesses against such Offender, in such Shares and Proportions as to such Justice or Justices Shall Seem meet.

Appeal. CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if. any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves' aggrieved, by any Rate or Assessment which shall be made or be demanded in pursuance of this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rule, Order, Bye Law, Judgment, or Determination of the said Commissioners, or by any Penalty imposed, or by any Conviction made, or by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act, (save and except in such Cases where any Order, Judgment, or Determination is herein directed to be final or conclusive, and save and except in such Cases for which any particular Method of Relief is herein appointed) such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City, or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arile, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or at any Adjournment of fu.$h Seffiqns; the Person or Persons appealing first giving or causing to be given to the Person or Persons appealed against Ten Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with Sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessionsor Adjournment thereofi and the Justices at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, upon Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine every such Appeal in a summary way, and make such Determination therein, and award such Costs to either of the Parties or otherwise, as they the said Justices shall think proper j and the said Justices may if they fee Caule, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Bye-Law, Rule, Order, Regulation, or

Determination,

In formers and Wit-nefle*.

Power for Inhabitants to be Witnesses.

I

ti

i

in

1

fc

hf

in

y.

cl

it

i'

ii ji ix 3 t

(i

it

II

If

I

i

l

46° GEORGII HI. Cap. it8. 2483

Determination, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices at their said General or Quarter SessiohS, or Adjournment thereof, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That on any Appeal from any Rate JurtIces may or Rates Assessment or Assessments to be made by the said Commis- relieve on sioners fer the Purposes of this Act, the Justices at such General or '^t^csal *roin Quarter Sessions, shall and may amend the lame, if they shall think proper, in such Manner 2s may be necessary for giving Relief to the Person or Persons. Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or C llegiate, aggrieved, without qualhing or altering such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, with respect to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiare, mentioned in the fame; but if upon appeal from the whole Rate or Rates, AflclTmenc or AflcfiT.nents, it shall be found necessary to set aside the lame, then and in such Case the 1'aid Justices shall and may order a new Rate or Rates, Aflcfirnenc or Assessments to be made in Manner herein directed.

CXXf. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Rate, Proceeding* AfRflment, Judgment, Conviction, or other Proceedings, touching or not*obe concerning any of the Matcers aforesaid, or touching or concerning any for

Offence against this Act, shall be quaflhed or vacated fur Want of Form Form, nor only, of be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Procejs removed by whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at lFcftmi»Jter any Certl0rar»-Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXXTI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for dny Slim of Money to be levied by this Act, the D.stress itself Ih 11 not bi deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same WaoTof of be deemed a Trespasser or vrrefpaflers, on account of any Defect or Want form, oi Farm 'iii the Information, Summons, Conviction,' Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties dif-tratriing be d<ertvd a l^relpafter or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity Wnich shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so dil-training; but the PeHqn o/Perfohs aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the (pedal Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

CXXIIt. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff PJalniKFnot or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced, against any Pur- 13 bPn£ son or Periods, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless No- ^'^Vice tic? in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant br'Defendantr, or or after left at his, her, or their laftor uluA Place or Places of Abode Thirty Dujfs Tender of before such Action shall be commenced, of such inrended Action, signed Amends, by the Attorney for the Plainiifior Plaintiffs, loeeifying the Action; nor shall the Pl.sintiffor Plaintiffs re >vrf.ih Rich A: if Tender of fuJEciene Amends /bill have b <.. . .,! t Lr.^or theni, or to

his, her, or their Attornry^'by or on or Defendants,

before such Action kroughf^and in c'^le.^o' fuchjr<h^cr.shall have been made, it shall and, I'wy' b.: saw^uTFo anTfor the t7c(en ]ant or Dcftmdahis in any Action, by t^ea ve‘$£fh‘e tZptfhfpflj'cfz fyoi

any Time before Ifflic tVthtfd/'so pay'into Court fueff sum of Money as

he.

24.84

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Preserving Rights of the Lord of the Manor.

Directinghow the Expence! of the Act shall be paid

Public A Cl.

46° GEORGII HI. Ctf. ill

he, she, or they shall think fit; uhereupon such Proceedings, Order, and-Judgment shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as ia other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Shit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecut/d against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue oc in pursuance of this Act, after Six Months next after the Fad committed, or ilic Cause, of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County wherein the Cause of such Action shall arise and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his, her, or their Election, Specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been fb done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cafes the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in ail Cafes where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared theretp, or shall be Nonsuited; or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such and the like Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any ocher Cafes of Law.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend cr be construed to extend to prejudice, lessen, or defeat any of the Rights, Royalties, Privileges, and Immunities of the Lord of the Manor of Daventry (except the Right of holding the Court Leec in the Moot Hall) or to defeat or abridge his Right or Title in or to all or any of the Quit Rents, Walle Rents, Tolls, and-Profits, to which he now is and heretofore hath been entitled.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Expences in-5 cident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid in Manner and in the Proportions following; that is to say, one Moiety, thereof by the said Commissioners for paving and improving the Town of Daventry, and the other Moiety thereof by the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, by and out of the Monies authorized to be raised by this Act,

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being spec'ully pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 180$.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

; GEORGII III. REGIS.

e ».*

I ‘

\ It*'.* t*

Ik -

s Cap. 119.

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Kensington, Hammersmith, Brentford, Battersea, Putney, Richmond, and several other Parishes and 11. Places in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

:i [ 12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS several of the Inhabitants of such Part of the Parish \y\/ of Saint Luke Chelsea, as lies on the West Side of a certain Line or Boundary hereinafter described, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster as lies within the Town of Kenfing- ton, and also of the several Parishes or Townships of Saint Mary Abbotts

Kensington, Saint Paul Hammersmith, All Saints Fulham, Saint Nicholas ,n Chiswick, Saint Mary Ealing, Saint Mary Hanwell, Old Brentford,

ft Brentford, Hejion, Hounfozv, and All Saints J/leworth, in the County of

bf Middlesex, and likewise the Inhabitants of the several Parishes or Town-

ships of Saint Mary Battersea, &?/'«/ Mary Wandsworth, M^ry P«/-

r^y, Saint Mary Barnes, Mortlake, Saint Mary Magdalen Richmond, and mi SWa/ iCeu;, in the County of Surrey, and Places adjacent or near

i thereunto, in the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, are desirous to

have a Supply of good and wholesome Water for domestic Purposes: And whereas many Parts of the said several Parishes, Townships, and [L*w. £? Per.] 28 5 Places,

i

249°

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119,

Places, are become very populous, and are greatly increased and increasing in Houses and Buildings, and in Cafes of Accidents by Fire, the Inhabitants thereof might be exposed to the most calamitous Lodes for "Want of a fyjgpient Supply of Water: And whereas the erecting and making of One or more Reservoir or Reservoirs, at or near a certain Place called Bull Lane, in the said Parish of Fulham, or at or near a certain Creek called Poole's Creek, or at or near a certain Field called Huntley's Field, adjoining Honey Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Ken-fington, with proper Cuts, Channels, or Aqueducts, for supplying the said Reservoir or Reservoirs and other Works with Water, for the life of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, would tend to promote the beneficial Purposes before-mentioned: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Expence, to erect and make such Reservoir or Reservoirs, Cuts, Channels, Aqueducts, and other Works requisite and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; but cannot effect the fame without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be cR-atted; and be it enacted by the King’s inofl Excellent Majesty, by, and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Proprietor, of the fame, That George Alderson, Thomas Alderson, William cl Beckett, James Browning, James Burton, Jonas Binns, John Badger, Ambrose Charles, Henry Cox, Thomas Crowley, Thomas Crawley, John Collinge, Joseph Cox, Thomas Charles, John Coleman, George Cooke, John Cofens, William Cafs, George Dodd, Robert Dodd, Thomas Dogley, Richard Fiftj-wick, William Freeman, John Freeman junior, John Fcwnes, George Flote, John Freeman, Thomas Fielder, George Freeman, Thomas Groves, John Hull, James Harris, Richard HilL Joseph, Francis Johnson,

William Johnson, Isaac Knight, James Kell, Leonard Lazenby, Joseph Lucas, Thomas Lewis, Thomas Lumley, Thomas Law, Robert Lazenby, John Mitchell, Samuel Nunn, William North, Samuel. Poole, Robert Paylin, James Thompfcn Parkinson, Charles Peifchell, James Reid, Joshua Robinson, the Honourable Montgomerie Stewart, Joseph Simmons, Joseph Stevenson, Robert Sloper, Thomas Smith, Sir Stewkley Shuckburgh Baronet, the Honourable Washington Shirley, Edward Stracey, Joseph Sanders, Jofias Henry Stracey, Thomas Smith, Layton Smith, Ambrose Wallis, Joseph Wood, Wil-tiam Wood, George I. Halts, Janus Watts, and Henry Wright, together with such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, as they or the major Part of them present at any General or Special General Assembly to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, shall nominate and appoint, and their several and respective Successfors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in i lcorporated. the Undertaking to be executed by this Act, shall be, and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for the making, completing, and maintaining the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueducts, and other Works, hereby authorized to be made, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after expressed, and shall for that Purpose be One Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworksand by that Name shall have a perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall or may l'ue and be sued, and shall also have full Power to purchase Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to them, their Successors and Assigns,

for

46° GEORGII III. Cap. rig. 2491

for the Use of the said Undertaking, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- TheCompmy pany of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such m*y rai<* Proportions as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money not fdvesaSun?«v exceeding in the Whole the Sum of t hirty Thousand Pounds (except as Money, not herein-after mentioned), which said Sum of Money shall be laid out and jo^r.'oT5 applied in the First Place in discharging the Expences of obtaining and

passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining the said ReservOirs aftd . aqueducts, and other requiiire Works and Con leniencies thereto, and for otherwise carrying the several Purposes of this Act into EtEectition, and the said Suin of Thirty thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each; and that no Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, of Person contributing thereto, or becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, do become a Proprietor of less than One'Share, or more that*

Five Shares, either in his own Name or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons, in Trust for them, him, or her, (unless the same shall come to him, her, or them by Will, Bequest, Descent, Right of Administration, or Marriage), upon Pain of forfeiting to' the said Company of Proprietor all such Shares exceeding Five Shares; and such Shares shall be, and are hereby vested in the several Persons and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so subscribing and contributing to the fame, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons whosoever,' their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severallysubscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be called for and demanded by virtue of this Act for carrying on and completing the said Undertaking,

shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors, by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Person, having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Pro- pb^".j1obe portions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other EiUte* Person and Persons, of and in the said Undertaking, or the joint Stock

or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Personal Ell ate, and iranfiniflible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it futher enacted, That every Body Politick, Corporate, or Sut-fenbers t* Collegiate, and every Person who shall by virtue of this Act have subscribed forevVV*6

or Share»

2492

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11 g.

or undertaken for One Share in the said Undertaking, his, her, of theif but not ex respective Successors, Executors, and Administrators, shall have a Vote

cteding Five for every such Share, but not exceeding Five Votes in the Whole, al-WiSkm thC poffoifed of more than Five Shares (except as herein-after excepted)

in the General and Special General Assemblies, to be holden as herein Votes m- b* aPP°*’lted *or carrying on the Undertaking; which Vote or Votes may

g veu by"* be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy,

Proxy. constituted under the Seal of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or the Hand of the Proprietor constituting the said Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking*, and every such Vute by Proxy wall be as good and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Person; and every Chieftion, Matter, or Thing which shall be proposed, difculfed, or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prefenr, computing One Vote to every Share, provided that the Members present be possessed of not less than Fifty Shares: Provided nevertheless, that no rerson shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Five Shares; and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made according to the Form following } (that is to say).

r A.B. of One «f the Proprietors of

‘ A £he West Middlesex Waterworks, do hereby nominate, constitute, and ‘ appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy, in my

‘ Name, and in my Absence, to vote or give my Assent or Biflent to

any. Business, Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking in

such Manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his

‘ Opinion and Judgement, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or ‘ any Thing appertaining thereto. In Wimefs whereof, I have hereunto ‘ set my Hand [or> Seal] the Day of .*

not Entitled to ^rov‘^e£^ always, and be it enacted, That, from and after the

vote unieut First Day of October next ensuing, no Proprietor shall be deemed r?s!w» qualified to vote for himself, or by Proxy, who has not possessed his Share Two Calendar or Shares, and been entered in the Books of the said Company as the Month*. Potfessor and Proprietor of such Share and Shares, for the Space of Two Calendar Months; and that no Proprietor who has not pofllffed his Share or Shares for the said Space of Two Calendar Months, shall be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, by himself or by his Proxy, under Pain of forfeiting his said Share or Shares to the Use of the said Company: Provided also, that no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote for any Share or Shares either by himself or by his Proxy, unless he possefles the fame bond fide, and in his own Right, and not as the Right or Property of any other Person whomsoever, upon Pain of forfeiting the said Share or Shares to the Use of the said Company,

p,ircr to rxfe

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before letvesa further authorized to be raised shall be found inefficient for the making, com-Sum, of i>e:e(- pleting, and maintaining of the said Reservoirs and Aquedutts, and other 3’ingtC* r^c Works hereby authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and 5<*>oai., Exrences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful

46° GEORGII . III. Cap. 119. 249’

fu! for the kid Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions, as to them shall Teem meet, or tQ raise by the Admission of new Subscriber:, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding, the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds; and every Body Pol tick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person, bring a Subscriber towards raising such further or other Sum of M >ney, shall he a Proprietor in t.hc kid Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by phemselves, himself, or herself, or their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the kid additional Sum to be ruikd, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Sum they, he, or (lie, shall or may subscribr thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised had originally been Part of the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds j 'any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in an) wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Com- «r»<* »aise tb« pany of Proprietors shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of Fif-y thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds on the Credit of the kid Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the kid Undertaking, and the Sums of Money arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, (the Gods and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Sums of Money), as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance the fame; all which said Alignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the kid Company of Proprietors, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

« T>Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of FormofMcrt*

King George the Third, intituled, "An Act \_bere insert the Ttle gage*

cf tBft /k7], We, the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertak-

ing, incorporated by and under the laiJ Act, in Consideration of the ‘ Sum of to us in Hand paid by

1 A.B. of do hereby bargain, fell, and

sllign un'to the said A.B. his Executors,

1 Administrators, and Assigns, the said Undertaking, and all the Works

thereto belonging, and all and fi igular the Sums of Money arising and ‘payable to us for Water by Urtue of the said Act, and all our Estate,

Right, Title* and Inlereft of, in, and to the fame, to hold unto the ‘ said A.B. his Executors, Adminidtatori, a d Assigns, until the said

Sum of . with interest for the fame,

‘ after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid and fadsfied. Given under our Common Seal this Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and .*

And all Persons to whom Inch Alignment shall be made shall be equally entitled, one with the other, to their Proportion of the said Sums and \Loc,*J$Ter\~\ 28 C ' Premises,

2494

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lit).

P.emifes, according to the respective Sums in such Alignment mentioned to be advanced, without any Pieference by reason of the Priority of any such Alignments, or any other Account; and a Memorial of every such Alignment, containing the Date, Name or Names, Addition or Additions, or the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and Kate of Interest, shall, within Thirty Days from the Date of every such Alignment, be entered in One or more Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, and shall and may be perused at all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking, and any ocher Persons interested therein, with-Which More- out Fee or Reward; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Assign-gagerraybe ment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money auigned. due thereonj (Kail and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein to any Person or Persons, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which Transfer shall and may be in the Form or to the following Effect j (that is to say).

Form of 4 T A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum

Alignment, X Qf paid by C.D. of

1 Do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage made by the Company of Pro-

prietors of The West Middlesex Waterworks, to

bearing Date the Day of

for securing the Sum of and all interest now

due and to become due thereon, and all my Right and Property therein,

to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Aligns. Dated

this Day of in the

4 Year of our Lord One thousand Eight hundred and

And every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall cause a Memorial to be rn^de thereof, in like Manner as of the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which Memorial the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall from thenceforth entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage, and it shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons, who shall have made any such Alignment, to make void, release, or discharge ihe original Mortgage, or aoy Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof.

Interest to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money

be paid which snail be borrowed or raised by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall

Half-yearly, provided for, and paid Half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, before any Yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided.

Mortgagees

IX. Provided always, That no Person to whom any such Mort* not to be gage or Alignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall. a^Prc^ne ^terr,eci a EroPrietor of any Share, or be capable of ailing or

for, T voting by virtue of such Mortgage or Alignment, at any Assembly or snares. Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for or on account of his

or

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119. 2495

or her having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of any such Alignment.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Notice to be Money l'o lent and advanced on Mortgage, Oiall be paid offi and dif- 8'v<;n of charged (save and except with the Content of 'he Person or Persons so

lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money) unlelsSix Calendar Months previous No.ice, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, shall have been given to the Person or Persons lending and advancing such Sum or Sums or Money, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, of such their Intention to pay uff and discharge the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the First *nd said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act inro Execution shall °tJ,eT^er,e* be held ac the Fretmafons Tavern in Great Queen Street, Lincoln's Inn ^iei cin" Fields, in the County of Middlesex, upon the Tuesday Four Weeks after the passing of this Act, or as icon after as conveniently may be, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon; and all future General Assemblies of the said Company (except such Special General Assemblies as hereinafter mentioned) shall be held on the First Tuef/lay in the Months of May and November in every Year, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, at such Place or Places as the said Company of Proprietors ac their preceding General Assemblies shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, of which future General Assemblies Ten Days previous Notice ac least shall be given by public Advertisement, to be inferred in some Newspapera usually circulating in the County or Counties through which the said Works shall pals, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors at their respective General Assemblies shall direct; and at such General Assemblies it shall be the Duty of the Directors of the said Company to report to the Proprietors at large the State of the said Undertaking, and their Proceedings in carrying this Act into Execution, which Reporc shall be fairly entered into the Books of the Corporation by the Clerk, and a Copy of the fame be left at their Head Office for the peruf* al or the Proprietor', who, Avail have Accel’s thereto during such Hours as the said Office is usually open,

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Officers of shall, at their first General Assembly, or at any Adjournment of the fame, ‘beCom-nominate and appoint by Ballot Twelve Per fens, of and out of the said ^a"uvrt o^Di Company of ProprietO'S, to be Directors for conducting the Business of rectors. the said Undertaking, until the next General Assembly of the said Company ro be holden on the First Tuesday in the Month of May then next enluingi but no Person shall be capable of being chosen, or of acting as

such Director, unlef* he shall hold and be po fit fled of Five Shares at the lealt in the said Undertaking: Provided always, that no Person holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contraft under the said Company, shall be capable of being chosen or acting as a Director during the Time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, Employment, or holding such Contraft.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Compare of Propris- Chairm*n to tors .»t their General and Special General Assemblies shall and may appoint be appointed, a Chairman; and such Chairman shall n-t only Vote as a Proprietor or

Proxy,

2*96 46° GEORGII nr. Cap. tig.

Proxy, but, in Case of an Equality of Votes, shall have the decisivehr catting Vote.

Subsequent Appointment of Directors (by the Proprietor*) in the room ofthofe yoing out of

Office by Rotation.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Twelve Directors so nominated and appointed, or the Person or Persons appoinred in their Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Office unril the First Tuesday in the Month of May next after such Nomination and Appointment, and on such Day Four of the said Directors shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Compativ; and in order to derermine who of the said Directors shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Company, the Clerk of the said Company, at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on that Day, (or some Adjournment thereof) shall and he is hereby required to write, upon Twelve dittinfl Pieces of Paper, of equal Size, the Name of one of each of the said Directors, and all such Papers shall be rolled up tn the same Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Four of such Papers shall then be drawn our of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and the Four Directors, whose Names fh.111 be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Company; and the said Company shall then nominate and appoint Four other Members of the said Company, who shall fev<°rally be possessed of and entitled to Five Shares ar the lead in the said Undertaking, and such Four Persons so appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in Case of Death or Ke-fufal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed) and no longer; and on the First Tuesday in the next succeeding Month of May Four more of the Directors first nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act as Directors, or the Person or Persons nominated cr appointed in his or their Room or Stead shall go out of C-ffice and cease to be Directors of the said Company j and in order to determine who of such Eight Directors shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Company, the Clerk of the said Company, at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on rhat Day (or at iome Adjournment thereof) shall and he is hereby required to write upon Eight distinct Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size, the Name of one of each of such Directors, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and put into a Box or Wheel by such Clerk, and Four of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and the Directors, whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Company; and the said Company shall then nominate and appoint Four orher Members of the said Company qualified as aforesaid, to be Directors of the said Company, in the Room or Stead of Inch Four Directors, and such Four Persons so nominated and appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in Case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act dneCl-td) and no longer; and on the First Tuesday in the next succeeding Month of May the Four remaining Directors first nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act as Directors, or the Person or Persons nominated or appointed in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Company; and the said Company shall, at ih-ir General Assembly to be holden on that Day, nominate and appoint such Four other Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be Directors of the said Company, in the Room or Stead of such

Four

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119. 2497

Four Directors, and such Four Persons so nominated and appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in Case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed) and no longer; and on the First Tuesday in every luccreding Month of May in each and every Year, Four DirectOrs out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be nominated and appointed by the said Company, and such Four Directors shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in Case of Death or Refusal to act, or ce.ifing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed) and no longer

Provided always, th.it it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors ag<.in to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons lo qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office to be a Director or Directors of the said Company.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case on any such First Cafe Di-Tuesday in the Month of May in any Year no such Nomination and Ap- rectors are pointment of such Four Directors shall be made, then and in every such aP£j>,nt* Cafe another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Tuef- Oaymen-day following, for the Purpose of making such Election; and in case no tioned, an-such Nomination and Appointment of such Four Directors shall be then other Meet, made, then and in every such case another Meeting of the said Company 8 that V. shall be holden on the Tuesday following; for the Purpose of making al ar‘ such Election, and so totits quoties, unril such Four Directors shall be P chosen, but such Four Directors shall not continue in Office, or be Directors of the said Company, for any longer Space of Time than if they had been elected on the said Fii ft Tuesday in the Month of May as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Subsequent nominated and appointed by the said Company as a Director or Directors Appoint-of the said Company shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, menc ot D‘-or shall not or cease to be entitled to Five Shares at the least in the said Fro^rie

Undertaking, or shall hold any Place, Office, Employment, or Contraft for's) "in^he" under the said Company, then and in every such Case it shall and may be Roomofihofe lawful to and for the said Company to nominate and appoint, at fume who 01,11 Assembly of the said Company, some Person or Persons qualified as afore- ofbc-1° said to be a Director or Directors of the said Company, in the Room or cor^c diiqua-Stead of the Director or Directors so dying or refusing to act, or ceasing lifted, to be so qualified, or holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contraft under the said Company, and every Person so nominated and appointed (had have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Person in whose Rot m or Stead he shall be so nominated and appointed, and shall continue in Office as a Director for such Time, and no longer, as the Director in whole Room or Stead he shall befo nominated or appointed would have continued in Office.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if at any sech General Aflehrr- General Af-bly there shall not be Persons present, either as Principals or Proxies, fembli«»for who shall be possefitd of or entitled unto ac least Fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, such General Assembly of the said Company shall be ad- Consist of journrd to that Day Fortnight to be holden at the same Place, and so Fifty bbar«s. from Time to* Time until there shall be such Persons present at such [Lee. Per ] *28 Z> General

2498

No Director, Sec. to be concerned in any Con_ *c.

Powers to

General

Assemblie*.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

General Assembly, having such Number of Shares as aforesaid, and of every such adjourned Meeting Five Days Notice shall be given in 1 hree or more of the London Newspapers; and in case of Failure of the assembling of a sufficient Number of Proprietors, having such Shares, as Principals or Proxies, at such General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such Second or adjourned General Assembly in Person or by Proxy, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company, for every Share which he or she shall possess in the Paid Undertaking, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be deduced out of his or her next succeeding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking (as the Case may happen) } and in case no Interest or Devidends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then and in such Case such Penalty and forfeiture of Ten Shillings shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Meanses any other Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act may be levied and recovered,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Director shall hold any Contract, or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Act, or be beneficially employed, or in any Manner interested or concerned, directly or indirectly, in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Company j and in case any Director shall hold any Contract, or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Act, or shall be in any Manner bcneT ficially employed or concerned, directly or indirectly, in supplying, any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Company, every such Director shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together wich full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and One Half of such Penalty, when recovered, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Half shall be paid to the said Company to be applied to the Purposes of this Act j and the Person or Persons so convicted shall be absolutely disqualified from acting any longer as a Director or Directors of the said Company} and no Director interested in any such Contract, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, shall vote in any Question touching or concerning the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority ar any such General Assembly to remove and displace any Director nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act, and from Time to Time to nominate and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their room or stead } and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special General Assembly, to order and dispose of the Custody of their Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof, and to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, for the good Government of the said Company, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or any of them, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against the fame, as to such General or Spc-

2499

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. it9.

cial General Assembly shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Rules, Be Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal or the said Comp my, and printed, shall be binding upon and observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall ail under the lame, provided that the lame b? nor repugnant ro the I ,aws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them; and every such General and Special General Assembly shall have Power to call for, audit, and settle all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on Account of the said Undertaking, by the Treasurers, Receivers, or Collectors of any Money for the said Company, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by, or concerned for or under them in and about the said Undertaking, and the Works thereto belonging; but no Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be given, or have any Power in or as to the auditing and Settlements of Accounts; and the said Company shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places as shall at any such General or Special General Assemblies be thought proper and convenient.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear AssembI.es rhat for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution a Special of the Pro-General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be befJje'ciaTly^ held, it shall be lawful for any Nine of the said Proprietors, possessing in convened/ the whole Fifteen Shares in the said Undertaking, to cause Twenty.one

Daws Notice at lealt to be given of such Special General Assembly in forfie Newspaper usually circulating in the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey (as the Case may be) or in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting such Special General Assembly, and the Time when, and the Place where the same shall be holden, which Place shall be within Two Miles of the Head Office of the said Waterworks; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuanc to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present at such Special General AiTembiy shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors with respect to such Matters alone as shall be specifkd in such Notice; and in such Acts,

Orders, or 1Lterminations of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them lb met together at every such Special General Assembly (provided that the Proprietors prelect, either as Principals or Proxies, shall be pofiTcfifed of at lealt Fifty Snares in the said Undertaking) shall be as valid with respeCi to the Matters specified in such Notice as if the fame had been done at ar.y Hated General Assembly.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said offi.ento Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly to nominate and ap- the Cum-poinc, under the Common Seal of the said Company;' a Treasurer or pany to be Treasurers, E gineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Col- aPP°‘nte<* iedtors, and such other Officers as to them the Lid Company of Proprietors Hull seem proper, and from Time to Time to remove any fuctl Trealtuef or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clerks, Col-

Icdtnr or Collectors, or other Officers, or any of them, and to nominate and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their room or (lead, in Manner

2500

For appointing Officers in Cafes of Vacancies.

Officers, Sec. t o account.

46° GEORGII in Cap. 119.

Manner aforesaid, taking such Security from every such Treasurer, Fit. gincer, Clerk, Coliedor, or other Officer, for the due Execution of their fespective Offices, and granting them such Salary or Compenfition as the said Company of Proprietors ffiail think proper; and such Clerk or Clerks shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided by the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from T me to Time become Owners and Proprietors of or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors and Directors respectively, and each of the said Pro. prietors of ti e said Undertaking shall and may at all Times have recourie to, and peruse and insped the lame, and also the Book or Byoks to be kept by the Chief or other Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or any Part thereol, paying the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied; and if arfy such Clerk or C!e;ks to the said Company of Proprietors shall refuse to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors, so. inter relied as aforesaid, to inspector peruse such Book or Books of Proceedings at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twen'.y Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors to suspend or remove any Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Coliedor, Officer, or Servant of the said Company, for any Neglect, Misconduct, or Inability, and to appoint some other Person in their respective Places, and also rto fill up the Vacancies that may occur by Death, Resignation, or otherwise; but in cale any such new Appoinment shall be made by the said Directors, the same shall only continue until the next General or Special General Afferr.blyof the said Proprietors, when the Appointment of such Person shall either be confirmed, or such other fit Person shall be appointed to succeed to such Office, as the said Proprietors at such General or Special General Assembly shall think proper.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Coliedor, and all other Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Comp2ny'of Proprietors or their Directors ffiail direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in writing of a!! Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Coliedor, Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively received by vi:tue and Hr the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper d legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as ffiail remain in their respective Hands to the fold Company of Prop ictor , or to the said Directors, or to fitch Person or Pehfohs as they rcfcc^Uvcl/ shall appoint; and if any such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Coliedor T Officer, or Person shall refuse to produce or deliver up lu.v. Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, of In lThht

deliver

25 Ot

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lit).

deliver to the said Company of Proprietors or to the said Diieftors, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Directors, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this A<ff, or shall refuse or negleff: to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors, or as they respectively shall direct or appoint, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid the said Company of Proprietors may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Treasurer, Engineer> Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or relufing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Cleric, Collector, Officer or Offiers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Directors, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively Hi all appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Cnv, or Place wherein the said Treasurer, Engineer, Cle k. Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, co cause the Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Offiers, Person or Persons so refilling or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his, her, or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and if upon the Cunftffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Wimeffes upon Oath, it shall appear to inch Justices that any of the Monies rhar shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall ft ill persist in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid ro the said Company or Proprietors, or to the said Directors, or as they respectively shall appoint, then and in any or either of the Cales aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for such County, City, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or with the said Directors, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they rd'pectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfactson in respt 61 thereof to the fare Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors but no Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collec-[Loc. (£ Per.] it li for,

2502

t ower of the Directors.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. tig.

for, Officer, or Person so committed for Want of sufficient Distress, shall be confined or detained in Pril'on by virtue of this Act, for any longer Space than Twelve Calendar Months.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Director shall have more than One Vote at any Meeting of the said Directors, except the Chair* man, and who, in Case of an Equality of Votes upon any Qutflion which may be agitated at any Meeting, shall have the calling Vote, although he may have given One Vote before; and all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in or directed to be exercised by the said Directors may be done and exercised by the major Par: of them prefenc at their ret'pedlive Meetings, the whole Number present not being lef$ than Three; and the said Directors shall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to the said General Assemblies, and if required, to the said Special General Assembles of the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions, and the said Directors shall (subject nevertheless at all Times to such Orders and Directions as aforesaid) meet at such Times and Places, and shall from Time to Time adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places as they shall think fit; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Directors shall from Time to Time receive out of the said Capital Stock of the said Proprietors such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjust-eti, and settled at such General Assemblies; and the said Directors shall and may contract for and agree for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that may be taken for the Purposes of the said Undertaking and the Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may settle, adjust, and determine all Matters, Questions, and Differences, which shall or may aril'e between the said Company of Proprietors and the several Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall or may be taken, used, damaged, or affcdled by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and shall and may make Contradls, Agreements, and Bargains, with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned in making and completing, and continuing the Works belonging to the said Undertaking, and all and every Part or Parts thereof; and the said Directors shall (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions of such General or Special General Assemblies as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to direct and manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Directors shall by themselves, or the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, keep a full and true Account of all Money disbursed and Payments made by the said Directors, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on Behalf or in respect of the said Undertaking from any Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, employed in or having any Concerns, Dealings, or Transactions with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and shall regularly, by themselves or their Clerk as aforesaid, write, inferr, and enter in a Book or Books to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, Minutes or Copies (as the Case shall require) of every such Coniradl, Bargain, Receipt, and Disbursement, and all other their1 Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books shall be depofued with and kept locked np under r.VeCate

2S°3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

and Direction of the said Directors; provided always, that every Pro* prietor shall have free Access thereto upon every reasonable Desire for his and her Inspection; and the said Directors shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls for Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the fame, as they the said Directors from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Poonds upon each Share, and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Thirty Days at least from each other, and Twenty-one Days Notice at the least shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid, by Advertisement in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulating in the City of London and the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, or in such ocher Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct and appoint} provided that it shall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have paid to the said Company, in obedience to the said Calls, or otherwise, the full Amount of the Sum which by his, her, or their Subscription he, she, or they had undertaken to pay for his, her, or their, said Share or Shares, and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Directors shall from Time to Time order and direct and if any Person or Persons shall negied or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Directors, or within T hirty Days next ensuing, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Share he, she, or they, shall have in the Taid Undertaking j and if such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, all which Shares so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust for, and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special General AiTcmblies, be publickly fold for the Life of the rest of the said Proprietors whole Shares and Interests shall not have been forfciied as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that no Advantage shall be t tken of any Forfeiture of any Share or Shares, until Notice shall have been given to or left ar the ufuA or I aft Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be known to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange in the City of London, ner until the lame Share or Shares shall like wife have been declared to be forfeited at l’omc General or Special General Assembly of the Company of Proprietors.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the respective Person> who have subscribed, or who shad hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be

Owner

Subfctibtfrf-

to psy their

Subscrip-

tier*.

2S°4-

Dirfcting *hc Proceedings in Atfions for Calls.

Directors may allow Interest to Proprietors on Payment is advance.

46° GEORGII III. Gap. Mg.

Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares ifl the said Undertaking, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the Directors of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act) at such Times and Places, and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Directors; and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place, and in Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought by the said Company of Proprietors, against any Person or Persons who hath or have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribeor advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or against any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount to, for such and so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company, by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter j and on the Trial of such Action it shall be only necessary 10 prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls, was or were an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Waterworks, and that such Call or Calls was or were in Fast made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Act j and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds, or was made within the Distance of Thirty Days from the last preceding Cali, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be ltayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effectj and also if the said Judg* ment shall be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-profted, to latisfjr and pay the Debt, Damages, and Coils adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Colls and Damages to be awarded for delay of Non-execution.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subscriber to the said Undertaking, shall be minded and desirous to pay or advance immediately into the Hands of the said Directors, or of the Person whom they shall appoint to receive the same, the full Amount of hie Subscripr

tion

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lit). 2505

tion for such Share or Shares for which he may have subscribed, or any Part thereof, not being less than a Sum of Fifty Pounds, without waiting for the Paid Call or Calls, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Directors to pay to the said Subscriber or Subscribers, out of the Funds of the said Company, Interest upon the fame at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Amount which such Payment or Advance may be over and above the said Calls, and from the Period of the Call immediately preceding such Payment or Advance, up to the Period of such subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum then in Advance, over and above the Amount of the said Call.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, On the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall happen to die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the fhdr^'xecu-full Sum or Sums to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he> she, tors may or they shall have been possessed of, or entitled to, without having made complete the Provision by Will or otherwise, how and in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls 1 cir arcs‘ in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner or Owners so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunatics,

Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be an Owner or Owners, Proproprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on Condition that hr, she, or they so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees,

Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, in his, her, or their Lifetime, by virtue of any Call or Calls or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums ol Money as the fame can be sold for j and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or arc willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to, and become vested in the rest of the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in Trust for, and for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in Propqrtion to their respective interests in the said Undertaking, and Qjaft be subject to be sold and disposed of in like [Lee. tA Per*J 28 F Manner

Z$c6 46° GEORG 11 1X1/ Vhp. 119.

Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue-of this Act.

Shares may

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fe-bc fold. veril Proprietors of the said Undetr.iking, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Alliens, to sell and dispose of any Share or 'Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form, or to the Efftft following; ‘videlicet:

Form of ‘ [ A.B. in consideration of paid to

Conveyance 5 me by C.D. of Do hereby bargain,

of Snares. t fcn# assign, and transfer to the said C.D. the Sum of

h Capital Stock of and in the West Middlesex Waterwo>ks,

‘ being Part [or, the Whole, as the Case may be'] of my Share [or. Shares]

in the said Undertaking, to hold to the said C.D. his,- per, her] Execu-

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders,

‘ and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that I held the fame rrn-

mediately before the Execution hereof; and 1 the said C.D. do hdreby

agree to take, and accept the said Capital Stock or Share, subject to’^he

same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witness c/tir

‘ Hands and Seals, the Day of c

And on every such Sale, the said Deed of Conveyance being executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purposl, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Compan'j9 and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the faib Deed of Sale or Transfer for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

No Shares

XXX. And be further enacted, That after any Call of such Money shall be fold shall have been made by the said Directors as aforesaid, no Person or tn/he^811* Persons ^all fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they Money is shall possess in the said Undertaking, on Pain of forfeiting his, her, or paid. their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprie-

tors, in Trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she, or they, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer shall have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share lb fold or transferred, such Forfeiture, nevertheless, to be notified and declared at a General or Special General Assembly.

For after-

XXXI. And whereas in Cafes where the original Subscriber of One or taming the more Share or Shar& in the said Undertaking shall die, become infol-Proprietor- 6 vent.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11 g. 2507

vcnr, or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transferhis Right [hip of Shares and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made Ctrta,a of the Trans fer thereof with the said Clerk, as directed by this Acti 3 it may not be in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them Notice or Notices of Calls made on such Share or Shares as is hereby required, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her, or them for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her or them the Interests or Dividends to which he, fine, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; BE it further enacted, That in all the Cafes aforesaid, where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking flnall pass from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Per- t son or Persons by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof as herein directed, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have parted to such other Person or Persons, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that he may, and he is hereby required to enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or Lift of Proprietors in the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the said Clerk j and that in all or any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General Meeting, after Three Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Owners or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and such Person or Persons shall not have paid, his, her, or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and after Notice thereof shall have been given thereof Three Times, at the Intervals of Fourteen Days between each Advertisement, in some Two London Newspapers circulating in the said Counties of Middle (ex and Sumy, to declare at any General Meeting the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited, and in such Case the same shall be and become forfeited, and fold and di(poled of in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall di-re^,-or other wise become consolidated in the general Fund of the said Company.

XXXII. And, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the ^amej of said Undertaking, as to their respective Shares therein, BE ic further *Number enatted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and are hereby re- cj the.r quired, at their Second or some subsequent General Meeting, ro cause shares to be the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be entered ,n.a then entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of T0°k?(*n Shares which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and aKb the pro- the per Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and Numbers, distin&ly entered in a Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk to the delivered to laid Company of Proprietors; and after such Entry made, to cause their them* Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, (lie, or they is entitled in the said Under-uking, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and

Sixpence,

2508 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

Sixpence, and no more, for every such Certificate or Instrument; and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the Want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner oi Proprietor of any of the said Shares from telling or disposing thereof; and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced, worn our, or damaged, or shall be (ound to have been lost or destroyed, then another shall made out, and entered by the Clerk, on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforesaid.

Power to

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company of Proprirors and their Successors, by themselves, their

take Land, Deputies, Officers, Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Assistants, to make,

&C’ comple e, maintain, and keep Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueducts,

Water Wheels, Fire Engines, and other Engines, Pipes, and other Conveniences in the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of Saint Luke Chelsea, on the West Side of the Line or Boundary hereinafter particularly described, such Part of the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster, as lies within the Town of Kensingtony and also in the several Parishes, Town-ships, or Places of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington, Saint Paul Hammer* smith, All Saints Fulham, Saint Nicholas Chi/wick, Saint Mary Ealing, Saint Mary Hanwell, Old Brentford, New Brehlford, Heflony blourjlow, and All Saints, IJleworthy in the said County of Middtefexy and in the Parishes, Townships, or Places of Saint Mary Battersea, Saint Mary Wandsworth, Saint Mary Putney, Saint Mary Barnes, Mortlake, Saint Mary Magdalen Richmond, and Saint Anne Kewy in the said Counry of Surrey, and other Places, for supplying the lame respectively with Water from the River Thames by the said Waterworks; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby fully empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to supply the said intended Waterworks and the said Relervoirs and Aqueduds, whilst the same shall be making, and at all Times for ever after the same shall be made, with Water from the River Thames, and to make such and so many Feeders, Tunnels, and Shafts, and to make, erect, and set up such and lo many Stop Gates, Locks, Sluices, Weirs, Engines, Steam Engines, and other Machines for supplying the said Waterworks and the said Relervoirs and Aquedu&s with Water, and for any other Purports for the making, maintaining, and using of such Waterworks, Reservoirs, and Aquedutts, as they the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, shall from Time to Time think proper and expedient j and for the better effectuating the Purposes aforesaid the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, are hereby empowered to go, enter, and pass in, upon, over, under, or through the Lands and Grounds, Brooks, Screams, Waters, Highways, Roads, Passages, Streets, Commons, and all other Lands and Places of or belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, and to set out and ascertain such Part or Parts thereof as they the said Company of Proprietors shall think necessary and proper for making, completing, maintaining, improving, and using the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and Aquedu&s, and all such other Works, Matters, and Conveniences as they shall think necessary for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, and to bore, dig, cut,

trench,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

trench, and sough, and to remove and lay Earth; Clay, Stone, Rubbish. Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel, or Sand, or any ocher Matters or Things which may be dug or gotten in the making of the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and Aqueduds, or the Tunnels, Shafts, Trenches, Paflarres, Sluices, Pens for Water, Gutters, Soughs, Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and other the Works of the said Waterworks, Re-fervoirs, and Aquedutls, or which may prevent or obstrud the making, completing, maintaining, and using the fame, or any of them respectively, according to the true Intent and Purport of this Act; and also to conftrtift, make, build, and set up, in or upon the said Reservoirs or Aqueduds, or upon the Lands adjoining to or lying near the fame, such and so many Banks, Bridges, Fords, Tunnels, Shafts, Aqueduds, Pipes, Sluices, Locks, Weiis, Pens for Water, Drains, Steam Engines, Houses, or ocher Buildings upon the fame, and other Works for raising and returning Water for the Use of the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and Aqueduds, and for the conveying of Water from one Level to another, and for all other the Purposes of the said Undertaking*, and also to make such Engines, Watch-houses, and other Works, Roads, Ways, and Conveniences, and all such Cisterns, Ponds, Basons, Main pip cs. Rider Pipes, Hand Pipes, Stand Pipes, Service Pipes, Branches of Lead, and other Metal Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Cocks in common, Stock Cocks, Valves, Fire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks, Boxes, Mains, Ferries, Feeders, Faniers, Drains, Pumps, Sluices, and all such other Works and Devices as and wherever the said Company of Proprietors shall think requisite for the several Purposes of this Act; and all'o from Time to Time to divert, alter, and repair, widen, enlarge, amend, and discontinue the fame, and to make and maintain any other Works or Conveniences of or belonging to the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and Aqueduds respectively, as shall be deemed needfary or proper for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, amending, maintaining, and using the said Waterworks, Relervoirs, and Aqueduds respectively, and the Works thereof, and for carrying and conveying Articles and Things to and from the said Waterworks j and also to place, lay, manufacture, and work any Materials on the Grounds where found, or near to the Place or Places where the said Works or any of them shall be, or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done; and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences or Passages over, under, or through the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and Aqueduds, and the Works and Conveniences which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter belong to or communicate therewith, and also to make, fee out, and appoint such Paths, Banks, and Ways, convenient for passing in, through, along-fide, or upon the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and Aqueduds, and Feeders to the said Works, for any such Purposes as they the said Company of Proprietors shall think convenient; and also to dig, take, anti carry away, for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, any Clay, Soil, Gravel, Sods, or Loam, which may be proper and convenient for making the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, Steam Engines, or other Works, and also for repairing, supporcing, maintaining, and using the fame, in, upon, or from any Grouods adjoining or lying contiguous or convenient thereto, and to construd, ered, alter, keep in Repair, and ul'e any Piers, Arches, or other Works or Buildings, in, upon, or acrcfs any Creeks or Brooks for the making, using, maintaining, and repairing the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, Watercourses, [Lee. y Per.] 2* G and

*5°9

2510

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

and Feeders, and the Paths on the Sides of the said Works, without In> pediment, and also to construd, ered, do, and perform all other Matters and Things which shall be deemed necess.iry and convenient for the making, completing, using, preserving, and improving of the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueducts, and Feeders, and the Works connected therewith, in pursuance and within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, they the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Deputies, Officers, Workmen, and Servants doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers ro them hereby granted, and making full Satisfaction, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, to the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in any Lands or other Hereditaments which ffiili be taken and removed, diverted, or prejudiced, for all Damages which shall be sustained by such Owners or Occupiers of, and other Persons interested in the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be taken or used by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or which shall be prejudiced or damaged by being overflowed, or otherwise, in surveying, setting out, making, maintaining, altering, and repairing and using the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, and Feeders, or other Works, or in or by the Execution of any of the Powers 0) this Act; and this Act shall be efficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Servants, Workmen, and all other Persons for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted. Provided always That the Furnace of every Steam Engine to be erected by the said Company of Proprietors shall be construded upon the Principle of consuming its own Smoke.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall autly.rize or empower the said Company cf Proprietors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, in the making or completing of the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, or other Works relating thereto, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any House, Bridge, or other Building, which was erected or built on or before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which on or before that Time was set apart and used as or for a Yard, Park, Paddock, Garden, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Coni'ent of the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being.

the Works shall b< CJted.

Defcrlbing

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing the Limits herein contained shall extend, or be confirm'd to extend, to enable the within which Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, to lay or drive any t>>'wn- pjpeSj Trunks, or other Works, or to supply with Wa^er any of the

Inhabitants residing on the East Side of any of the Streets or Places forming the Line or Boundary hereinafter described, or into any of the Streets or Places on the East Side of the said Line or Boundary j (that is to say) from the River Thames up Robinson's La' e, Pouvd Lane to the King's Road eastward, along the King's Road 10 White Lands Lane, along White Lands Lane to the House now known by the Sign of The Admiral Keppel, in the Fulham Road, from The Admiral Keppel to the House now known by the Sign of The Horns at Brompton, from 7he Horns at Brampton, along Brompton Road, to the North End of Sloar.e blreet, irom the North End of Sloane Street across the Road to Hjde Park Wall, taking the Line that separates the Parish of Kensington on the East, nor to

2511

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11Q.

go into any Part of the City and Liberties of Westminster (excepting that Part of Saint Margaret's Westminster, lying in the Town of Kensington, and included in the Preamble); and in case the said Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks shall supply any House, Building, or Place, forming such Line, or included in the said Boundary, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterwoiks shall forfeit and pay to the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks the Sum of Ten Pounds per Annum, for every House or Building so served or supplied with Water, to be recovered by the said Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks, in any of His Majesty's Courts cf Record at PVe/lmijiJlery by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to intermeddle with, break up, take, or use for any of the Purposes in this Act mentioned, any Land or Ground belonging to the Ri^ht Honourable William Lord Kenfingtvn, Lord of the Manor of Earls Court, in the said County of Middlesex, or his Lessees, Tenants, or Undertenants, or to ered or construd any Engine, or o her Work, thereupon, or upon any Parc thereof, or to lay any Mains Drains, Pipes, or Aqueduds, in, upon, or through any of the Waste Lands belonging to the said Manor of Earls Courts so as to moled or injure the Houses, Buildings, or other Efrrdions already made upon any such Waste Land, or so as to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the said William Lord KenGngton, his Heirs or Assigns, or any other Person or Persons, by his or their Authority, from eieding or building any Houses, or ocher Erections, in of upon any such Waste Land, without the special Licence and Consent in Writing of the said William Lord Kensington, his Heirs cr Assigns, under his or their Hand or Hands, fur all or any of such Purposes first had and obtained.

XXXVII. And, in order to enable the said Company to supply the Inhabitants in the County of Surrey with Water, BE it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to convey and carry their Pipes over the respective Btidges of Battersea, Putney, and Kew, with the Consent of the major Part of the Trustees for, or Managers of the said Bridges, so that in conveying or carrying the said Pipes, no Damage be done to the said bridges, or Impediments placed in the Way of the Passengers over the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall be set out and ascercaintd for making the said Waterworks, Reicrvt irs, Aqueducts, f eeders, and other Works, or any Pait or Parts thereof, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all B dies Politic, Coiporare or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and to and for all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or r Years clrrcrminable on any Lite or Lives, and to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trudrcs and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other PerpHVs, Committees, Executors, and Admimdraiors, and all

other

For rest raining the Company from making Use of certain Lands belonging to Lord Kensington.

For carrying the Worka into the County of Surrey.

Politic and Corporate, Tenants for

other incapacitated Persons empowered to fell and cor.vey Lands for

2.512 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. ng.

the Purposes other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of aforesaid. themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but all'o for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants, IiTue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons, and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or incerested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Inrereft therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who is, are, or shall be feiled, possessed of, or inte-relted in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be so fee out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, lease, fell, and convey the fame and every Part thereof to the said Company of Proprietors; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors: And such of them as shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to the said Company of Proprietors shall be made according to the following Form

Form of the T A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

Cor^e^nce 1 A to rtie paid [or, in Consideration of the an-

pany? °m" 1 nual Rent to mc to be here-

‘ after yielded and paid by Yearly, or, Half-Yearly Payments, as may be agreed upon] by the Company of Proprietors of The West Middlesex Waterworks, do hereby grant and release to the said Company, all ‘ [describing the Premises to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said

Company and their Successors for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand

and Seal this Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand Eight hundred and .*

And if the Premises shall happen to beLeafehold for Years, they shall be assigned by a Form answerable to the above, only substituting the Words applicable to the Assignment of a Chattel, which said Conveyance shall be kept by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attelied Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame; and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One hundred Words of each such attelied Copy, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words.

Company

XXXIX. And whereas in order to carry into Effect the Purposes of this empowered Act, and to avoid Difpuces with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, or Lands which Hereditaments, which may be affected by making the said Waterworks, may not be Reservoirs, aqueducts, and other Works, the said Company of Proprie-wanted. tors may purchase Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments, not necessary to

be made use of for the Purposes of this Act j BE it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, absolutely to grant and convey such Part or Parts of the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lauds and Premises

as

4.6* GEORGII lit. Cap. lig.

as for a Way or Ways, Avenue or Avenues, P.-.ffrge < r P^ff re; a.n.i that all such Conveyances from the said Compa-nv or P oprierors shall oe valid and tffcdlual, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the con- ..ry thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Rents, or Premises, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Trea-lurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Dischargrs to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands, Rents, or Premises shall be fold, or (or so much thereof as in such Receipt shall be expressed to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not be answerable for any Losses, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands or Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchal’ed the fame, and in case such Person or Persons (h ill not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, then and in every such Cale an Affidavit being (‘worn before a Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interfiled in the said Land or Hereditaments, Rating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the ,amc was so made, which shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom rt was made, as the Case may be.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants, Demises, and Conveyances to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, under or 1 by virtue and in pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities to them hereby given, the Words " Grant, Bargain, and Sell" shall amount to, and be construed and adjudged in all Courts of Judicature, to be express Covenants to the Grantee, Lefiee, or other PurCnafei1, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the said Company of Proprietors, for themselves and their Successors, that they the said Company of Proprietors, notwithstanding any' Act done by’ them, were at the Time of the Execution of every such Grant, Lease, or Conveyance feiled of the Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted, conveyed, and (old, of an indefeasible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, fiee from all Incumbrances for quiet Enjbymertt thereof against the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors 6nd Assigns, and all claiming under them 5 and all such Pure halers should be indemnified and laved harmless by the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be had, received, and taken by the said Company of Proprietors, as the Confederation of any such Sale as aforesaid, or that may be reserved by way of Rent upon any such Leases so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in such and the like [Lee. & Per.] a8 H Manner

The Words

Baruair, and Sell,co operate as Covenants for the Tuie;

Application of Rent and Purchase Money.

*5 u 4.6'GILORGII III. Cap. 119.

Man er as any other Sums of Money arising or to arise from the said Waterworks, Refrrvoirs, aqueducts, and feeders, are hereby directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

Satisfaction

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every 10 ir,a,ir* Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every Person and Persons who is or are seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands or other Hereditaments, through, in, or upon which the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, AqueduTs, Watercourses, or Feeders, or other Works hereby authorized are intended to be made, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the said Works herein-before directed, either in gross Sums or by annual Rents (except in Cafes of Spiritual Persons, to whom Compenfacion for Glebe and Tythes shall be made by annual Rent, in Manner herein directed) as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors j and in case the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, and the Parties interested in such Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, as is hereinafter directed

If Partie? are

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic, dl'SUtheDi- Corporate, or Collegiate; or any Feoffee or Feoffees.in Trust, Executor, rectors De- Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee of or for any termination, Lunatic or Idiot, or any Feme Covert, or any Person, whether Tenant they may for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable to b^im^ on any J-ife or Lives, or other Person or Persons, so incerested or entitled parodied 2S aforesaid, shall be distatisfied with any Sum of Money offered by the o decide the said LireTors, or any Three or more of them, and shall give Notice Matter. thereof in Writing to the Clerk to the said Directors within Twenty-one Days next after the same shall have been made, or if any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons shall, upon Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee of or for any Lunatic or Idiot, or to such Feme Covert, Or to such Tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments to be made Use of for the Purposes of this AT for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement, or Agreements, as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or lhaft hot within the before-mentioned Space of Twenty.one Days procjuccaud

46° GEORGII III. Cap. uc. 2515

fully dirdofe the State of the Title* to the Premises which they are of shall be in Possession of, and to the Interest which they claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Directors, or any Three or more of them,

shall, and are hereby empowered and required, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County in which the Matter in Question shall arise: and in case any such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff shall be one of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office or Place o( Profit or Trust under them, or shall be otherwise interfiled in the Matter in Question, then to any One of the Coroners of such County, who shall not be so interested as aforesaid; and in case all the said Coro ners of such County shall be so interested, then to the last Person who filled the Office of Sheriff of such Counrv, and who shall not be interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twelve sufficient and indiffe«ent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Division, District, or Liberty wherein the Land or Premises shall be, at some Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden there, or at some Adjournment* as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and to attend such Court from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby empowered and required, by any Precept or Precepts, to summon and call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witnesss or Witnesses touching the Matter in question, and to hear and examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and the said Justices may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in Question* which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, and also the Oaths of such Persons as shall be called to give Evidence, such Justices are hereby authorized to administer) shall esquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money, or annual Rent, to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or other Hereditaments, or the Recompences to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame, and for any several and separate interests of any Owners, Tenants, Tenants for Life, or Lessees or Tenants at Will, or any other Interest therein, and the said Justices shall give Judgment for such Purchase Monies, Rent or Recompence, so to be assessed by such Jury, which said Verdict, and the Judgment thereupon to be pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Justice, and shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writer Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or elsewhere; any Law or Sratuteto the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff, or other Person Compelling so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or the Sheriff Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such Of- *° *um,n0« fence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or to give his Verdict, or shall

ssi6 46° GEORGII III. Gap. 115.

shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any i'erfort To summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refofe to be examined, or to give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no reaforrable Excuse, (to be allowed by the said' Jtlftices) IE ail for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds* which several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the 1 land and Seal of any One of the said Justices, by Dill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person lo offending, rendering to him the Overplus, after ftieh Penalty, and the Charges of such Did refs and Sale, shall be deducted j and every such Penalty so recovered from any Person who shall have been so summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall appear to the said J offices to be injured by the Default of such Person.

Puriflun.

Perkins

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Art, shall wilfully give false Evidence, or other wise forswear them (elves, before any such Jury,' or before any Justice of the Peace acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame; and upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

For making XLVf. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence and Satis-Satisfaction faction shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, for all the cr lythes. Tythes, both Great and Small, of the Lauds which shall or may be taken, or made use of by the said Company, for the Purposes and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the respective Persons entitled or who would have been entitled to such Tythes, in case such Lands had not been io taken or made Use of, according to their respective Interests therein, such Tythes to be estimattd at the Average Value of Seven Years, commencing at Michaelmas Day One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, such Average Value to be ascertained (in Case of any Difference concerning the same) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein-before directed to be ascertained 1 Provided always, that the Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act for all Glebe Lands and Tythes belonging to Spiritual Persons, shall be made to such Persons by an Annual Rent.

Expends of

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Cafe Witnesses where a Verdict shall be given (or more Money, or for a greater Annual b0<whom to ^cnt> as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, be paid? to Tenements, or other Hereditaments belong! *; to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to a . , Person or Persons whonifo-soever, or as a Compensation for any Damages done or to be done to such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, or other Property, than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company or their Directors, or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages, where the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation had been previuuffy offered or tendered in respect thereof by or on Behalf of the said Company, or their Directors, or where by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there

{ball

2517

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. tiq.

shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally ca-» pacitated to enier into a Contract with, and make Conveyances to and receive Compensation from the said Company, as herein-before mentioned, then and in all such Cases, all the Expences of summoning such Jury* and taking such Verdict, shall be defrayed by the said Company; but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum or Rent that had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, or for a less Sum than had been so previously offered, or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict, where the Difpure is for Damages only, or in Case of such Refusal or Neglect to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to or receive Compensations from the said Company or their Directors, by any Body or Bodies Poiltic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act, or other wise, legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive such Compensations as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons, with whom the said Company shall have such Concerns, Controversies, or Disputes, which said Costs and Expences, having been so settled, shall and may be deduded out of the Money so afieifed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person* as aforesaid, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money, shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; and in case no Damages shall be given by such Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, such Costs and Expences, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery pfany Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by this Act,

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices and Ju- Determioa-ries respectively, in their Awards, Determinations, Judgments, and tions b» the Verdicts, concerning the Value of Lands and other Hereditaments, shall yire,t-l0r* or separately and distinctly proportion off any particular Estate, Terms, or cerning^be interests* and also any Damages sustainea, or to be sustained by any Value of Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers La. ds, to be of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value fee upon such Estate, Term, and Interest, and the Money adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, jn° to cw. ft parately and apart from each other. peuf tions

iorDam get.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Ten- The Lands der of such Sum or Sums of Money, or giving good and sufficient Secu- are to veil rity for Payment of any such annual Rent as shall have been contracted absolutely in or agreed lor between the Parties, or adjusted and determined by any Jury the Lom' or Juries for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tythes, or other Heredita- She^eftner rr.ents, or as a Recompence for any Yearly Produce or Profits thereof, p.yingor or as a Compensation for Damages as herein-before mentioned, to the Kiving $cca-Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tythes,or other Hereditaments, of

or to such other Person or Persons as shall be imerefled therein, or ,he* Value of entitled to receive such Money, Rent, or Compensation respectively, or the Land, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the same shall <Jo.np«i»fa-have been actually (o agreed (or, determined, or alTcfted, or upon Payment lion for Da‘ ILoc. ts Per.] iS / ' of

2$i& 46° GEORGII III. Cttp.Hq.

of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England (in Case the same shall be requisite) in Manner by this Act directed and required, for the Use of such Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments respectively (or before Inch Payment or Tender, or Security given, by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the Yearly Profits thereof, and all the Eftare, Use, Trust, and Interest of any Person Or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth bd Veiled in, and becofne the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors, ro and for the Purposes of this Act, for ever] and such Tender, Payment, Investment, or Depolir, or the giving of such Security for the same as aforesaid, shall hot only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made] but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Estatei in Reversion and Remainder of his, her, or their issue, and of every other Person whomsoever, interested therein: Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment, Tender, investment, Deposit, or Security as aforesaid, shall be made, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Land> or Grounds of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security for the Purpose of making the said Waterworks, Defervo'irs, Watercouffes, and Feeders, aqueducts, or Works, or any of them, without the Confenc of such Person or Persons respectively.

V>rdia#of L. And be it further enacted, That each and every Verdict so given the Jury to shall be transmitted to, and be kept by the respective Clerks of the Peace, IT thtTclerk or ot*ier f*ersons having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter ot'the Peace. Sessions for the said Counties o> Mtadlesex and Surrey respectively, and shall be depofired with, and deemed to be Records of such Quarter S<T-fions respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever j and all Persons shall have liberty to inspect the lame, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any lets Number of Words.

Purchase

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which are

Monies, or to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffees in uonsd^eu) ^ru^» Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or Corporate other Trustees, or Persons acting as Guardians, Committees^ or other Bodies, Mi- Trustees for or on Behalf of any Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, nors, &c. to or other Ceftuiquc Trusts, or to any Person or Persons whole Lands or t* the Vame Elftatrs are limictd in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under C7fes,ice. any other DiLbility or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase or Exchange of, or the Damages to be done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers herein contained, shall Dc paid and applied in Manner following j (that is to lay) in case thd fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, it shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England^ in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the*. High Court of

2519

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Company of Proprietors of " The West Middlesex Waterworks," to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Taid Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, pffeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking ESed; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money so payable to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum o( Two Hundied Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Timbe being, entitled to the Rems and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid ac the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making Inch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Directors (such Nomination and Approbation to be signitied in Wricing under the Hinds of the nominating and approving Parties) in order chat such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before

dirededi

Application where the

Comprnfa-

ceed £.100.

2520

Application whew less than ;£.20.

In case of not making out Tialea i

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

Aibjed to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition'.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court OF Chancery.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money payable to such Corporation, or to any Person under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments in respect whereof the fame shall be paid, in such Manner as the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Per* so» or Persons to whom the said Directors shall direct the same to be paid, shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

LTV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Directors, or any Three or more of them j or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be notknowh or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties intereOed in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defcrilnng them] subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif-pofuion of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whefe Uses the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any

Question Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be

-ouchtri' ^'he Pa'^ *nt0 C^C England in the Name an.1 with the P ivity of the

Title to* Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pmfuance of this ACT:, Money to be for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, ot Hereoitamenrs, or of any

Estate,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. HQ.

Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends, or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, who shall from Time to Tims pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Lefiee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased, occupied, taken, and used by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenants at Will, or Lefiee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession (rom the said Company of Proprietors, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them to take such Possession; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Monrhs, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof, and in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid (all reasonable Satisfaction being first made or tendered) it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company, or any Three or mofe of them, to iflfue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County in which the Premises Fcr.] 28 K shall

paid, the Person who shall b: in Possession of the Lands, tcc. at the Time of such Purchase fii&ll be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possession, un-leis, 3tc.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

Tenant* at

Will to deliver Possession at Six Months Notice.

2522

Mortgagees id convey.

Respeflirg the Supply of Water.

+6* GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

shall be situate, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precepc or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly; and to levy such Colls as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distiefs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall on the Tender of the Principal Money, and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal Money, by the said Company of Propierors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign, and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Company, or to such Person, or Persons as they shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Company of Proprietors, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortagages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principsl and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Premiefes so ascertained as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest, due on any Mortgage as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cafes of other Payment into the Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trult for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprized in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That such of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places aforesaid, and all such other Persons as shall be desirous of having Water from the said Waterworks laid into their Houses, buildings, or other Premises, to the West-

ward

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119. 2523

ward of the Boundary Line herein-before described, may and are hereby Persons upon authorized and empowered, at their own Expence (having first obtained ^rj-cl^8 the Content in Writing under the Hand of such Person as shall be (joaipany.# authorized by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, to may open give such Consent) and with the Consent of the Owners of the Premises Ground, and through which the Pipes shall be conveyed, to open the Ground between |j* the Company’s Aqueduds or Main Pipes, and the respective Houses, laij Buildings, or other Premises of such Inhabitants, and to lay any Leaden Company. Pipe or Pipes (the Bore thereof to be ascertained by the said Company) from such respective Houses, Buildings, or other Premises to communicate with the said Aqueduds or Main Pipes, such respective Inhabitants paying to the said Company of Proprietors, Yearly, Quarterly, or Monthly, such Rate or Rates, or Sum or Sums of Money for such Water, as shall be mutually agreed upon between them j and in Case of Default in Payment of any such Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money, so to be paid as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to cause the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating with the Aqueduds and Main Pipes belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, to be separated from the same Aqueduds or Main Pipes and to cause the Water to be flopped from issuing or running into the House, Building, or other Premises of every Person making such Default; and that the Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money, which shall be due and in Arrear from such Person or Persons to the said Company of Proprietors, shall and may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the fame, in the same Manner as Rents reserved on common Demises may by Law be recovered; and if any Person shall Jay or cause to be laid any Leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any such Aquedud or Main Pipe belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, without such Consent being obtained as aforesaid every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day such Pipe shall so remain: Provided always that all and every Person and Persons who shall have laid any Leaden Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid shall be at liberty to remove and take away such Pipe and Pipes, and the Cock or Cocks to such Pipe or Pipes belonging.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and as often as when any Ground shall or may be opened or broken up either by the said Ground is Company of Proprietors, or by any other Person or Persons, for laying, so*kean;"p taking up, or repairing any Aquedud or Main Pipe or Communica- pipeS| jt®j, tion Pipe, by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case the said to be filled Company of Proprietors, or other Persons respectively, shall fill or »n again as cause to be filled in such Ground, and the Rubbish occasioned by the *s#Pj opening or breaking up the same to be carried away as soon as convent- fencia in the cntly may be, and in the mean Time to cause such Ground to be fenced or mean Time, guarded, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle: 10 prevent Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in Acci<ien"-the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or in any such other Person or Persons, in taking up or repairing any of the said Aqueduds or Main Pipes, or any of the ia,d Communication Pipes, or in filling in such ground, or removing the Rubbish thereby occasioned, then and in every such Case

the

2524

For preserving the Waier clean and whole-foHIC.

For hindering Persons supplied from (applying others and for punish-ing Persons for wilfully letting off the Water.

Except in certain Cafes.

For enabling the Company to enter Preoiifea, to fee that there is no Waste of Water.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Persons so offending respectively shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXI. And, in order to preserve the Water clean and wholesome, BE it further enacted, That if any Person shall bathe in any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, made, maintained, or supported by virtue of this Act, or wash any Dog or other Animal therein, or throw or cast: any Dog or Cat, or any Filth, Dirt, or other noisome or offensive Thing, or wash or cleanse any Cloth or any Wool or Leather, or the Skins of Sheep, Lambs, or other Animals, or any noisome cr offensive Thing, in any such Reservoir arid Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Or Pond, or cause or suffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain, to run or be conveyed inro any such Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, or cause any other Annoyance to be done to the Water contained in any such Reservoir, A&utfduft, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, whereby or by Means whereof the said' Water, or any Part thereof, shall or may be foiled, fouled, or corrupted, then and in each and every such Case eveTy such Person ib offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perlbrt . or Persons shall ’ take or use, or cause, permir, or suffer to be takeri or used, any Water from or out of any Reservoir, Aquedutt, or Pipe, which shall be made or laid by virtue of this A<ff, without the previous Content of the Laid Company of Proprietors j or if any Person or Persons supplied with Water by virtue of this Act, shall supply any other Person with any Part of such Water; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully let off, or cause to run to wade, any Water from any such Aqueduct or Pipe, then and in every such Case every Person so offendi* ing shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit, to take or cut off the Water so supplied by the said Company from the House, Building, or other Premises of the Person or Persons so offending.

LXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any Person or Persons whomsoever, supplied with Water by virtue of this A<d, to any Penalty or Forfeiture for supplying any Person or Persons whomsoever with any Quantity of such Water in case of Fire, or during any Time that the Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Cocks, belonging to any Person or Persons supplied with Water by the said Company ot Proprietors, shall or may happen to be out of Repair, such Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Locks, nevertheless being repaired as loon as may be after any Damage shall happen thereto.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Lngineer, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Directors, at any Time or Times between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, to enter into any House, Building, or other Premises supplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors, in a order

2525

46° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 09.

order to inspect and examine if there be any Waste, undue Diversion, or improper Appropriation of the Water so supplied by the said Company of Proprietors; and if such Engineer, or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, shall at any Time or Times between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, be refused Admittance pr Entrance into any such Dwelling House, Building, or other Premises, for the Purpose of making such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, or on being admitted shall be obstructed in or prevented from making such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful co and for the said Company of Proprietors to cut and turn off, or cause to be cut and turned off the Water supplied by the said Company of Proprietors, from such House; Building, or other Premises.

LXV. And, to prevent as much as possible the wilful, and negligent Citterns to Waste of Water, BE it therefore enacted, That each and every Person be provided, supplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors, shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to provide a proper Cistern or Cisterns of Lead, Brick, or ;Wood, or other Materials, to receive and hold such Quantity of Water as shall be by him or them deemed Efficient for his, her, or their Consumption, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to provide a Ball and Scop Cock, and to affix or cause to be affixed the same to the Pipe conducting the W^ter from the Main belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, to such Cistern or Cisterns, for the Purpose of preventing the Water running into such Cistern or Cisterns from running to Waste when the same shall be fulj; and in case any Person or Persons supplied with Water by the said Company of Pro-prietors, shall neglect to provide liich-. Cistern or Cistern, and also a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or cause to be affixed the fame in Manner aforesaid, for the Purpose of preventing the Water ftom running to Waste when such Cistern or Cisterns shall be filled as aforesaid* it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company!of Proprietors, or their Dife&ors, or any Person or Persons attingby virtue of or under Authority of the said, Company of Proprietors, to cut-.ind turn loss the Water by such Ways and Means as to him or them shall feent right or proper from the House, Building, or other Premises of every such Person, until such. Cistern or Cisterns, ami Bailor Stop Cock shall be provided, and such ilajl or Stop Cpek added in Manner aforesaid.

L.XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall throw any Penalty on Ballast, Gravel, Stones, or Rubbish, into any Part of the said Water* the

works, Reservoirs, Aquedu&s, Trenches, Watercourses, or Feeders, to be LockT^or made by vircue of this Act; or shall wantonly or unneceftaNly open doing other or cause to be opened any Lock, Gate, Paddle, Valve, or Clough, belong- Damage to ing to the said Waterworks; or shall snare, angle, or take any Fish out of the fame, or wash or bathe therein; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully flufti or draw oft', or cause to be flushed or drawn off, the Water from any Part of the said Waterworks, or shall leave any of the said Valves or Cloughs open and running belonging to the fame, or shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any Paddle, Valve, or Clough, in any of the Locks;

Stop or Clqw Gates on the said Waterworks, Idas to mis-spend or waste the Water thereof, ic> Courses, or Feeders, or shall wilfully obstruct,

(£ iV.J 2# L hinder.

2526

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

hinder, or prevent any Person in the Execution of this Adf, every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Puniftm.rnt

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall -«7-»knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks, or oth-r Works erected, made, or maintained by virtue of this Adf, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

Water rot

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Waterworks, Aque-l°th*/£ duds, Reservoirs, and Feeders, shall not be subject to, or under the Commissioners of troul, Direction, Survey, or Or dr r of any Commissioners of Sewers, or to Sewers. any Law or Stature relating to Sewers.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents,'Servants, or Workmen, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to intermeddle with, break up, take, or use for any of the Purposes in this Act mentioned, any Land or Ground belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Land or Ground or Waste Ground belonging to Her Majesty, as Lady of the Manor of Richmond and West Sheene> in the County of Surrey, or to the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, or to his or her Lessees, Tenants, or Undertenants respectively, or to eredr or construct any Engine, or other Work, in or upon any such Land or Ground, or any Part thereof, without the Special Licence and Consent of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of Her Majesty, as Lady of the said Manor of Richmond and West Sheene, or the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, according to their several and respective Rights and interest in such Lands or Grounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed do extend, so as to prevent or restrain the said Company from laying any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, in, over, through, or upon, any Lands or Grounds belonging to His said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to Her said Majesty, as Lady of the said Manor of Richmond, and West Sheene, or the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, or his or her said Lessees, Tenants, or Undertenants respectively.

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take or make use of, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Wastes, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fiiuate within the said County of Surrey, belonging to or the Property of George John Earl Spencer, his Heirs or Assigns, or in the Occupation or holding of the said George John Earl Spencer, as Lefiee for any Life or Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years, or to make, erect, or construct any Engine, Refer voir, or other Work thereupon, or upon any Part thereof, 1 without

2527

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

without the special Licence and Consent in Writing of the said Earl Spencer, his Heirs or Assigns, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, first had and obtained.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Saving the contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate Rights of from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises, or Authorities of the London* a« Mayor and Commonalty and Citiz is of the City of London, or their conservatora Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or of the to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Juris- Thames, distion, which at the Time of making this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, as Conservator of the River Thames, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise, nor to authorize or empower the Lid Company of Proprietors, their Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, to embank, encroach upon, or interfere with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the said River, or the Banks or Shores thereof (except so far as is hereinafter mentioned) without the Licence and Consent of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Directing prietors shall pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the what shall be City of London, the Sum of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, as a Fine Pa.ld "the or Acknowledgment for the Liberty of opening a Communication be- London for tween the said Waterworks and the River Thames, and also to pay to the cutting into said Mayor ard Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, their Sue- the Thames, celfors, Collectors, or Assigns, for ever, an Annual Rent or Sum of Five Pounds and Five Shillings per Annum, after the opening a Communication between the said Waterworks and the River Thames, and such Annual Sum is hereby charged upon, and made payable by, and may be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That in considera- Company tion of the said Fine and Annual Sum, it shall be lawful for the said empowered Company of Proprietors to cur, make, and maintain the said Water-works, Cuts, and Feeders, into the River Thames and to make and con- and u|ce ftroft such Works as shall be necessary, not exceeding Thirty-six Feet in Water there-width at any One Place, and for this Purpose to construd a Cofferdam from-or Cofferdams, or Battredeaux on the Bank or Shore of the said River, to keep out the Water while such Waterccurfe or Watercourses and other Works are constructing, and at any Time or Times afterwards, when the lame shall want repairing, and when necessary, to scour out and deepen the said Bank, so as to maintain an Entrance or Entrances sufficiently deep to enable the Water to flow in sufficient Quantities to the said Waterworks cut of the said River Thames at all Times; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Company, at all Times, to admit the Water of the said River Thames into the lower Level of the said Waterworks, and to raile the fame by the Power of Steam or otherwise into the upper Levels, for the Use of the said Waterworks, and for all other Purposes whatsoever.

2527

Fines and Forfeitures, how to be recovered and applied.

Form of Conviction.

46° GEORGII III. Gap. rig.

LXXIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons by their Order, or under their Direction, to take any Water from or out of that Part of the Rjver !Thames, which lies to the Westward of Keiv Bridge, or from or out of any Brook or Stream, communicating with or falling into any Part of the said River Thames, to the West ward of Kew Bridge aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, inflitfted by this Act, or which shall be inflicted by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law to be made in pursuance thereof, the Manner of levying and Recovery whereof is not particularly herein directed, shall, ip Cafe of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or residei which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible Wic-ness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) and all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties (the Application whereof is not herein particularly directed) shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Company, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained, and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Four Calendar Months, unlds such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and l'atisfied.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed again Ik this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following i (that is to say),

BE it remembered. That, on this Day of

in the Year of the Reign of A:B. is convicted before

4 of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

4 of having [as the Offence shall be] and I [or, we] the

? said do adjudge him [her, or, them] to forfeit and

pay for the fame, the Sum of Given under my

4 Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Sea’s] the Day and Year afore-! faith*

46° GEORG'II III. Csp.iit).

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, T at if anV Person or Persons shall think hlmftlf, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, 8ye Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors or Directors, or by any Order, Judgment, or Determination, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons may, within Four Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment, or Determination shall have been rr3de or given, appeal to the Justices of the P^ace at the Gener.d or Qtnrter Seniors of th Peace to be holden in and for the County, Cicy, or Place, in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise (first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, and forthwith, after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon) and the said justices shall, in a summary Wav, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General or Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, Ciry, or Place; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, Judgment, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge rea-l'onable.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Older, Verdict, Judgment, Conviction, or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Offence against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassrs ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage, in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in puribar.ee of this Act, unless Nonce in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her, or their lait or usual Place or Places of Abode Fourteen Days before Inch Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action,

[Loc. Per.'] M—N ligned

2529

Allowing an Appeal.

Proceedings rot to be quashed or removed by Certiorari.

Diltrefles not unlawful for Want of

Plaintiff not to recover without

after Tender of Amends.

253°

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Ad ion shall depend, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall of Actions. jje brought or commenced against: any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act-, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County or Place where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act j and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Sacisfadien made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfuic, or i'ufter a Disconcinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the lame as any Defendant hath for Coils of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Public Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i3c6.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

-»*|F]|m*

Cap. lao.

An Act to alter and amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation. 2th "July 1806.]

WHS REAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of " Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County " of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place cailed DalmUir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgoeo; and for making a " navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrowjlcunness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place " where ir will fall into the Firth of Forth," the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation were incorporated for the Pur-p.'fe of making, completing and maintaining the said Canal, and other heccflaty Works, with certain Powers, and under certain Orders and Regulations therein particularly mentioned: And whereas an Act was made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton , and also a Collateral Cut from the lame to the City of Glasgovi, and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal o( Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrovjlounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place, where it will fall into the htrih ot Forth:" And whereas an Act was made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An [Aoc. (S Per.) 28 O Act

8 Geo. t. c. 6j.

11 Geo. 3. c. 6a.

1} Geo. 3. c. 104.

»8o2

*4 Geo. 3. c-59-

27 Geo. 3. c, so.

27 Geo. 3. C. 5J.

30 Geo. 3, 73*

39 Geo. 3.

«.7i.

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 120.

Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for m king and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmttir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton and also n Collateral Cut from thr fame to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrowjounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place, where it will fall into the Firth of Forth And whereas an Act was made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for extending, amending, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the Ccfunrv of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Ddtnuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrcwftounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place, where it will fail into the Firth of Forth And whereas an Act was made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for varying and extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation And whereas another Act was made in the fame Seftior? of Parliament, intituled, <c An Act for alrering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal, authorized to be made and maintained, by so much offeve-ral Acts made in the Eighth, Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenry-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton j and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, for deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts, as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal:" And whereas an Act was made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for forming a Junction between the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation; and for altering, thlarging, and explaining several former Acts passed, for making and maintaining the said Navigations:" And whereas an Act was made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, iC An Act for empowering the " Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay " into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them, c< for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation, for repealing so (t much of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty of as relates to the said Company; and for enabling the Barons of chc said " Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to " the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain Condi-<c tions:" And whereas the said Forth and Clyde Navigation was finished at a very large Expence, and the Proprietors received no I nee rest or Return for their Money for above Thirty Years: And whereas

from various Circumstances and Changes arising from Experience in the Mode of conducting the Affairs of the said Company, it is become

necessary

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 120. 1805

necessary to alter and Improve the internal Constitut:on thereof:

And whereas the Expence of maintaining the said Canal is beco ne very great by reason of the Increase of Servants* Wages, and in the Price of Labour and Materials, as well as on account of the Length of Time since it was begun, which renders it frequently necessary to make considerable Repairs, and to renew Works that are decayed, or worn out; and the Rates and Duties authorized to be levied by the said recited are now found to be inadequate thereto, and to pay a suitable Dividend to the Proprietors, and it is just and requisite that the fame ftioold be increased: And whereas the said several Acts require to be further en-

larged, altered, and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty That it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by, and with the Advice and Confmt of the Lords Spiritual and powers to Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament assembled, and by elect a Go-the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the ^enrr’°^nd d Powers and Authorities, by the said Acts, or any of them, given to the said a Company in General Meetings assembled, to choose Twelve Persons, to of Man ge-conflft of n Chairman, a deputy Chairman, and Ten other Members, menttoceafe. with the Title of The Committee of Management, for conducing the Affairs of the said Company, shall cease and determine.

II. And, in order that all Matters and Things, to be done by Autho- First General rity of this present Act, and of the Acts before recited, as far as the same are Assembly of not hereby repealed or altered, may be more regularly and effectually car- Proprietors, ried into Execution, Be it enacted, that a General Assembly, or Meeting

of the Proprietors of the said Navigation shall be holden at the British Coffee-House, in Co ckfpur-Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Weslyninftery upon the Second Wednesday after the passing of this Act, and that it shall be lawful for the said Proprietors, or Power of ad-the Majority of them, attending in Person or by Proxy, and they are journing, hereby authorized to adjourn such First General Assembly, or Meeting, to any Place or Places within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Liberties thereof, and not elsewhere, as the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, shall direct and appoint, with Power to adjourn such other fuble-quest General Assembly or Meeting from Time to Time, to such Place or Places within the said Cities of London or Westminster, or Liberties thereof, and not elsewhere, as they shall think necessary.

III. And be it further enacted, That at such First General Assembly, or New Go-Meeting, the Proprietors of the said Navigation, then and there assembled, vernor and together with such Proxies as shall be present, shall, in addition to the Council to Governor and Four Persons called the Governor and Council directed to l,echofcn* be chosen by the before-recited Acts or One of them) choose Three

more Perl’ons, making in all, a Governor and Seven Persons, each of whom ftull be a Proprietor of Five or more Shares in the said Navigation, to be called, The Governor and Council of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Council so Powers of to bceleCled, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby Governor _ authorized and empowered to manage, luperintrnd, and conduct all the aDG C°ancB' Affairs of the said Company, subjrA to the Controul of the General Meetings, and shall exercise all the Powers and Authorities, given to the

former

1S04

Committee pointed by and Council.

Annual General A firm-blies for electing Governor and Council.

Former Rates an Duties repealed.

New Rates and Duties to be levied

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 120.

former Governor and Council, and to the Committee of Management, and shall r perform the fame Duties, according to the Orders and Regula ions contained in the before-recited Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for varying and of extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and " Clyde Navigation," or in the before-recited Acts, or in any other Act or Acts, wherein they are appointed Trustees or otherwise, except in so far as the same are hereby altered, or inconsistent with this prefen t Act.

V. And be it ciufted, That all Meetings of the said Governor and Council, for the Time being, (except those of the Commictee herein after mentioned,) shall be held at Inch Place or Places within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Liberties thereof, as they shall think proper , and that they- shall have full Power and Authority to nominate and appoint Three of their own Number to be a Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Company in Scotland, to be called, " The Committee " of Council of the Companyof Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation," subject to the Orders and Regulations of the said Governor and Council: Provided always, that the Governor and other Members of the Council, not appointed on the said Committee, may, when in Scotland, attend their Meetings, and shall have a Voice in the Conduct of the Affairs entrusted by the Governor and Council to the Management of the said Committee, in like Manner'as any other Member of the said Committee.

VI. And be it enacted, That after the said First General Meeting, annual and other General Assemblies or Meetings of Proprietors, for electing the said Governor and Council, and for filling up Vacancies therein, shall be held at the Times and in Manner mentioned in, and appointed by the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Election of a Governor and Seven Persons, to be called " The Governor and Council of the Company of Proprietors of " the Forth and Clyde Navigation" as aforesaid, and for supplying Vacancies, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the several and respective Rates and Duties, granted by the before recited Acts, or any of them, on all Goods and Commodities, and on light or empty Vessels, navigated or conveyed on the said Canal and Collateral Cut, and lying in the Harbours and P»afons, and on the Quays and Wharfs belonging thereto, and all Exemptions from the said Rates and Duties shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, or allowed, save and except as to any Arrears of the said several Rates and Duties, which may at the passing of this Act remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been previously incurred.

VIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act in consideration of the great Charges and Expences already incurred, and to be incurred by the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, in making, maintaining, and supplying with Water the said Canal and collateral Cut, and all the other Works therewith connected }

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 120' 1805

heded j it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, from Time to Time, to ask, demand, take, and recover, to and for their own proper Ul'e and Behoof, on all Goods and Commodities, and on light or empty Vessels, navigated or conveyed on the said Canal, and collateral Cut, and lying in the Harbours and BTons, and on the Quays and Wharfs belonging thereto, the following Rates and Duties, that is to say

On all Goods and Commodities whatever so navigated or conveyed, a Duty not exceeding Four-pence Sterling per Ton per Mile:

On all light Boats and other Vessels, without a Lading, or in Ballast only, so navigated, a Duty not exceeding Two-pence Sterling per Mile for every Ton Burden of such Boats or Vessels respectively, according to their respective Registers or Measurement:

On every British or Irish Vessel, lying in any of the Harbours and Batons, a Duty not exceeding Two-pence Sterling per Ton

On every foreign Vessel, lying as aforesaid, a Duty not exceeding Four-pence Sterling per Ton

On every Ton of Timber, lying in any of the Batons thereof, a Duty not exceeding Four-pence Sterling per Ton per Month, and in the fame Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or for a longer or shorter Time than a Month:

On every Ton of Goods and Commodities, remaining above Twenty-four Hours upon any of the Lid Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places, or at any Place on the Line of the Navigation, a Duty, not exceeding Two pence Sterling per Ton per Day, and in the fame Proportion fof any greater or less Quantity than a Ton:

On all Goods landed or put into Lighters from, and on all Goods loaded into Vessels, lying in the said Canal or Batons, a Duty, not exceeding Two-pence Sterling per Ton, and so in Proportion fora greater or less Quantity than a Ton

On every Vessel lying in any of the said Batons for a longer Time than Twenty-Four Days, a Duty, not exceeding One Penny Sterling per Ton per Day thereafter i On every Vessel coming into any of the said Harbours or Batons, a Duty, not exceeding Six-Pence Sterling, on every Fifty Tons of the Burden thereof, for lighting the said Harbours and Batons.

The said Rates and Duties to be levied, agreeable to such Orders,

Rules, and Regulations, as shall, from Time to Time, be ifiucd by the said Governor and Council for the Time being, by virtue of the Powers granted by the before recited Acts, and this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Governor and Council for the °J

Time being, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby and Vco°neil empowered and authorized, under the Company’s Seal, to reduce the to aitcr and Rates and Duties, payable on all Goods and Commodities, which shall be vary the carried upon the said Canal or collateral Cut, without passing a Lock, and to increase the said Rates and Duties payable on Vessels passing shore utlcs* Distances, and through a Lock or Locks, to any Sum, not exceeding Four Pence per Ton per Mile; and alto to make such Alccations, Rules, and Regulations as they shall think fir, relative to the Payment of full Tolls [Loe Per, J 28 P on

1806

Former

Powers of levying Rates and Duties continued.

gulate Weighers, Measurers, Pilots and Trackers.

Former Acts continued in Force.

[Public Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 120.

on all Sorts of Goods and Commodities, any Thing in the before recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted, That all Powers and Authorities, given by the before recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts, to the said Company, or any other Person or Persons, for collecting and enforcing Payment of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall continue and remain in full Force, and have the fame Effedr, for Electing and enforcing Payment of the Rates and Duties, authorized to be levied by this present Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Governor and Council of the said Company shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized to estab-li(h Rules and Regulations for the Conduct of all Persons employed in, upon, or about the said Canal and collateral Cut, and the Harbours, Basons, Quays, Wharfs, and Banks thereto belonging, (except Officers or Persons authorized to assist in the Collection, Management, or Security of the pub* lie Revenue,) particularly of all Persons employed in weighing and measuring Corn and Timber, or any Goods and Commodities, to be carried or conveyed on the said Canal or collateral Cut, or in piloting Vessels into the Harbours and Basons, or in tracking or towing Vessels qr Timber with Horses or otherwise, upon the said Canal or collateral Cut, and to fix the Price or Prices to be paid to all such Per-lbns, Weighers, Measurers, Pilots, and Trackers, for their own Labour, and for the Hire of their Hories j and to enforce such Rules and Regulations, by suitable Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied, recovered, and applied in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said recited Acts, and any other Act or Acts passed relative to the said Navigation, and all the Powers and Authorities therein contained, except in so far as the same are hereby repealed or altered, or the Authorities and Powers thereby given, are inv confident with, or repugnant to this present Act, shall continue in Force, and have full Effect and Operation, in the same Manner as if this Act had never been made.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Justices, Judges, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre, and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 121-

An A<fl for improving the Navigation of the River Ribble, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[12th "July 1806.]

WHEREAS the Port of the Town of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancajicr, is of great Antiquity, and Merchants anci other Persons engaged and employed in Commercial Business and Concerns have Time out of Mind used Vessels, British and Foreign, of various Descriptions and Burthens, to carry their Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes to and from the said Port, in and upon the River Ribble, within the Port aforesaid, with Advantage to themselves and the Publick, and the Increal'e of the Publick Revenue: And whereas the Navigation of the said Uiver Ribble, from the Uncertainty and changeable Course of the Channel of the said River, and the Beds of Gravel, Sand, and other Obstructions laised therein and caused thereby, is become very difficult and dangerous, especially to Mariners, Strangers to the River, and hazardous to the Owners of Vessels and the Safety of the Property of Persons trading thereupon, and discouraging to the Trade thereof; but the Navigation of the said Kiver is capable of being improved, and would be greatly improved and ihe Hazard leficned, the PalTtge of Vessels accelerated, and the Trade [Lee, Cs? Per.] 28^. thereof

25+5 4^9 GEORGII Ilr. Cap. 121.

thereof encouraged and increased, if the Changes in the Channel, and the Qbflructions to a free Passage in and through the River, were designattd fey visible Marks to be placed therein, and in the Sea near the Place where the River falls into the Sea, and upon the Banks of the fame respectively, beginning'at or near a certain Bridge over the said River, between the Town-ships of Preston and Penwortham, both in the said County, called Penwor-tham Bridge, and running and continuing from thence wdhvard between and abutting upon the several Parishes of Penwortham, Hoole, Croston, and North M'eols, in the County aforesaid, on the South Side thereof, and the several Parishes of Pre/ion and Kirkham in the said County, on the North Side of the said River, unto and into the Sea near the Place where the said River falls into the Sea; but such Improvements and Marks, and the Works necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and the continuing, preserving, and supporting of the fame, will be attended with very considerable Expence, and require great Care and Attention, and cannot be made and effected, or Money raised necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafs Your Majesty that it may be enactedj and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and p . Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Haines, Authority of the same, That Sir Henry Philip Hoghton, Sir Thomas DaU rymple Hejketh, Baronets, James Barton, Rice Fellows, John Clifton, Lawrence Rawftorne, William Farrington, Joseph Hornby, Peter Patten, and Bold Fleetwood Hejketh, Esquires, together with such Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them, assembled at any General Meeting to be held as herein-after mentioned, shall nominate and appoint under their Hands, and the several and respective Succtffurs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of the said Persons herein-before named, and of the Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed, being Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Scheme, Undertaking, and Works aforesaid hereby authorized, are and shall be united into a Company for the carrying on the fame Scheme and Undertaking, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after exprdfed, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of ‘ The Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for the Improvement of the Navigation of 6 the River Ribble and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors shall be, and are hereby authorized and empowered, from and after the passing of this Act, by themselves and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to form, elt »blish, and carry on the said Undertaking, and to place Buoys, Perches, and other visible Marks in and near the Channel for the Time being of the said River Ribble, and in the Sea near the Place for the Time being where the fame River falls into the Sea, and also Beacons, Land Marks, or other visible Marks in, upon, and near the Shores of the said River and Sea reflectively, and to construct, erect, make, and do all other Works, Matters, and Things, which they shall think convenient or necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and for improving the Navigation of the said River, in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act j and from Time to Time to alter, vary, or change the fame, and the Situation thereof respectively, and again to replace the same as Occasion m.-ry be or require *, and this Act Ml be sufficient to indemnify the said Company

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 121. 2547

pany of Proprietors, and their Servants, Agent3, and Workm n, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, subject nevertheless to such Provisions and Refit idlions as herein-after mentioned.

II. And whereas Differences may arise between the said Company of conuniifion-Prcprietors and the fever*! Owners of Ships and Vessels trading upon the ers. said River, and the several Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds adjoining the said River, touching the Damages to be paid by the said<

Company* or Recompence made to them respectively; be it therefore further enabled. That, Charles Ambler, William Afsbeton, George Bolton, John Blundell, James Bolton, John Ball, Peter Brown, Gilbert Brown, John ..Birley, John Bifbrowne, Matthew Barton, George Blalock, James Blanchard,

Daniel Baron, John Clayton, George Clayton, John Crookall, John Cardwell,

James Carr, William Cross, Thomas Crojfe, Richard Crcjfe, John Dalton,

John Dalton the younger, William Dixon, Robert Fletcbir, Robert Foster,

Peter Bletcher, John Fletcher, James Finch, James Goodfhavs, Samuel Horrocks, Joseph Harrison, Robert Holmes, Thomas Hornby, William Hornby,

James Hull, Richard Heays, John Johnson, Thomas Knowles, Richard Grimfhaw Lomax, John Lowes, William Lang ton, Daniel Lyon, Bertie Markland, John Mayor, Thomas Mayor, John Moss, the Reverend Strensham Majhrs, the Reverend James Wballey Masters, the Reverend Edward Masters, Thomas Ogle, Thomas Townley Parker, Edward Pedder,

Edward Pedder the younger, William Pollard, John Pilkington, Richard Plikinglon, Robert Robinson, Watson Robinson, William Ravftcrne, the Right Honourable Edward Smith Stanley commonly called Lord Stanley,

Thomas Stanley, James Singleton, William Thornber, Richard Threlfall,

James Taylor, the Reverend Thomas Whitehead, Richard Watson, John Watson, John Watson the younger, John Walton, John Winjlanhy, Thomas Walmsley, Thomas Wilson of P rest on, and Thomas Wilson of Poult on, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for settling, determining, and adjusting all Questions, Matters, and Differences* which shall or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors, and the several Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Ships or Vessels using or trad ng in or upon the said River, or interested in any Lands or Grounds that shall or may be affected or prejudiced by che Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Person, or any Person hereafter elected a Commissioner, shall be qualified sioners. and capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be seised in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and in the actual Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County Palatine of Lancaster, of the clear yearly Value of One Hundred Pounds, or unless he shall be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Efface to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds , and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the following Efficl, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them., are or is hereby empowered to administer:

I A.B-

= 548

Oath of qua. I; fetation.

Penalty on acting, if not qualified.

On Deafh of Comn.ilFjon-ers, or Neglect or Refuel to act, or Disqualification, other* to be chosen.

Notice of Election to be given.

Vo Per Ton interested to be a Commffiener.

46' GEORGII III. tap. 121.

I A.B. do swear, That I am truly and so'idfide in the sdual Possesslori

and Enjoyment [or. Receipt] of the Rems and Profits of Lands, 4 Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or pufleffed of or entitled to a Personal Estate

to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds; and that I will, with-

out Favour or AftVdion, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially,

according to the belt of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform ‘ the Powers and Authorities veiled in me as a Commissioner by an Act, 4 passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, inti:uled. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ribble, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. So help me GOD.*

And if any Person, not authorized or qualified according to the Provisions of this Act to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, shall presume toad in such Capacity, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster or Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, wherein no Essoign or Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so sued shall prove that he was lb qualified at the Time he acted, or otherwise shall pay the Laid Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said Commissioners herein-before specifically named, or hereafter to be appointed as hereio-after mentioned, shall by Death be reduced, or shall refuse or neglect toad for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, or shall become disqualified by not continuing seised or to possess the Estate herein-before specified, so that the Number of Commissioners shall be reduced to the Number of Five, then the said Commissioners for the Time being, whether such Commissioners are herein-before specifically named, or shall have been elected Commissioners in pursuance of the Directions herein-sfrer given, or the major Part of them, shall at any Time after such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Disqualification, meet at some convenient Place in the Town of Preston aforesaid, and tied other Persons, qualified in the Manner herein-before mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the Commissioners so dying or neglecting or refusing to ad, or becoming so disqualified as aforesaid. Ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of such Meeting having been given in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, and fixed upon the Outer Doors of the Town Hall of Prefion aforesaid, and of the Cullom House of the said Port; and every Person so elected a Commissioner shall, from the Time of such Election, have the fame Power and Authority in all Thing relating to the Execution of this Act as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner in this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of this Act during the T>me of his holding any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates or Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or during the Time of his being a Proprietor in the said Uundertaking, or concerned irr latere ft in any Contract

2549

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

tract or Bargain, made or to be made for the Purposes of this Act, or in Cafes where he shall be in any wise interested or concerned in the Matters in Question.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Paid Company of Proprietors and their Successjrs, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to nominate and appoint by Writing under their Hands a Treasurer or Tre.^furers, and One or more Receiver or Receivers, and Collector or Collectors, and a!so a Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, taking such Security for the due Execution of their respective Offices as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper j and such Clerk shall, in a proper Book or Books, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said intended Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all the other Atts, Pro* ceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act; and that each of the Proprietors of the faUUndertaking shall and may, at all convenient Times, have recourse to and peruse and im'pect the fame, and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or of any Parc thereof, paying Sixpence for every One hundred War (9 lo to be copied; and if any such Clerk to the said Company shall refuse to permit any Proprietors or Persons lo interested as aforesaid to inspect or peruse such Book or Books of Proceedings, or refute to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rate and Time aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and whenever any such Clerk or Clerks shall die or be removed, or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors, it shall be lawful for the Company of Proprietors for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, to appoint some orh-r fit Person in the Place of the said Clerk lo dying, being removed, or quitting the Service of the said Proprietors, until the then next General Meeting, w^en a new Clerk shall be nominated and appointed for the Purposes aforesaid and all such Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, and Clerks, and all other Officers of the said Company of Proprietors, vho may at any Time resign or be removed, and the respective Executors and Administrators of any who may die, shall, within Two Calendar Months after Notice given in Wri ing, produce and deliver up to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, all Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings whatsoever, relative ro the Execution of such respective Offices which 111411 be in their Custody or Power; and every such Officer or Person as aforesaid neglecting or refuting to deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings, shall for every such Neglect forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Meeting whatsoever of the said Commissioncis shall at any Time be had for putting in Execution any of the Powers or Authorities vested in them by this Act, unless Fourteen Days previous Notice at Waft of every such intended Meeting shall be given in Writing, and affixed on the outer Doors of the said Town Hall and Custom House, cr in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall at any General Meeting direct or appoint \_Loc. Per.'] a8 K (and

Officers to be appointed.

Clerk’s Duty.

Commission-

No'ice* of their Meetings.

46u GEORGII III. Cap. r2r.

(and every such Notice shall Ipecify the Time and Place of every such Meeting or Meetings respectively, and the several Matters and Things then and there proposed to be done) and that every Meeting of the Did Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall bepubhck; and that no Order, Direction, Appointment, or Determina ion of thefiid Commissioners or any of them, touching any of the Matters and Things herein contained, shall be binding and effectual unless the lame shall be made at one of such Meetings, and unless the:Majority of tire Commissioners present shall concur therein, such Majority not being less than the respective Numbers authorized to make such Orders, Directions, Appointments, or Determinations respectively; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-ifcanding,

Vlil, And be it further enacted, That upon Application to be made by the said Company of Pioprictors or their Successors, or any Five or more of them or by the Owners oi any Ships or Vessels trading in or upon the said River, or by the Owners or Occupiers of any Grounds, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon which any Beacon, Land or other Marks or Works, shall be created, placed, or made, or in any wise to be erected, by forming, completing, or carrying the said Undertaking inro Execution, or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, unto the Commissioners appointed by and for the Purposes of this A£i, or any Five or more of them, requesting or desiring them to appoint a General Meeting of the Com-nnffioners, the Commissioners so requested or applied to, or any Five or more of them, may and shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, within Fourteen Days after such Notice or Application made, to give Norice in Manner aforesaid of a General Meering to be ht-ld at such "1 ime and Place as shall be specified in such Notice, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days, nor more than Twenty-eight Days from the Day on which such Request: shall be made as aforesaid, and the Laid Commissioners are hereby author.zed, empowered, and required, to a fie ruble at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put this Act and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in them in Execution, and shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet at such Time and Place as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and convenient; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be had or held by the said Commissioners a sufficient Number of Commissioners to a & at such Meeting and to adjourn to any other Time, then and in such Case the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall and may, by publick Notice to be given in Manner aforesaid, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the lad Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, on that Day Fort* night next after the Day on which the last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, although they shall not be assembled at a Meeting to be neld by virtue or this Act, from Time to Time and at all Times, upon such Request maue as aforesaid. by Notice in Writing signed by them, and published in Manner aforesaid, 10 summon a Meeting of the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as (ha.-! be mentioned in such Notice for the settling and ascertaining of such Damages as are herein directed to be settled and

ascertained.

2551

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

afcrrtained, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournment of the said Comrriiffio;iers.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Meeting of the Mertingi to Commissioners for hearing or determining any Complaint, Cont'oversy, ^(pnt^obe D:fpute or Difference, between the said Company of Proprietors for the held at lertaia Time being and any other Person or Persons, shall be held ar the Towns One or Townships ol" Preston and Lylham aforesaid, or at some Place within vniecf some One Mile of some Part of the said River, and so as that all the Meetings of the said Commissioners to be holden in purfiance of this Act shall be . p-po'nted and holden only between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Six in the Afttrnoon; and no Order shall be made or any Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall be had or done under this Act at an earlier or later Hour than aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it furthBr enabled, That no Proceeding Proceeding* to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated f.-r want of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process Wautofforai. whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary not with (landing.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of Procfedingi of the said Commissioners shall be regularly entered in a B iokor Books to be £n2»o?S* kept for tha Purpose, and such Entries (being signed by such Number of entered in a the said Comm.(Honors respectively as are empowered by this Act to make BooJc*

such Orders or carry on such Proceedings) shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not, Noticeofrn-nor shall any of them be obliged by virtue of this Act to receive or rake SET*. Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Per- Proprieror* Tons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them fuf- [JainTtoUie tained. Or supposed to be fudained, unless Application shall be made in commission-relation thereto, by and on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said ers‘

Company of Proprietors or their Successb-s, or to their known Agent or Agents, or to feme Coiloflor or Collectors of the Tolls or Tonnage arising from the said Undertaking, in Writing, setting forth the Nature and Particulars thereof, and signed by him, her, or them, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been mtlained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, acting in any Qutllion, Matter, or Difference, 1 which shall or may aiife between the said Company and any orber Person or Persons whomsoever, at e hereby empowered, by Examination of Witness'es upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and emo.»wered to admit iftrr) ..no by any orher lawful Ways and Means, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, with he Con-lent of the Parties concerned, to determine and adjust from Time to Time what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, as a Rceompence for any Damages which ma> or shall be fuf-tamed by such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any other Person or Persons,

being

2552

If Parlies refuse to fubtnit toCominilfion-

satisfied with their Determi-

o refuse to Damages j

or Thall not agree*

Juries to b:

46° GEORGII ill. Cap. in.

being O whers of or interested in any such Ships or Vessels, or of any Lands Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments for or by reason of their making, placing, ercdling, or building any such Beacons, Land Marks or other Marks, or by the'r repairing, preserving, or maintaining the fame, or by reason or means of the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained by the f i.l Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, in case such Damages and Recompence cannot be settled, adjusttd, and agreed for by and between the said Company of Proprietors or their Agents for the Time being, or any of them, and such Owners of Ship? or VefTds, and such Proprietors of and Persons interested in ihe Lid Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively; and if the said Company of Proprietors for or on the Part and Behalf of themselves, or any such Owners of Ships or Vessels, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or cthtr Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, for and on his, her, or their Parrs, or for or on the Part of his, her, or their Cef-tuique Trust, or of any incapacitated Person or Persons, shall refuse to ftibmit any such Matter to the Determination of the said Commissioners, or shall be diflaiisfied with any Determination which shall be by them made as aforesaid; and if any such Owners of Vessels or Ships, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees,or other Person or Persons entitled or interested as afortfaiJ, shall refuse to receive, upon due Tender thereof made, such Recompence as shall be so determined to be paid; or shall, upon Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement as shall be convenient for promoting the said Underraking, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises which they are or shall be in Possession of, or to the Interest which they claim therein, then and in every fu :h Cafe the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, from TimetoTime to issue a Warrant or Warrantsunder their Handsand Seals to the Sheriff of the County Palatine of Lancaster for the Time being, commardin 1 such Sheriff to im-pannel, summon, and return a Jury, and the said dher ff is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials, of Ilfue joined in His Majesty's Courts at Weji* minster, or Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, not being less than Nine or more than Twenty-one Days afier such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff j and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid) to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, are hereby empowered to futr-

mun

2553

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 12\.

won and call before them all and every such Person and Persons as flia.ll bethought necessary to be examined as Witnessrs touching the Matter in Question, and the said Commissioners, or any Five or moie of them, may order and authorize the said jury or any Six or more of them to view the Place or Places or Matter in Controversy y which Jury upon their Oaths, wirneflei ma/ to be admiriftered by the said Commissioners cr any Five or more of them (which Oath as well as the Oaths t > such Person or Persons as (halt be called upon to give Evidence, the said Comm ffiontrs, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) shall esquire of, assess* and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for a Recompence jury taafllft for the Damages that may or shall be luliained 2s aforesaid, and the said Damage*. Commissioners, or any Five or more of/hem, shall give Judgement for such Recompence so to be a (Tc fled by such Juries; which said Verdict and the VerdVtof Judg'ment thereupon pronounced by the said Commissioners, or any Five fina|U,ry to or more of them, shall be binding and conclusive ro all Intents and Purposes against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whoml'oever.

XV. And belt further ennded, That if any such Sheriff, or his Deputy penalty on or Agenr, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds ;and person*fiin-if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall "ho

not appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his Verdict, or in any Manner D;fau"t wilfully negkd his Duty contrary to the true Inrent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending respectively, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Five or m re of them, by Diltrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offndhg, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Penalties, and the Charges of such Dirt refs and Sale,

Hull be deducted.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any M>ney shall be agreed or Applcation of awarded to be paiJ I6r any Lands, Tenement, or Heredit«m?n s, pur- Lo.n^nfrtiju chafed, t.iFun, or ufrd by virtue of this Act, wuich shall belong to any jnh7o*oimt* Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under inEOt®°‘ any D (ability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame am mnt to the

Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with a-1 convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Engl nJ, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to oe placed to his Accounr ex parte the Commissioners (or executing this Act, or any Five or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid, under the Direction and wi:h the Approbation of the said Court (to be signined by an Order m-ide upon a Petition to be preferred in a fuinmary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled ro the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments), in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parc thereof, as the said Court lha l authorize to b" paid, affecting the fame Lards Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled to the fan e or the like Uf s, Intents, or Purposes; or where such fyloney shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted,

[Lot. Per.~\ aS S unde*

2554

46° GEORGII IH. Cap. 121.

under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such Tand the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Pre-rtiifes which dial] be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking effect, and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by the Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application rhereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Proceeds of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, To hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application of

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money tTonff i«ft* agrcecl or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenement's, or Heredica-thamool. ments, purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-tolCCl* fog to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or *° Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, or Committee, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Tiuflces to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be fiun'fied in Writing under the Hands of the^ nominating and approving Panic,) in Older that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hertin-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Apn'2»faS«f

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money inSthwaei. so agreed or awarded to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case 6f Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 121. 2555

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per- ^case ofnotions to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Pur- Title's'- °UC chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to Q1 if person5 whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot cannot he be found , or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or that^jvfone* Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it to i* ‘pa:d in:# shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners crany Five or more of the Hanks them, to order the said SumorSums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Creditof the Pi; ties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m}, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition subjetf tots* of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any chancery, on Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just end reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Mo-

ney, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or lare leceived, to such Person or Persons as shall pay gny such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question yhei;ear'7 shall arise touching the Tide of any Person or Persons to any Money to be JSdSig paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Ptiviry of the the Title to Accountant Gener 1 of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Att, unpaid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any «hb l ei son Ertaie, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be of t!-.e Lands,

purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such ^eJSden-IJank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of tilled t*ere-such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money to» un,ef'» shall hav e been so paid at the Time of parting this Act, and nll Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to'have been lawfullventitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, 'until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capitalof such Bank Annuities,shall be psid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Pert' (Con, and that feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fomc Estate or Interest therein.

255<S

Th Court of Chancery may order rsafon-ab\e Rxpence* of Pui chafes

the Comr.il-

¥ in'ty «» Evidence.

Penalty for deltr>vi»g

the VVcrks.

Company of Proprietor*

Contrafti.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. isx.

XXI. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That where by reafoaof any DifaKility or Incapacity of the PeTon or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Purchase Money whereof shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Punhafe of other Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, to be lettled to the likeUles in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful fur the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in purfuarccof this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Lid Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors or any Five or more of them, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Perfom who, in any Examination to he taken by virtue of this Act, shall give false Evidence before the said Comnufiioners or any of them, or before any Justice of the Peace, shall and may be prosecured for the fame, and upon Conv ftion there-f shall be subject to such Punishments and Dirquahfica-tions as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to f..r wilful and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Peif >ns shall wilfully, malit iously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any of the said Buoys, P.rches, ILacons, Land Ma-ks, or other M.rks 01 Works to be placed, erected, or made by virtut of this Act, or do any o her wilful Huit or Mischief to obstroft, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, completing, preserving, supporting, and maintaining of the said intended Undertaking, or any Matter or Thing thereto belonging, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty at* Felony; and the Court by and before whom such such Person or Peiforrs shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws of this Realm, or in Mitigation thereof, to award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Laiccny.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, ti enter into Contncls, and make Baigains with any Workmen or other P rfons ror the making and doing all and every or any Part of the Wo'kor BufineL in and about the improving of the said River, and other Works, in and about the fame, and the maintaining, repairing, keeping, and enlarging or increasing thereof from Time to Time, and to order and direct the Collection, Receipt, and Disposition of any Duties or Monies which from Time to Time shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act.

AlU>«a;CIM

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Buildings, Freftions, and wa^.c to he other Matters and Things which shall be made, builr, provided, or efta-Cunip.MiVif blished by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be and the same are ^prietoi-s. hereby vested in the said Company of P oprietors, or any Five or more of them; and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, to bring any Action or Actions, or 10 prefer Bills oflndiftment again!! any Person or Persons who

2$5

46° GEORGG II III. Cap. nt.

Hvho shall cut, damage, or injure, or cause to be cut, damaged, or injured, any of the Works to be made, erected, edablHhed, amended, or repaired by virtue of this Act, or who shall injure or destroy the fame whilst doing, or impede the doing threof, or who shall (teal, purloin, or wrongfully take away Stones, Lead, Iron, Wood, Bricks, or other Materials, and Machines, Engines, or UtenfiJs, provided or to be provided from Time to Time, or used or intended to be used therein, or for any other Purposes of this Act, or who shall wilfully do or suffer or consent to any Thing whereby Damage may accrue to the Erections, Works, or Machines to be made or cre&ed by virtue of this Act*, and all the Damages which shall be fu recovered by any such Suit, Process, or Action, afeer deducing the Cuds of Suit, shall be applied as htrein-after directed; and all such Property may and shall, in any such Indi&nient or Action, be laid to be the Property of the said Company of Proprietors.

XXVI. And, to the End that the said Company of Proprietors may he Proprietors enabled to begin, execute, and carry on the said Undertaking, be it fur- may.!a,l" orc, ther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors Uumt«.vc*. and their Successors, to raise and comr.buce among themselves, in such Proportions as to them shall meet and and convenient, a competent Sum of Money for the making and completing of the said Undertaking, and Works and Convenencies to the fame belonging or requisite thereto re-spettively, provided that the said Sum does not exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds in the Whole, except as herein-after mentioned and rbat the fame be divided into such Number of Shares as herein after directed, at a Price not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Share; and the Money so to be Ap;>lic»t;c*l raised is hereby directed ana appointed to be laid Out and applied in the t"cieof*

Jfiifl Place for and towards the Payment, Discharge, and Satisfaction of all the Charge? and Expences of obtaining, passing, and executing rhis Act, and of mak ng the Survey!, Plan*, and Ellimates incident thereunto, and all other Expences relating the reunto, and all the Residue and Remainder of such Money, for and towards making, completing, preserving, and maintaining the said Works and Undertaking, and other the Purposes of (his Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Sum of Two thousand Ti.e Monty Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be raised by the fever J Persons

herein before named, and by such other Person or Persons who fhsllor mav< soit> si, at any Time within Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this 50!. each. Act, become a Subscriber or Subscribers to the said Undertaking, shall be divided and distinguished into Forty equal Parts or Shares, at a Price rut exceeding Fifty Pounds per Share, and that such Shares shall be deemed Personal 1 dates, and shall be transmissible as such, and that the said Forty Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the said'(everal Subscribers, and their fpvcTaland respectivp Executors, Administrator, and Aligns, to theitau I every of their proper Ufc and Behoof, proportionably to the Sum they and eagh of than shall fcveially subscribe and pay thereunto t and ail and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all and every Person 'and, Per*'

Tons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, A dm laid 14 tors, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in Jieo thereof, toward v carry-irg gn and completing the said Undertaking, shall be entitled t and receive, after the said Undertaking shall be completed, the entire and neat Didnbution of Qnedortkth Part of the Profits and Advantages that shall: [lee. & Per.] 28 T ’ and

2553 46' GEORGII III. Cap.m.

and may arise and accrue by virtue of the Sum and Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the Authority of this Act, and so in P-r.portion for any gr<arer Number of Shares*, and every Body Corporate or Puiii’ck, Person or Persons having such Property of a fortieth Fart or . Share in the Said Undertaking, and so in Proportion as aforesaid, shall bear and pny an adequate an>i proportional Sum ot Money towards carrying on the said Undertaking in Manner by this Act directed and appointed.

mayrSfsnn

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Two additional thousand Pounds herein-beforC authorized to be raised, shall be found in-monztt^hem* Efficient for the Purposes of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be l'eivesjf nctti- lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst fa,y* themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Pro-

portions as to them shall seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Mone y for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds j and every Subscriber towards railing such further or other Sum of Money shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself or heifelf, or his or her Proxy, in respect to every Share in the said additionalSum so tobtraised, aadshall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and standinterested in all the Profits and Powers of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereto, as generally and extensively as if such further or other Sum had been originally raised, and a Part of the said first Sum of Two thousand Pounds, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

If not fufn-

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the C'«n Mtlay'ba - Jalc^ Company of Proprietors shall be desirous cf railing the further Sum of rovriooei,; One thousand Pounds herein-before authorized to be raised, or any Part thereof, by Morgage of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, as their Exigency may require, by an Order to be made at a General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said further Sum or Sums upon the Credit of the said ufdeSEm*6 Undertaking, ai. to them shall fee in fit and convenient; and they ate hereby *c.»ai>riul* fully authorized and empowered to aOign and makeover their said Under-tr>* taking, and the Tolls, 1 onnage Rates, and Duties srifing and to arise by virtue of this Act cr any Part thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed, with Intend!, to inch Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee ot Trusters who shall advance the fame, under the Common Seal of the said Company, by the following Deed of Mortgage j (that is to say.),*

K-rrvM.f ‘ CyF, the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for the Improve*

feoitgnge. merit of the Navigation of the River RibbU% by virtue of an Act»

passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 4 intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ribble, in e th.e Cotintj Pdaiine ^Laricaster, in Cor.sideration of the Sum of

to us paid by of

4 do hereby bargain, fell, and transfer unto the said

all and singular the Tolls, Tonnage Rates, and Duties arising by virtue ‘ of the Lid Act, and also the said Undertaking, and all the Right, Title,

and Intefrrft of us the said Company ot Proprietors, of, in, and Unto the fame, to hold unto the Lid Executors, Administrators,

‘ and

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lit. i$$9

e and Assigns, until the find Sum of together with Inrereft

‘ for the fame after the Rare of per Centum per Annum shall be

‘ fully paid off. Given under cur Hand and Seal the Day of in

the Year of our Lord .’

And all and every Person and Persons to whom such Mortgage or Mort^ gages shall be made, shall be equally entitled to his, her, or their Proportions of the said Tolls, Rates, Duties, and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Mortgage or Mortgages mentioned, to be advanced without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Dare of any such Mortgage, or on any other Account whatsoever, and the Money so to be borrowed is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and applied for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining of the said Buoys,

Perches, Beacons, Land and other Marks and Works of the Undertaking aforesaid, hereby authorized to be made, and other the Purpufcs of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That an Entry or Memorial of every v such Mortgage, containing the Date, Names of the P.uties, and Sum of JbocSe* Money borrowed, shall wirhin Sixty Days next after <h*Date thereof, be entered gratis, in one or more Book of B joks to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, which Book or Books shall and may be perukd gratis at all fcasonable Times, by the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking; and every Person to whom such *nd maybe Mortgage shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby tra,ufmc freured, may from Time to Time assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit of, in, and to the Principal Money and Interdl thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever by any Peed or Io/lrument in Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Sead, and which Transfer shall or may be made in the Words or to the Effect following i (that is to say),

1 pr, we] of in consideration of rhe

oum ct paid by of do

hereby transfer a certain Mortgage made by the Company of Proprietors of the Undercaking for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River

4 Ribble, to bearing Dare the Day of

for securing the Sum of

‘ and Interest, and all my [er, our] Bight and Property therein, to the said his or her Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns. Dated this Day of in the

Year of our Lord

Which said Alignments or Transfers shall, within Sixty Days after the Tnnifcrtr* Date thereof, be produced and notified to the said Clerk to the said Com- by

pnny of Proprietors, who shall thereupon cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dite, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept formtering chfc laid original Mortgages, for which lad mentioned Entry the laidCIrfK shall be paid the Sunt of Two Shillings and Sixpence -, and after such Entry made, every such Assignitlcr.t shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage j and every such Aikgnee may in like Manner afffgft the fjmJ again, and foitfUi quoi'us, and it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons whd shall have m*.k any such Assign-

y£

2560 46" G EO RGII III. Cap. 121.

ment at any Tiftie afterwards to make void, release* or dischage the original Mortgage, or any Monies thereby secured, or any Part thereof; ^belST n? an^ the Interest of the Money so to be boriowed by Mortgage as aforesaid, iwvtewed to'V shall be paid Half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, in prefer-be paid firit. ence to any Interest or D.vidend doe and payable by virtue of this Act to the said Company of P oprierors, or any of them: Provided always, that no Person to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor of any Share, or capable of acting or voting either as Principal or by Proxy, for or on account of having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of such Mortgage or ' A/Tignment.

ofw'iV^rreft

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

to be^pa'Vto Company of Proprietors, and their Successors and they are hereby required, til 0Ut Money to be ra>kd aS aforesaid, during the Time the said Un-

arc «wnpic°u<|ft denaking, and all Things necessary for making, completing, preserving, and maintaining the fame, shall be carrying on, and until the same shall be completed and finished, in case an Order of any General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors shall be made in that Behalf, to pay unto every Body Politick or Corporate, Person or Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall sevenlly subscribeand have paid in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be demanded in respect thereof towards carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, Interest for the fame after the Kate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum* at and during the Time that each of such Sum or Sums shall be so respectively advanced as aforesaid.

SuWcriberr to

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Body or Bodies Politick f'Vcv- Vt* or Corporate, or other Person or Persons who shall by virtue of this Act have Share b7them- subseneed or undertaken for One Share of the said Undertaking, and his, teivesrr her, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall addSonaT be drem-d a proprietor, and a constituent Part of the said Corporation Vet s for hereby created, (or so much, and shall have a Vote for every such Share in ^bove One! every publick Meeting to be held as herein-after appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking, which Vote may be given by him, her, or them, of in his, her, or their nblenceby his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, being a Proprietor or Proprietors, duly constiiuted under his, her, or their Hand *nd Seal, or Hards and Seals, and such Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be as Valid as if such Principal or Principals had voted in Person *, and whatever Question, Election of proper Officers, or other Matters or Things shall bi proposed, difeufled, or conGdered in any publick Meeting of Proprietors to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies f> given as aforesaid, computing One Vote to every Shaie i and ac every such Meeting One of the Proprietors present shall be appointed Chairman, and shall not only vote as a Proprietor, but in cafo oi Equality of Voces, shall have the decisiveor calling Vote; and the Appaintment of the said Proxy or Proxies shall and may be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say), rm e? ftp- 1 j of One of the Proprietors of

' xiS6 A r^e Undertaking for the Improvement of the Navigation at the River 4 /ih'MV, do htreby nominate, con It itute, and appoint of

4 (being a Proprietor as aforesaid) to be my Proxy,

46’ GEORGII III. Cap. in 2561

in my Name and in my Absence to vote, and give my Assent or Diflent ‘ to any Business, Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking,

‘ that shall be mentioned or propofeJ at any Meeting of the Proprietors ‘ of the said Undertaking, or any of them, as he the said

i shall think proper, according to his Opinion and Judgement, for the ‘ Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto.

‘ In Witness whereof I have hereunto fee my Hand and Seal the

Day of in the Year of our

Lord .*

Such Proprietor, having appointed his or her Proxy as aforesaid, being hereby nevertheless authorized and empowered by anyinstrument in Writing undtrhisorherHand and Seal for that Purpose, at his or her Will and Pleasure to revoke and make void such Appointment, and in like Manner from Time to Time on future Occasions, to appoint any other Person on the like Restrictions, to act as Proxy for him or her in his or her Absente.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, that the First General Meeting of General the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act in Execution shall be Meetings* held at tht George and Dragon Inn, in Pre/lon, aforesaid, upon the Third Pburfday^ next after the patting of this Act, and the Second Meeting at the

End of Six Calendar Months from the Day on which such First Meeting was held, at such Place within the Town of Pre/loh aforesaid as the said Company of Proprietors, or the major Part of them present at their said First Meeting, shall appoint; and the like General Meeting shall be held On the like Two respective Days in each and every Year for the future, at or before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, at which said General Meetings the said Company of Proprietors assembled together, with such Proxies as shall be produced, or the Majority of them, shall manage and regulate all the Affairs of the said Undertaking in such Manner as is herein-after directed; but if at any Time it shall appear to any

Five or more of such Proprietors that for more effectually putting this Act in Execution, a Special Meeting of Proprietors is necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for such Five or more of them to cause Ten Days Notice at least to be given thereof in Writing, by affixing the fame upon the outer Doors of the Town Hall and Custom House aforesaid, or in such other Manner as the said Proprietors or their Successors shall at any General Meeting direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Time and Place, and the Rrafon and Intention of such Special Meetings respectively; and the Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notices, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given them with respect to the Matters so specified only; and all such Acts of the Proprietor?, or the major Parc of them at such Special Meetings assembled, shall be as valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were done at General Meetings: Provided always, that at every Meeting to be held under or by chairman virtue of this Act, there shall be a Chairman, who shall be chosen by and jjy* out of the said Company of Proprietors, and who, in case of a Division of equal Numbcis, shall have the calling Vote, although he may before have given one Vote for each Snare he is entitled to.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Book and Books in which

all the Accounts relating to the said Undertaking shall be dated and settled, ep*‘ and all oth-r Matters relating the reunto, shall bedepofued and kept lockrd [Esc. Per.] 28 tf up

2S&2

audit Accounts, call for Money,

46° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 121.

Up under the Direction of the said Company^of Proprietors, at such Plaet* or Places as the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall frcrri Time to Time direct; and every Proprietor or Proprietors, upon every reasonable Desire, shall have free Access to such Book and Books for his, her, or their Inspection.

3CXXV. And be it further enacted, That every such General Meeting shall have Power to call for, audit, and settle all Accounts, of Money laid out and disbursed on Account of the said Undertaking with the Receiver and Receivers, and other Officer or Officers to be by them appointed, orany other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by, or concerned for or under them in and about the frd Undertaking, and for that Purpose shall have Power to adjourn themselves over from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as shall be thought convenient by the Persons entitled to a Majority of Votes in Manner aforesaid j and every General Meeting of such Proprietors assembled by the Authority of this Act, shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Cails for Money from the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the fame, as they from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no Call do exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for every Share of Fifty Pounds, and so that no Calls be made but at the DilUnce of Three Calendar Months atleaftfrom each other; and such Proprietors, or the Majority of them assembled at any General Meeting, shall have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, as well in contracting for and purchasing Lands, Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Materials for the Ui'e of the said Undertaking, as in employing, oidering, and directing the Work and Workmen, and in placing and in displacing Under Officers, Clerks, Servants, and Agents, and in making all Contracts and Bargains touching the said Undertaking, so that no such Purchase, Bargain, or other Matter be dona or transa&ed without the Concurrence of a Majority of the Proprietors present at such General Meeting; and every Owner or Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his or their Share and Shares, and Proportion and Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Pc Tons, and at such Times and Places as the said General Meeting shall from Time to Time appoint and direct, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice in Writing at least shall be given, by affixing the fame upon the outer Doors of the Town Hall and Custom House aforesaid, or in such Manner and Phce as the said Company of P.oprietors or their Successors shall at any General Meeting direct or appoint i and if any Person or Perf ms shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by such General Meeting, he, she, or they neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit a Sum net exceeding Five Pounds for every Fitly Pounds of his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking-, and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect to pay his, her, or their rateable Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Time appointed fur the Payment thereof as aforesaid, then he, she, or they shall forfeit his, her, and their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof-, all which Shares so forfeited shall be sold at a publkkSale by the said Company of Proprietorsand the Produce thereof fexcept the said Forfeiture of Five Pounds a Share) shall be paid unto the Person or 3 Person*

2563

46° GEORGII III. Cab. i2il

Persons who was or were entitl'd to the Share or Shares so forfeited immediately before the Forfeiture thereof, or his, her, or their Executors, Ad-m ini ft mors, or Assigns.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Advantage

fna'il be taken of the Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Under- siiar*Ui."l taking until after perfora! Notice to the Owner, inor unless the fame be declared to be forfeited at some General Meeting of- the said Company of the Forfeiture Proprietors, who shall assemble within Three Calendar Months ntxt after »>uftb?de. such Forfeiture shall be incurred, and every such Forfeiture shall be an Ir- GsfTera^M.e:* demniBcation to and fur every Proprietor so forfeiting against all Action and »«>g. Actions. Suits or Prosecutions whatever, to be comcnenced or prosecuted lor any Breach cf Contract or other Agreement between such Proprietor and the rest of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the said intended Undertaking.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company cf Proprie- General Meet* tors and their Successors, shall always have Power and Authority, at any ,r*s*m®y *?-General Meeting afiemlled as aforesaid, to remove or displace any Person Ctuu’* or Persons chosen to be Chairman at any such General Meeting as aforesaid, and to elect another to be a Chairman in die room of the Chairman

who (flail die or be removed or displaced, and to remove or displace any other Officer or Officers under them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Su ceflms, or any Five or more of Laws. J them, at any General Meeting assembled is aforesaid, to make such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders; and Regulations, for the good Government of the said Company, and their Officers, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and fur the ordering and securing of the Safeiy of Ships and Vestrls coming into and going out of the said River, and of the Works to be made or done in pursuance or by virtue cf this Act, and for the Appointment, R gu a im,

Direction, and welUconducting of Ships and Vessels into, out of, or within the said River* or any other Matter or Thing not htreir-b:i ' particularly specified, as shall from Time to Time appear necessiry and proper, and to alter, vary, or repeal the same as Occasion shall be or require (the Method of calling General Meetings, and the Time and Place of alTembling, and Manner of voting only excepted) and to impose reasonable Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-observance of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, so as no One Penalty shall exceed Ten Pounds, which Fines and Penalties shall be recovered and levied as other Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act inflicted or imposed, are hereby directed to be recovered and levied; and that all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulation*, and the Fines and Penalties for the Breach and Non-performance thereof, shall from Time to Time as often as they shall be mude, altered, or varied, be put up, either in Print or in Writing in a clear legible Hand, in the Custom House of the said Port of Preston, and in such other Place or Places as the major Part of the said Company of Proprietors at a General Meeting shall appoint, and at all Times thereafter to remain and be in the said Places; and upon Application aCopy thereof shall be delivered to any Captain or Owner of any Ship or Vessel requiring the fame, on Payment to the Clerk to the said Company of Propri-ttors of the SumofSixpenceforthefame; which said Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders beingpurinto Writing under the Common SealofthcsaidComoany of Proprietors

*564

the I.aw the Rw thejuri

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

prictors or their Succtffors, shall be binding upon andotferved by all Parties, and shall be fuffieienc in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same.

be XXXIX." Provided always, That the said Rules, Orders, and Bye !° Laws, or any of them, shall not be contrary or repugnant to the Laws, or Statutes or Customs of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great wuciM*0* Britain, nor to any Thing contained in this Act, nor prejudicial or dere-HighAdmiral- gatory to any Right, Authority, or Jurisdiction belonging to the Office ot Lord High Admiral cf Great Britain, or to any Powers, Provisoes, or Authorities heretofore made, given, or created relating thereto, nor to any Claims for Anchorage or Groundage, or any other Rights and Privileges of any Lord of a Manor or Manors, or of any Proprietor of Lands adjoining the said River; and provided also, that every such Rule, Order, Bye Law, and every Alteration thereof, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein-after directed.

GenenlMeet*

XL. And be it further enacted, That if at any such General Meeting! sags adjourned there shall not be present Five or more of the said Company of Proprietors, an'iidance.0"’ besides Proxies, no Choice of or Removal of any Person as Chairman, or Election of any Person in the Room of the Person so removed, or who shall die, shall be made at that Time*, but in such Case there shall be a new Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors of thesaidUndertaking,at the same Place upon that Day Week following, and so on as often as Occasion shall require, and such Choice shall be then made as ought to have been made on the Day herein-before appointed, had there been a sufficient Number of Voters present; and the Person then chosen to be Chairman of the said General Meeting shall have the fame Power which he would have had, and shall continue in such Office until such Time ss he would have done, had he been chosen on the said Day herein-before appointed; and that in case of failure of the Meeting of Five or more of the said Company of Proprietors besides Proxies, at such First Meeting, every Proprietor who shall not be at such Seco/uj Meeting in Person or by Proxy, shall forfeit to the said Company of Proprietors for every Share which he, she, or they shall then have in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Five Shillings, to be (lopped out of the next Payment of Interest, or out of the next Dividend of the Profits of the said Undertaking, as the Case may happen,

on the Denth

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Owner cf any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen to die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced on each Share which he, she, or they shall have been poflrfled of or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid in, then and in such Case the Executors or Adaii-nistrators of any such Owner so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Insane or other Person or Persons entitled to the Ellate or t hefts of such Ownei deceased, shall be indemnified against all such lnfant or Infants, and any other Persons whatsoever, for paying any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid to complete every such Subscription; and if such Owner drecafed shall not have left Afiets sufficient, or in case the Executor, Administruor, Trustee, or Guardian, shall refuse or neglect

completed,

Rxecutors

46° GEORGII \\\. Cap. Hi. 2565

neglect to answer such Ca ls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be and are hereby authoriz'd and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such O wher deceased, on Condition of paying on or before such Admissian, to the Executors or Administrntors of such deceased Owner, or the Trustee or Trustees,

Guardian or Guardians of any Infant, or others entitled to his or her Effects the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner in his or her Life-time by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several sham maybe Proprietors of the said Undertaking to sell or dispose of his, her, or their dispoftdof. Share or Shares therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, and every Purchaser shall have a Duplicate of the Deed of Bargain and Sale and Conveyance made unto him or her; and One Part of Inch Deed, duly executed by the Seller and Purchaser, shall be delivered to the said Company of Proprietors or their Clerk for the Time being, to be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company, and an Entry thereof shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry accordingly; and until such Duplicate of such Deed shall be so delivered to the said Company of Proprietors-or their Clerk, and filed and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for his said Share, paid unto him, her, or them, or any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of Monies shall After a Call be made by a General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors as hg^Toritil aforesaid, no Person or Persons (halt fill or tramfer any Share or Shares in the moiey be the find Undertaking, until the Monies to be called for upon the Share or ra:*--respective Shares so-to be sold shall be paid, under the Penalty of forfeiting his, her, or their Share or respective Shares in the said Undertaking, to thefiaid Company, for the Benefit of all the said Company of Proprietors, unless he, she, or they shall at the Time of such Sale or Transfer pay the Money called for upon each Share so - fold or transferred, to the Treasurer of the said Company, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified anci declared at a General Meeting in Manner above directed; and that the Instrument of Sale of the said Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect fcl owing-, (that is to say),

I A.B. in consideration of the Sum of paid to Form of Suit.

me by C.D. do hereby bargain, fill, and transfer to the said C. D.

4 Share [<?/-, Shares, as the Case may be] of the

Undertaking, for improving the Navigation of the River Riable* to

hold to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

1 subject to the same Rules and Orders, and on the fame Conditions that I

held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof j and I the said

C.D. do hereby agree to accept the fi d Share [cr,

Shares] subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Conditions. Witness

6 our Hands and Seals the Day of

£1# Per.]

28I

XLIV.And

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

XL

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Company of Proprietors shall have placed and fixed the said Buoys, Perches, Beacons, Lind Marks, and other Marks, or such or so many of them as they shall deem requisite and necessary for the Safety and Convenience of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said River Ribble, and as soon as they or any Five or mote of them 111411 have certified the fame by Writing under their Hands, to be delivered to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions or the Peace to be holden at Prejion, in and for the said County Palatine of Lancaster*.and the said Justices shall have allowed the fame, alland singular the laidBuoys, Perches, Beacons, Land Marks, andother Marks, and Works, shall be deemed, considered, and taken to be finished, perfected, and completed; and that then and from thenceforth it shall be lawful fur the said Company of Proprietors to demand, receive, and take the several and respective Sums of Money, Duty, or Rates of Tonnage herein-after mentioned, yearly and every Year, on the Fifth Day of Januaryt or such orher Day or Days afterwards upon which any Vessel coming into or going out of the said River, shall first enter or clear at the Custom House of the said Poit of Prejion.

Vtflils to piy

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act ^Tonnage contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken in anywifetoenable onMincib the said Company of Proprietors to receive from any Owner or Masterof any Year. Sh>p or Vessel coming into or going out of the said River, any of the Rates,

Duties, or Tonnages in this Act contained, until such Certificate as aforesaid shall by the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, have been delivered to and allowed by the said Justices as aforesaid, or to enable them to receive the same Rates, Duties, or Tonnage, oftener or more than once in every Year.

Rates to be

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Delivery and ra*icd. allowing of such Certificate as aforesaid, there shall be annually paid

un.o the said Company of Proprietors, by the Owners or Mafttrs having the Command of Vessels belonging to or coming into the said Port of Presler., and for all Ships and Vessels coming into the said River (except as hereinafter mentioned) the several and rel'pedive Rates, Dues, or Duties,herein-af tr mentioned and specified in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) aed which said Table, and all the several Matters and Things therein contained, is, are, and shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if the fame were enacted in the Body thertof.

2566

Time from which the Company of Proprietors

Vrftlspalling

XLVII. And be it further enacted That if any Ship or Ve(Td failing to and nomking or from any other Port or Place than the Port of Prejion, shall, from tempes-in or deliver, tuous Weather, from Diltrels, or from any other Cause, be driven or fail Lfthdr'c.r. into the said River and pass the said Buoys, Perches, Beacons, Land gjc^to pay Marks, and other Marks, for the Purpose of finding Safety or Security lull Tor.mge. ^err, an(j ,^0 fame Ship or Vylt. 1 shall come to an Anchor, or moor within the said Port, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered to receive, and there shall be paid unto than by the Owner or Owners, Mailer or Maltert having Command of the fame Vessel, One Moiety of the said Tonnage Rates, Duties, and Dues i and in case of Dispute between the said Company of Proprietors, or the Person authorized to receive the said Duties, and the Owner or Owners,

Mailer

46° GEORGII III. Gap. lit. 2567

Matter or Matters of fuel) Vessel, touching the fame, then the Matter in Dispute shall be referred to any Five or more of the salt) Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to settle the same.

XLV1H. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all V'dfTds Yeflvu in the belonging to His Majesty shall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the Rates and Duties hereby granted. to be ex-

empted*

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That on any Neglect or Refusal to pay On R-fufo) any of the Tonnage Rates, Duties, and Dues by this Act granted, it shall JSJKionit* be lawful for the Person entitled to collector receive such Tonnage Rates, fei« Vessel, Duties, and Dues, to seizeand detain the Ship, Vessel, Boar, B.vrge, Lighter, &iC'

Craft, or Raft, whereon the same shall be payable, and if within Three Days such Tonnage Rates, Duties, and Dues, shall not be paid and fansfied, it shall be lawful for such Person to fell such Ship, Vessel, Boar, Barge,

Lighter, Craft, or Raft, for the raising such Tonnage Rates, Duties, and Dues, and the Expences of compelling Payment thereof rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting the said Tonnage Rates,

Duties, and Dues, and the Colls and Charges of recovering the fame, to the Owner or Owners, Consignor or Consignees of such Ship, Vessel,

Boar, Barge, Craft, Lighter, or Raft; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power from Time to Time at any General Meeting, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Tonnage Rates, Dude", and Dues, altc:ed. and again to raise the same to any Sum not exceeding the Rates before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interests of the said Undertaking*

L. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels trading to and Tonnagru* from the said Port, liable to the Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, bc i*

shall pay the said Duties according to the Admeasuremcnc contained in the SSc"2»5cate Certficate of Registry belonging to Rich Ship or Vess I, and the Lid Duties otRegiit/y. of Tonnage shall be thereby computed and col levied accordingly; and all Foreign Vessels shall be meafufed by the Surveyor of the Cullomsof the said Port of Prejldn, and the several Duties of Tonnage shall he computed and collected according to such Admcafureinent; and that such Surveyor shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners,

or any Five or more of them, shall think a proper Compensat on for the Trouble such Surveyor may have.

LT. And be it further enacted, That the Matters and Owners of all s’vP%, &c. Ships, Hoys, Barks, or Vessels, entering and using the f ;r! River, and liable bsmea* to the Payment of the Rates and Duties by this A<tt imposed, that (ha.ll u be unregistered, or who shall rtfufc or decline to produce their Registers,

shall fufter and permit the said Ships, Hoys, Barks, or Vessels, to be measured by the said Surveyor, and shall pay the Rates and Duties torehid according to such Measurement; and that every Owner or Matter aforesaid who shall refufr to produce such Register, or t«» have his, her, or their Ship, Hoy, Bark, or Veflsl mealuicd as aforesaid, (ha’ll for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds to the said Company of Proprietors.

LII. And, for preventing any Delay or Evasion in the Payment of the n,testn be Rates and Duties by this Act granted, be it further enafhd, Thar there p^wt b*forr shall be produced tu the Collector or other proper Officer of Ili Majesty's X ^eVf.'oia

Customs the Custuia

GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

CaftoniS at the Port of Prcjlcn, by the Maftfr or Owner of every Shfp Iloy, Lark, or Vessel comi rg into or going rut of the said Port or River, and liable to the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, a Receipt or other sufficienc Voucher for trie Payment of the said Rates and Duties by such Mailt rs or Owners, from the proper Person appointed to receive the same, and that until such Production be made, and the Collector or other proper Officer as aloiesaid shall be satisfied with the fame, the said Collector or other proper Officer shall not take or receive, or grant or issue any Entry, Report, Cocker, Permit, Sufferance, or other Dispatch, inwards or outwards, for any such Ship, Hoy, Bark, or Vessel, Foreign or British, liable or subject to Payment of the said Rates and Duties, under Penalty of any Suni not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same.

un/toVharge

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this VeflTeis carry- Act contained shall extend, cr be construed to extend, to charge any Flat, wfthinnthe&C Lighter, Barge* Boar, or other VtlTels, employed upon the said River Port, with Kibble in carrying Stones or Merchandize (so that the fame do not go with-

Duties i ou- the Limits of the f4jd port of Preston) with the Rates and Duties

allowed by this Act.

rcrVessel#

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this coming jr>m Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Flat, Liverpool nnd Lighter, Barge, Boar, or other Vessel, coming from or going to the Leeds Douglisaud and Liverpool Canal, and Douglas ocher wife AJland Navigation, or cither AflandCanals. of themj jn or through the present or any future Communication, made, or to be made, between such Canal and Navigation, or either of them, and the said River Kibble.

Pilot* tobs ‘LV. And, for the better Regulation of Pilots within the said Port of

licensed. preston, te it further enacted, That from and after One Calendar Month

next after passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall cake upon him or themselves to conduct or pilot any Ship or Vessel into or cue of the said River without being licensed lo to do by Five or more of the said Company ot Proprietors lor the Time being, which Licence they are hereby empowered to grant, every Person lo offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided neverthev less, that the Lid Company of Proprietors shall not authorize any Person or Persons to be a Pilot of the said Port as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall have first obtained the Recommendation in Writing of fix Mailers, Commanders, or Owners of Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons and upwards, Register Tonnage, trading to and from the said Port, certifying the Ability and Skill cf such Person or Persons to pilot or conduct Ships or Vessels to and from the said Port.

Matter* of

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Mailer or Commander beiotl* Jng to any Ship or Vessel inward or outward bound shall refuse to take on board the Pit o» and employ a Pilot so to be licensed as aforesaid, who shall offer his Services war3°o/ out- (e*ceP5 such Vessel hall belong to the said Port of Prejlony cr be under wjrd bouerf, the Burthen cf Fifty Tons Regiller Tonnage) such Mailer or Commander uke Pifots PaY or cause to be paid to the Pilot who first or who only hall offer

who offer,3*o his Services as aforesaid, and shall be lo refried, the full Pilotage according kejiabteto to the different Rates and Prices herein-after tiirested to be paid, as if the Ai)lPjto»Se( , r Lid

2568

2569

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

laid Pilot had been received and employedin conducing or piloting such Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port: Provided nevmhelels, th.it nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to compel such Master or Commander to lake or employ any such Pilot f r any Inch Ship or Vessel outward bound, except from a certain Place on the North Side of and adjoining the said River Ribble called Naize Point and from thence West ward to the Buoy next the Sea, or inward bound, except from the said Buoy next the Sea, and f.otn thence Eastward to the said Point called The Naize Point.

L.VII. Provided also that this Act shall not extend to prevent or hin- Waftm in der the Master or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vef- Trade under fel, being under or of lefsBurthen than Fifty Tons by the Certificate of Re- tlfiefBI‘rtllcn giltry, or belonging to the said Port of Preftons and employed in the C it- may pilot wU8* ing Trade only, from conducing or piloting his said Ship or Vessel into th n own or out of the said Port, or to hinder any Person or Persons from a (Tiding any Ship or Vessel in Distress, nor to subject any such Person to any cf mayiffiita the Penalties irfli&ed by or in pursuance of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Pilot so to be licensed as Limiting the aforesaid, who shall take upon himself the Charge of any Ship or Vessel wiS veffela failing into or out of the said Port, shall and is hereby required to con- are to be pilot, dud or plot any such Strip or Vessel inward bound, from the said Buoy cd* next the Sea up to a certain Place or Quay within Ashton-upon-Ribble, ne&r the South-West Corner of Preston Ma’Jh^nA within the Port and County nfordYid, commonly called Preston Quay, and outwvd bound from the said Quay down to the said Buoy next the Sea, if the Master or Commander, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall require the fame, before such Pilot shall relinquish the Careor Charge of any such Ship or Vessel; and upon Refusal in cither Cafe, such Pilot shall noc be entitled to any of the Rates or Prices hereby directed to be paid for Pilornge, and shall and may forfeit his Licence or Warrant at the Discretion of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of Every Master every Ship or Vessel so to be piloted or conducted into or out of the said River, shall and is hereby required to declare and give a true Account to Acco-mt of the Pilot employed m conducing or piloting such Ship or Vessel, of the *fCvvat*of Draught of Water which such Ship or Vessel shall draw, and in case the his ship, nnd Pilot so employed shall iufped the Truth of such Declaration, such Pilot is hereby authorized to admeasure, or cause such Ship or Vessel to be ad- admeafui*. measured, in order tc find the true Draught of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw; and if upon such Aomealurement it shall appear that such Mailer or Commander gave a talfc Account wilfully and fraudulently, such Master or Commander shall not only forfeit a Sum equal to double the Amount of Pilotage, according to the Rate or Rates herein-afrer mentioned, hut also all the Expences of the Admeasurement as aforesaid, and be subject to a Fine at the Discre ion of the said Commissioner*, or any Five or more of them, in any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, together with all Expences incurred in the Recovery thereof.

ILoc. df Per.) 28 T

4-&0 GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Pilots so to bc licensed as aforesaid shall be requeued by the Master, Commander, Owner, to be itemed, Agent, or Consignee of any Ship or Vessel outward bound, to take the ^a^rrfute'to Charge or Conduct of such Ship or Vessel, ic snail be lawful for such Ske the Pilot, previous to his taking such Charge or Conduct, to demand a fuf-charge. ficienc Security from such Master, Commander, Owner, Agent, or Con-signee, for the Payment of such Pilotage outward, according to the Rates and P’ices herein-after directed to be paid; and if such Master, Commander. Agent, or Consignee, shall nfufe to give such Security, then and in such Calc such Pilot may refuse to conduit or pilot such Ship or Vessel, and shall not be subject to any of the Penalties inflilted by or in pursuance of this Act on Pilots refuting to take the Charge or Conduit of such Ship or Vessel.

LXL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Master, or other Person having or taking upon himleif, or appearing to have or take the Command, Charge, Agency, or Contignment of any Ship or Ships, VeflVl or Vessels, charged or chargeable with the said respective Rates or Prices of Pilotage hereby directed to be paid, shall refule to pay the fame, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the iaid County Palatine of Laxcaster, on Complaint and Proof thereof on Oath being made by such Pilot, and preferable to and notwithstanding any Right of Attachment, Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever claimable by or due to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to seize, take, and detain any of the Goods, Guns, Ropes, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship or Vestrl, and rhefame to distrain and keep until the Sum or Sums of Money due for Pilotage in conducting such Ships or Vessels into or out of the Lid River, according to the Rates and Prices, and the reasonable Charges for taking such Distress, shall be paid and satisfied and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money, and Charges, for the Space of Seven Days next after such seizing, taking, or distraining, then it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, to cauls the same to be appraised by any Two sufficient Persons or Appraisers of the said Town of Preston, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the said Goods so taken and apprai ed, and thereout to satisfy the Rates or Prices of Pilotage so due and unpaid, with all reasonable Charges for taking, seizing, distraining, appraising, and felling the fame, rendering the said Rates and Prices so due and unpaid to the Pilot or Pilots entitled thereto, and the Overplus (if any there be, after such Charges deduded) upon Demand, to the Malters or Owners, Agents or Consignees of such Ships or Vessels.

What Rates

LXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration toVhe^Pilots* of Cne Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid unto the Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels upon and in the said River Ribble, the several and respective Rates, Dues, or Duties herein-after mentioned and specified in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.) and which said Table, and all the several Matters and Things therein contained, is, are, and shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if the fame were enacted in the Body thereof.

penalty on

Mailers of Ships refilling, t the Rates, etc.

257,0

Pilotage of

LXII!. And

46° GEORGII III. Cap. at, 2371

LXIII. Provided nevertheleft, That it shall be lawful for the Paid Company em-Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, at any Time or ^Rales!0 *" Times alter the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, to alter, vary, or reduce any of the said Rates of Pilotage j and as often as they shall think proper, again to advance the fame, so as such Rates shall not at any Time exceed the Rate herein-ascer mentioned; and such Rate?, so altered, varied, reduced, or again advanced, may be recovered as such Rates as aforesaid may be recovered.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall Dunagrsdone be wilfully or negligently run or be driven against any of the Buoys, to the Buoys, Perches, or other Marks or Works to be made, placed, or erected by ^ons, L*Ind or the said Company of Proprietors, so as to break, damage, or injure the orher Works, fame, the Person having the Government or Charge of such Ship or Vef- JaiJ^/by the fcl, or acting as such, so wilfully or negligently offending, Hull be liable justices. to answer and make good the Damage or Injury done to the said Buoys,

Perches, or other Marks or Works, to be settled and afeerrained in a summary Way by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine o t Lane after; and in case the Person so offending shall not have compounded or settled the Damage or Injury with the said Company of Proprietors, which they are hereby required to do, or shall re* fuse to pay the Sum or Sums of Money to be awarded by the said Justices for or in respect of such Damage or Injury, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Ship or Vessel to be seized and distrained, together with the Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel thereof, until due Payment thereof, together with the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress; and if such Ship or Vessel shall not be redeemed within Seven Days nexc after the same shall be so seized or distrained, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so feiaing or distraining the fame, to fell so much of the Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel, of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel, as shall be sufficient to answer and make good the said Damage or Injury, and all Costs and Charges in consequrnce thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner of such Ship or Vessel.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner of any Maftm or Ship, Boat, or Barge or other Vessel, frequenting, coming to, or lying v.ifels an-or being in the said River, shall be and is hereby made answerable for any £*crabI: for Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, that shall be done by his Ship, Boat, Barge, Djm-‘°cs or other Vessel, or by any of the Sailors, Boatmen, Watermen, or others belonging to nr employed in or about the fame, unto any of the Buoys,

Perches, Beacons, Land Marks, or other Marks or Works upon, in, or adjoining to the said River Kibble, such Damage, Spoil, or Mischief to be after t..ined by any Two of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of LancoJler% and to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is herein mentioned or directed to be recovered; and in case the Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, Boat or Barge as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass by reason of any wilful Act or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant shall be liable to repay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass to such Owner \ and in case of Non-payment upon Demand, the same shall be recovered by such Owner in like Manner as any Penalty is herein authorized or directed to be recovered.

2572

Commission-*ts so be paid oat oi Rates.

Attions so be

brought in the Name of the Cluk.

To oblige Subscribers to pay their Subscript'.on,

Saving the Rights of all Persons.

grieved by any irregularity in Distress to recover only the Special Pa-mages.

46° GEORGII m. Cap. 121.

LXVI. Provided always, That all Costs and Expences which shall be incurred by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them, in prosecuting any Action or Suit or Pro:'ecurion touching the Execution of this Act, shall always be reimbuifed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That whenany Action or Suit shall be brought or instituted by Order of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, of any Five or more of them, against any Person or Persons in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, the lame may be brought in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that no such Action or Suit shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by any Act of such Clerk or Treasurer done, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, or any Five or more of them.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several 2nd respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards the Purposes of this Act, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, shall order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, shall by any Writing under their Hands, authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect: or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, tofue for and recover the fame in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effeign, Protection, cr Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance (half be allowed.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall excend or be construed to extend to affVft, prejudice, alcer, abridge,or take away any Rights. £ dates. Powers, Jurisdictions, Immunities, and Advantages cr Privileges whatsocVer, belonging or appertaining to any Person or Persons whomsoever (except such as are hereby expressly taken away or altered), but that all lucn Right, Estates, Powers, and Privileges, shall continue in full force and effect, and may be exercised and enjoyed in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made *, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trdpaflers on account of any Defect cr Want cf Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dif-refs, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the P. rty or Parties

distraining

2573

46° GEORGII III. Cap. izu

distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upjn the Cafe.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences under this Act may Recovery and be heard and determined by any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and ali Penalties and Forfeirur-*s by this Act imposed, concerning which no particular Di eel on hath been already given, shall, if the fame be not paid within Ten D.m after the same shall have been demanded, be recovered and levied by D stress and Sate of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two of His Maj<*fly’s Justices of the P-ace for the said County, which Warrant they are hereby empowered and required to grant upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or WitmfiVs, upon Oath, before them made (which Ouih ihry are hereby empowered to administer) provided the Offender or Offnders shall not in the rrem Time have compounded or settled with the said Company of Proprietory or any Five or more of tlkm, which they 3re hereby empowered to do } and that all Inch Penalties and Forfeitures, and also all o’her Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall when recover d (after deduct;ng all Costs and Charges of Distrcfs and Sale, and rendering the Overplus (if any)

Ivhen demanded, to the Parties whtfe Goods and Chattels shall be so diV. trained and fold) be paid to and for the Purposes of this Act; and in case no such Distrcfs as aforesaid can be had, then it shall be lawful for the said justices for the said County, by like Warrant or Warrants, to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County Palarine of lancaster, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Twenty-eight Days, at the Discretion of such Justices, unless the said Penalty, and Charges, shall be sooner paid and Satisfied*

LXXII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders FomofCon* against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or viction. Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form, or in any other Form of Words to t he fame Effedf, as the Case shall happen \ {videlicet).

BE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me C.D one of His Majesty’s

« Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine o i Lancaster% fjfeeifying the Offence* and the Time and Place w!. en and where the fame was tom- milted, as the Case shall bel. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year fi. ft above mentioned.*

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person P(,r/-on8 ag, or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any gr!<Vfd may Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, ao?ea>to the or Alteration of such Bye Law, or by any Order of the said Company of Qmrt«r Srt* Proprietors, or by any Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, may within Three Calendar Months after such Order shall fit Ptrf\ a 3 Z have

2574

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lit.

have been made or given, complain ro the Justices of the Peace at the Ge* neral Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, to be holden at Preston in and for the said County Palatine o{Lancaster% which Justices shall in a summary Way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions or Adjournment, or if they think propel, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden ac Preplan afottsaid, for the said County; and if they, fee Cause, mjy mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, cr Determination, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Paity injured as they shall judge reasonable.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or In-of A£hons. formation, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this A#, or in die Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Determination* herein.before given or granted, tvery such Suit and Information shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damage, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall cease, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the said County, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants General Issue. in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iffje, and give ms Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by virtue of this Act s and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, o 1 for* mation, shall not be brought before the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than aforesaid, then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hill become nonfuir, or differ a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or it upon Demurrer, or otherwise. Judgement shall have been given ag find the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have full Cods, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

fublickAa.

LXXV. And be it further enacbd. That this shall be deemed and

taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specialljr pleaded.

SCHEDULES

+6‘ GEORGII III. Cap. in.

2 S

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers*

Schedule (A.)

RATES, TOLL, OR TONNAGE DUTY ON SHIPPING.

RATES OR PRICES TO BE PAID TO THE PILOTS.

From Preston Quay to Naize Point and Freckleton Pool, or from Naize Point and Freckleton Pool to Preston Quay

For every British Sloop or Vessel with OneMaft, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Foot for every Foot of Water such Sloop or Vessel shall draw.

For every' other Bricifh Vessel with Two or more Mads, Three Shillings for every Foot of Water such Vessel shall draw.

From Naize Point and Freckleton Pool to the furthest or West: Buoy next the Sea, or from the furthest or West Buoy to Naize Point and Freckleton Pool:

For every British Ship or Vessel, Two Shillings per Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel thall draw.

For every Foreign Ship nr other Vessel, double the aforesaid Rates to and from such Part of the said River Ribble as such Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be piloted.

Every British Ship or Vessel Every Foreign Ship or Vessel

£ i-

o 36 per Ton* o 3 o per Ton.

Schedule (B.)

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mo ft Excellent Majesty. 1806.

.*f 0 1 I n'

’: i w J

*r

- »/V

:o i

Q

K

- ikV'

h ’ ' -

t vff »i3 n - I M-. ~-r

I * ', T ?T ’ *V r-

i.'i-.V i" '

v,-> -~

' . , 1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

t*t

Cap. I 22.

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more - effectual an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the County of Sussex.

[i 2th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Oulr^fresh Lewes Bridge at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the f<iid Parish of Cuckfield; and also of a Branch of the said River, to Shoribridge in the Parish of Kletching, in the County of Suflcx, certain Per Tons therein named and defer ibed were united into a Company for carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Navigation, by the Name and Style of The Company cf Prrprieters 0 of the River Ouse Navigation , and the said Company were authorized to ruitc and contribute among themselves a competent Sum of Money for making, earning on, and completing the said Navigation, and the other Works >nd Convenicncies to the fame belonging, not exceeding in the \J-oc, JVr.J 29 B Whole

30 c- 3. c. jt.

2582

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

Whole the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, which was to he divided into Two hundred and Fifty Shares of One hundred Pounds each: And whereas no more than the Sum of Twelve thousand seven hundred Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, has been subscribed and actually paid to the said Company of Proprietors on account of such Shares, but many of the said Proprietors have advanced by way of Loan, to the said Company, a further Sum of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, for which the said Company have agreed to pay Inrtreft: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have borrowed the further Sum of Five thousand five hundred Pounds upon the Security of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties a ifing and to arise by virtue of the said recited Act, in Addition to their aforesaid Subscriptions,' and all the Money so raised has been expended in the Prosecution of the Works of the said Undertaking, and in carrying into Effect the Purposes of the said Act and the said Company of Proprietors have also incurred sundry other Debts in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, which yet remain unpaid and unsatisfied: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have, in pursuance of the said Act, proceeded in making and completing certain Parts of the said Navigation, and the Works thereunto appertaining; but it appears that much mere Expence hath been and will be necessarily incurred in completing and maintaining the Lid Undertaking than the fame was originally estimated ar, and more Money than the said Company of Proprietors have yet beeh able to ra fe will be required to liquidate and discharge the Debts of the said Company, and to finith and complete the said Navigation and other Works by the said Act authorized to be made and done: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act have in other Respects been found inadequate, and it would greatly facilitate the carrying into Effect the Purposes of the said Act if the fame should be altered and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-Powers of the bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all c?te<vded and evei7 Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, ti.i» Act. Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things w hat foe ver therein contained (save and except such Parts of the same as are hereby varied or repealed) shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enables and empowers the said Company of Proprietors to extend and cen-mpiiny tinuc the Navigation of the River Ou/e from a certain Bridge called Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuchfield, to the Extent of the said Parish Ham. of Cuckfield in the County of Susex, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and neither the said recited Act or this Act, or any Clause, Power. Rate, Duty, Toll, or other Matter or Thing therein respectively contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to such Part of the said River Qufe as is ' ' ' situate

So much of

30 Cl- 3

r Bri Jr-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 122. 2583

situate and being between the said Bridge called Hammir Bridge and the Extent c£ the said Parish of Cuckfield.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Empowering said Company of Proprietors, and they are herthy authorized and empowered to raise, in Manner herein-after mentioned, the Sum of Thirty therSumof thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary for the making, Mcn->'» completing, and maintaining the said Navigation and Works, over and

above the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds empowered to be raised by the said recited Act, notwithstanding the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds has not been wholly* raised by virtue of the Powers of the said Act; and such Money so to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be applied in completing and preserving the said Navigation ta Hammer Bridge aforesaid, and in executing the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this A t.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the andtoafllgn said Company of Propreitors, and they are hereby authorized and cm- Ra^and powered, to raise the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds by borrowing Duties,a* a; and taking up at Interest, or by way of Annuities, in Manner herein-after Scc"*ity. mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money (not exceeding in the Whole

the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds) upon the Credit of the Tolls payable by virtue of the said recited Act; and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to assign and make over the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, and the Tolls, Rate', and Duties arising and to arise by virtue of the said recited Act or any Part thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance the fame, all which Assignments shall be made under the common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Form or to the Effect following:

pY virtue of an Act made and passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Form of

Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for MortSag*«

‘ altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirtieth

Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River ‘ Ouse, in the County of Sussex, We, The Company cf Proprietors of the River Ouje Navigation} incorporated by and under the said recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, in Considera-

‘ tion of the Sum of of lawful Money of

‘ Great Britain to us hi Hand paid by of

do hereby bargain, fell, aifd transfer unto the said Executors, Admirifrrators, and

Afligos, all and fingolar the Tolls, Rates, and Duties arising by virtue

of the said Acts or either of them, and also the said Navigation, Under- taking, and Premises, and all the Right', Title, and Interest of us the said Company of Proprietors of, in, and unto the lame, to hold unto

the said Executors, Administrators, and

4 Afrigns, until the said Sum of together with Interest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum perAnnwiu shall be fully

paid off. Given under our Seal the Doy cf ’

And

*58+

Mttney any

ror:a of Grant of Annuity.'

6° GEORGII III. Cap. 1^2.

Anu all and every the Per Ton and Persons to whom such Alignment of Assignments shall be made, shall be equally entitled to his, her, or their Proportions of the said Tolls, Rates, Duties, and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Assignment or Assignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Due of any such Afligr.me it; and the Money so to be borrowed is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and applied, after Payment of the Costs and Charges of obtaining and puffing this Act as herein-after mentioned, for and towards completing and maintaining the said Navigation and Works authorized to be nm!e and executed by the said recited Act and other the Purposes thereof, and to *no ocher Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall think it advisable or more advantageous to raise all or any Part of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds by granting Annuities with Benefit of Survivorship, or otherwise, payable out of the said Rates or any of them, instead of raising the fame by way of Mortgage as at'qre-said, then it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise any such Monies b/ the granting of such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, to or for the Use or Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, any such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Company shall agree upon for the absolu-.e Purchase of such Annuity, to be paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or during the natural Lives of every such Contributor, or the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, so as that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so that the whole Money to be raised upon Morrgage, and by the granting of Annuities as aforesaid, do notexied the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be by Deed, under the Common Seal of the said Company, according to the Form following j (that is to

lay).

: wFt The Company of Proprietors cf The River Oufc Navigation, in

Consideration of the Su;n of to us

‘ paid by of do hereby, by virtue of an AdVpafll-d in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the ThufL intituled, An Ai,1 for altering, amending, and rendering ‘ more cffetiua.l an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty 6 for improving the Navigation of the River Oufc, in the County of Sussex,

grant unto the said Executors, ‘ Admin istrators, and Assigns, a } Annuity or Yearly Sum of

to be issuing out of all and Angular the Rates arising

4 by virtue of the said recited Act of <he Thirtieth Year of His present

Maj-fly, to hold unto the said Executors, Administrators,

and Assign?, for the Term of Years [<?r, to hold unto the

‘ f.bd Afligr.s during iiis natural Life, cr,

to hold unto the said Executors, Administrators, and

4 Afligi'S, for and during as the Case may le\ \ and

2 such

46° GEORGII III. Cap. xii. 3585

(Lch Annuity or Yearly Sum shall be payable and paid at upon

tte yearly, by equal Half-yeaily Poitions; an"d

the first Payment thereof to be made upon the Day

‘ of next. Given under our Seal this Day

‘ of

And every such Grant shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpolrs; and that all the Grantees of such Annuities shall be equally entitled to their Proportion of the said respective Annuities, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Grant, or on any other Account whatsoever; and an Entry or Memorial of every such Grant, containing the Date thereof, and an Account of the Name or Names of the Party or Parties (with their proper Additions) to whom the same shall have been made, and of the Cor.sideration of such Grant, and or the Annuity granted, and the Duration thereof, (had within Two Months next after the Date thereof he written and inserted in a Bock to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors; and ali Annuities and every Person or Persons to whom any such Gr..ot shall have been made, or who (bdi be entitled to the Annuity thereby secured, may from Time to Time affirm or transfer his, her, or their Right and Title therein to any Person or Persons, according to the Form following; (that is to %.

r of in Confederation of the F^rm°f

k Sum of to me paid by do hereby rranser*

transfc- unto the said a certain Grant made by The Company of Proprietors of the River Qufe Navigation, bearing Dace

the Day of of an Annuity of

payable

and all my Right, Title, and Interest in and to the Annuity thereby

secured, to hold the lame unto the said Executors,

‘ Administrators, and Assigns. In Witness whereof I have hereunto let ‘ my Hand and Seal, this Day of

And every such Transfer shall within Two Months after the Date thereof ^'^redby be produced and notified to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, the*Clerk. 7 who shall thereupon cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Annuity thereby transferred, in the said Book, for which Entry such Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made every such Alfigr.ment shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, fur, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the full Benefit of the original Grant; and it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall have made any such Transfer at any Time afterwards to make void, release, or discharge the said Annuity, or any Part thereof.

VI. And be it further etia&ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and ec^uteAffign*. for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully authori- menu to Th* 2ed and empowered, to assign and make over the said Navigation, Under-taking, and Premises, and the Tolls, Rates, and Duties arising and to company, anse by virtue of the said recited Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security for the said several Sums of One thousand seven hundred and seventy- niesonthe seven Pounds, and Five thousand five hundred Pounds, and for all other s1ecu^it2’ of [Lcc.UJPtrl *9C Sums lhc r°"‘-

2586 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

Sums of Money now due and owing by the said Company of Prc-priefots thereon, together with Interest for the fame at the Rate of give Pojhcls per Centum per Annum, to such Person or Persons to whom ttir fa hie now is or shall become due, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustets, or leg.d personal Representative, or legal personal Representatives, under the Common Seal of the said C mpany, in such and the like Manner as the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to align and make over the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premia, and the said Tolls, Rates, and Duties to the Several Persons who shall advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money to the said Company of Proprietors, under and by virtue of this Acr; and all and every Person or Persons to whom such last-mentioned Alignment or Alignments shall be made shall be equally entitled to his, hei, or their Proportions of the said Tolls, Rates, Duties, and Premises, according to the respective Sums to be expressed in such last-mentioned Alignment or Alignments, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such last-mentioned Alignment, save as hr rein-after is provided, that such Person or Persons as shall lend and advance to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum or, Sums of Money under this Act, shall have a Preference and Priority ovet'such Person or Persons as have already lent or advanced any Sum or Sams of Money to the said Company of Proprietors before the paling of this Act: Provided always, that the said several Sums of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, and Five thousand five hundred Pounds, and all such Sums now due and owing by the said Company of Proprietors, and for the Repayment of which any such Alignment or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds to be raised by virtue of this Act.

Alignments

VII. And be it further enacted, That an Entry or Memorial of all to he entered and every such Alignment or Alignments, containing the Date, Names tnaBjok, tfle partjcs> antj $um of Montry borrowed, or mentioned to be thereby securtd or made payable, shall, within Two Months next after the fame shall be made and executed, be entered in One or more Book or Books to be kepi for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Company of P:o-prietors, without Fee or Reward, to be charged to or payable by the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Benefit such Alignment shall be lo made and executed; which Did Book or Books shall and may be peruled at all seasonable Times by all and every of the Pj^prietors and Creditors of the said Navigation, and other Persons interested therein* tranTcmd without Fee or Reward j and that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Alignment or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time align and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit of, in, and to the Principal Sum of Money and Interest thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by indorsing on the Back of such original Grant or Alignment, before One credible Witness, who shall subsciifce his or her Name as a Witness to such mesne or fuble-quest Alignment, the following Words, or Words to the like Effect j videlicet,

rn!rff - 4 I c ^ereky transfer this Grant or Asignment, with all my Right and

"m er. I j tjg to prin^pai Monty herby secured, and to all the Interest

‘ now

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 122. 2587

‘ r.o./ due or hereafter to become due thereon, unto ‘ of . Executors, Admir.iurators, and AfilgRS.

Dated this Day cf in the Year ol our

Lord Witness .*

And all and every such Transfers or Alignments shall, within Two Tfan.fef to Months next after the Date thereof, be produced and no ified to the said oe ntereu by Clerk, who shall thereupon cmfe an Entry or Memorial to be made of tl,e cier*. all and every such Alignments or Transfers, cor,taming the D.*te, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Grant* or ACign-njents, far wr.ich last-mentioned Entry the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no m »re , and after such Entry made every such Assignmenc shall entitle such nflignee, his, her, and their Execu'orr, Administrators, and Aliens, to the full Benefit of the original Grant and Alignment, and every such Assignee may :n like Manner align again, and so toties quolies; and it shall not b_ in the Power of such Perl'on < r Persons who shall have made any such lait-hirnnoned Alignment, at any Time after such Alignment made, to make void, reicdfc,

*>r difehafge the original Grant or Alignment, cr any Monies thereby Lcured, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Annuities Annuities and to be granted as aforesaid, and the Interest of the Money which shall be

secured, raised, or borrowed by Morrgage as aforesaid, shall be paid rowed to be regularly yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, out of the Produce 11,11 of the 'foils of the said Navigation, in Preference to any Interest or Dividends due or payable under or by virtue of the said recited Act, tolhe said Company of Proprietors, or any of them.

IX. And whereas the several Persons to whom the said Sums of One P-^fons ad-thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven Pound', and Five thousand JCunijtrIo‘ five hundred Pounds, now remains due and owing, are willing and have tins Act, to consented that the Persons who shall advance or lend any Sum or Sums ren^o thT of Money under or by virtue of this Act, shall have a Preference and former Cn-Priority over them as herein-after is mentioned; be it therefore further dltori* enacted and declared, That all and every the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to the said Company of Proprietors under and by virtue of this Act, shall be considered as having a Preference and Priority to and over the several Persons who have lent and advanced any Sum or Sums of Money to the said Company of Proprietors before the passing of this Act j any Law, Usage, or CulDm, or any Thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, that at the first such Pa.-tof GeneT.il Assembly therein directed to be held for the Purpose of putting

the said recited Act into execution, the Proprietors aGlmbled, together th~ Number* with such Proxies as should be then present, should chcofe I hree Per- of the Cmn. fonsfor the Time being, Proprietors of the said Navigation, which Persons Three so chosen should be a Committee to manage the Affaiis of the said Com- pealed, pany in such Manner as therein-after directed: And whereas it would be more beneficial to the Interest of the said Company cf Proprietors if the Number of the said Committee were enlarged j be it therefore further V *3 enacted.

2$8S

+6° GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

en-i&ed, That so much of the said recited Act as limits the Number of the said Committee to Three only, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

For appoint-

XI. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly, or Infs^f the61’ Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Att into Gentrai Af- Execution, shall be holden between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the f-mbly. Forenoon, at the House of James Elliott, bearing the Sign of The Sheffield Arms> in the Parish of Fletching, in the County of Sujex, upon the Fiift Monday in August next aftrr the passing of this Act, and the next General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors shall be holden on the Fiilt Monday in February then next following, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, at the most centrical and convenient Place to be fixed upon by the said Company of Proprietors or the m.^jur Part of them at any General or Special Meeting; and in case no Piace shall have been so appointed at any such Meeting, then such General Assembly or Meeting shall be holden where the last General Assembly or Meeting was holden; and the like General Assemblies or Meetings shall be holden annually on the like Days and Months, and between the Hours of IVn and Twelve in the Foorenoon, in every Year, for the future; and at such their First General Assembly or Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Proprietors assembled, together with such Proxies as shall be then p.el nr, perfot.6 to be shall choose Nine Persons of and out of the Proprietors of the said Navi-CommirTee gation, and such Nine Persons so chosen shall be a Committee to manage with Povfcr the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, and they or any Three o7rtSre'Sree or more them shall have Power to manage the Affairs of the said Com-themtoact. pany of Proprietors in such Manner and subjtd to such Controul as is provided and enacted in and by the said recited Act; and the said Com-Power to pany of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to adjourn. Time'to such Place or Places as shall at such General Assemblies or Meetings be thought meet and convenient.

flowered

XII. And be it further enadeJ, That it shall and may be lawful for *nr*fei|ie the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully authorized and Lauds, Ac. empowered, to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal to grant and convey in Fee, either for a Sum or Sums of Money in Gross, or for any Annual Rertf, all such of the Messuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments already purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, or which shall be purchased by or conveyed to the said Company, as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Works, or any Part or Parts thereof, for such Sum or Sums of Money, or under such Yearly Rents, to be reserved or limited in such Manner as in such Conveyances shall be exp'tfled; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal to grant and convey, a'll or any Part of the Annual Rents or Yearly Sums which shall or may be reserved or limited to the said Company of Proprietors; and that all such Grants and Conveyances shall be valid and effectual, any Thing in the said recited Act or any other Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Messuages,

Linds,

4-6* GEORGII 1 Ik Cap. 122. 2589

Lands, referred Rents, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Par. cel thereof, it shall and may be lawful f rr the Treasurer ot Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Pr^prieto-s to sign and nivs Receipts for the Money f r which the same shall be fold, and all 'Tmd every such Receipt and Receipts shall be and be deem?d and taken to be a sufficient Discharge and D scha ges to the Purchase* or Parch.>fer7, for the Money for which such Premiss shall be so fold, or for so. much thereof as in such Recripts shall be acknowleged or rxprtflrd to be received; and such Person or Pei f ns shall not be answerablfe or accountable for any Lottes, Mifipplication. or Nonappliranon of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors, Land,before before they shall sell and dispose of any such Lands or other Hereditaments, to the shall first offer to re-sell the same to the Person or Persons from whom peif.msof they shall have purchased such Lands and other Hereditaments, and in Pur‘ case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame, then and in every such Case any Affidavit, to be made and sworn before a Matter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or other Hereditaments shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way intended in the said Lands or other ILrdiuments,

Rating that such Otter was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered,

shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants and Conveyances DfCiar;ng the to be made by the said Company of Proprietors under or by virtue and in Words pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities to them by this Act dven, ‘ the Words gran:, bargain, and fell,' shall amount to and be construed *?di‘*to and adjudged in all Courts of Judicature to be express Covenants to the QP0ev^l^ior Grantee, Lcffee, or other Purchaser, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, the Titie, Administratnrs, and Aflrgns, from the said Company of Proprietors for themselves and their Successors, that they the said Company of Proprietors, notwithstanding any A<St done, by them, were at the Time of the Execution of such Grant, Leak, or other Conveyance, respe&ivclv leiled of the Hereditaments, Rems, and Premises thereby granted, bargained, and fold, of an indefeasible Eftafe of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, for quirt Enjoyment thereof against the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, and Alligns, and all claiming under them, indemnified and favrd harmless by the said Company of Pro. rirrer; and their Succt (Turf, from the said several Yearly Rems or Annual Sums to be so reipictively reservtd or limited in Use, and made payable by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, and Assigns, for and in respect of the said Lands and other Hereditaments so purchased and conveyed, or which rcuy hereafter be purchased and conveyed as aforesaid, and also for further Assurance of such Hereditaments, Rents, and Premises thereby bargained and fold, to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them, unless the same shall be restrained and limited by express particular Words contained in £Loc. Ss* Per.} 29 D such

2590

4.6® GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

Application cf Rents and Purdiafe Money.

Allowing:

Land adjoin-

"Western Side oflsfidd Lock to make use of Surplus Water.

such Grants or other Conveyances, or any of them; and all such Grantees, I.efiees, or other Purchasers, and his, her, and their several Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall and m3y in any Action or Actions to be brought, assign a Breach or Breaches thereupon as they might do in case such Covenant were expressly inferred in such Grants or Conveyances respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Yearly Rents which shall be reserved or limited in Use and made payable to the Lid Company of Proprietors, their Successors, and Assigns, upon any such Grant as aforesaid, and also all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be had, received, and taken by the said Company of Proprietors as the Consideration of any such absolute Sale as aforesaid, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in such and the like Manner as the Rates, Tolls, and Duties arising or to arise from the said Navigation are by the said recited Act and this Act directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of a certain Piece i|r Parcel of Land adjoining the Western Side of the Lock at Isfald,from Time to Time and at all Times from and after the passing of this Act, to have, take, and ufetht Surplus or other Wade Water at the said Lock, for such Purposes and in such Manner as he, she, or they shall think proper: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, at an*' Time or Times to take or draw, or cause to be taken or drawn, the Head cf Water at the said Lock lower than the usual Head of the said Navigation.

Allowing the

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to BarcombeS°f ar'^ for Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of a certain Mill Mill to make called Bar combe Mill, in the Parish of Bcir combe, in the said County of Sussex, use of Surplus from Time to Time and at all Limes from and after the passing ct this certain Lock. Act, to have, take, and use the Surplus or other Waste Water at a certain Lock late called Snajha/l's Lock, but now Brimmer Wood Lock, in the Parish of Barccmbe, in the said County of Stijfex, for such Purposes and in such Manner as he, she, or they shall think proper: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the said Mill called Bar combe Mil/, at any Time or Times to take or draw, or cause to be taken or drawn, the Head of Water at the said Lock lower than Four Feet above the upper Sils of the said Lock.

Power for

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said fcrv«Tn.RC" Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to purchase and hold any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purpose of making a Reservoir or Relervoirs for supplying the said Navigation with Water, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain: Provided always, that no such Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose ot

making

259r

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

making such Reservoir or Reservoirs, shall be made by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and no such Lands f> to be purchased for the Purpose of making such Rcfervoir or Reservoirs shall exceed Foity Acres in the Whole.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Directing the

or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments pur- ^ESoney chafed, taken, or tiled by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and paid for com-this Act, or either of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong £mds°&c. to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons when ’ under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the recited Act particularly men- ,to

tioned, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to or exceed the 2ooi.

Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the

Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Dirtftion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Lund Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or feck other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid a Hefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or aflefting other Lands, tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the lame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Courr, in the Purchase of ether Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, lor, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (loud settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exi(ling, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Muncy shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and unril the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall Irom Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in cale such Purchase or Settle* menl were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money When left so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands Tenements, or Heredita- ^dVoTex-merits purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging ccedin^ »o*j.

to

2592 4 G K O RGII III. Cup. 122.

to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Iefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then in all Inch Cafes the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenement s, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hand*, be paid into the Bank in the Nameandwith the Privity of the said Accountant Gent ral of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Accountas aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustses, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Company of Proprietors (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dtrt&ion or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

S^nleft

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed cr awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for rheTime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or any Three or more of them shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian cr Gur.idians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

makmC<out0t

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Titles',2 °U whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded far the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall lefufc to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Prrrr.ifes to the Sarisfaction of the or if Persons said Company of Propreitors; or in case the Person or Persons to whom lound^Pur- any ^lic^ Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot chafe Money be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Ten; mcnis, to rteAaik1} or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Three or more of them, to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England^ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account co the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Object to the [describing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofiiion of the Court of the ,al^ Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application chancfri on of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered,

46° GEORGII lit. Cap. 122. 2593

empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the feme Coure shall teem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Tide or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just: and reasonable; and the C-tfliier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifyingfor what and for whose Use the lame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise upon any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of More.°so so the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any b: p ui.Pfr. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Righr, or Interest SJi^VoV in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance the L.-.mis ro thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money,

or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or to tu *v:cnyr* Persons who shall have been in Poiltflion of die Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under futh Person or Persons, or under the Poll' flion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and tiken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments, according to such PulTfllon, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Coure cf Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dTposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession wa-> a wrongful Poflertion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by The Ccurt reason of any Disabidty or Iqcapacicy of the Person or Persons, or Corpo-

ration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur- Expend* ct chafed under the Auihoiicy of the said recited Act or this Act, the Pur- be p!idt0 chafe Monty for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court the Company, of Chanctry, and to be applied in the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like fifes in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reaforufcle, together wnh the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company of Piopiietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purports as the said Court ftiali direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, and Charges of texpmejpf obtaining and parting rhis Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Com-

[Loc. fc? P*r.*| 29 E pally

2594

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

pany of Proprietors by and out of the first Money that shall come to their Hands after the passing of this Act, by virtue hereof, or by virtue of the faitl recited Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act rtiall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Jo dices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s moss Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

lM*t*ft*JM*4

Cap. 12,3.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Provisions of an A eft, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making and constituting a new Parish, by the Name of The Parish of Saint George, on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin, therein described, and for erecting and building a Parish Church therein. (ji2th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in Ireland, in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act 3* " for making and constituting a new Parish, by the Name of " The Parish of Saint George, on the Ground adjoining the City of " Dublin, therein described, and for erecting and building a Parish " Church therein;" certain Lands and Grounds, situate, lying, and being within certain Bounds therein mentioned and described, were declared to be the Lauds and Grounds constituting the said Parish of Saint George; and certain Parts of the said Lands and Grounds were vested in the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being and his Successors for ever, for the Purposes of building thereon a Parish Church and Vestry-Room, together with necessary Conveniencies thereto, for the Use of il.ee. Per.] 29 F the

2598 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and for enclosing a Cemetery or Burial Ground: And whereas the Parishioners of the said Parish have proceeded to carry into Execution the several Powers vested in them by the said recited Act, and have duly applied the several Sums of Money received by them, whether by Grants, voluntary Contributions, or by the Cedes with which they are enabled at their several Vestries assembled to rare and assess the several Houses, Offices, and Grounds within the said Parish, for the Purpose of building and erecting the said Church, with a Tower or Steeple and a Vestry House, and for enclosing a Cemetery or Burial Ground, and for providing Ornaments and Utensils, and also a Bell or Bells for the said Church; but such Church is not yet completed: And whereas the said Church might be sooner completed and rendered proper for the Performance of Divine Worship, if the Inhabitants of the said Parish were enabled to borrow and take up at Interest, a certain Sum of Money, on the Credit of the Rates and Ceffes to be made by virtue of this Act, and to mortgage such Rates or Ceffes for the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, and for the Payment of the Interest; and the several Purposes intended by the said recited Act, might be better carried into Execution if certain of the Provisions thereof were altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty,

That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every Powers of the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things conTinued^ therein contained (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby (excepcwhere Var*ed> altered, or repealed) shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for altered or carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated and repealed.) re-enacted in this present Act.

Certain Parts H. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of former Act as enaQs> that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens epea. . ^ parish for the Time being, to take and receive all voluntary

Contributions which may be given to provide a Fund for the building and completing of the said Church with a Tower or Steeple, and a Vestry House, and for enclosing a Cemetery or Burying Ground for the Use of the said Parish, and also, with the Consent of the Rector or Minister and the Inhabitants of the said Parish, or the greater Part of them assembled at such Vestries or Meetings as shall be appointed for that Purpose, to rate and assess the several Houses, Offices, and Grounds in the said Parish with such Sums as they shall think fit, for and towards building and erecting the said Church with a Tower or Steeple and a Vestry House, and for enclosing a Cemetery or Burying Ground, and for providing Ornaments and Utensils, and also a Bell or Bells, for the said Church, and to levy the same, with the necessary Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Parties not paying, in such Manner as Ceffes for the Reparation of Churches in this Kingdom are usually levied and recovered, and that the said Churchwardens and their Successors shall apply all such Monies to the Purposes aforesaid, shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1^3.

III. And be it further enacted, That Ham Hamilton, John Claudius Beresford, Luke White, Carleton, Samuel Read, General

George Cockburne, General Brownrigge, Colonel Handfield, William Roper, Thomas Read, Robert Frazer, the Reverend Charles Cobbe Berefford, John Geale, Lynham, Robert Law, Jeremiah Dolier, John Ball, James Galbraith, yo/w Eccles, Frederick Edward Jones, Paulus Emilius Singer, Andrew Caldwell, the Reverend Joseph Pratt, Edmund Alexander Weir, Thomas Norman, Luke Norman, Thomas King/lon James, William Colville, Bartholomew Mazeire, William Cof grave, William Pemberton, Ebenezer Dix, Jo/w Pollock, Archibald HawkcJJey, and jW-w Rutherford, all of the City of Dublin, and their Successors to be nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for building and erecting the said Church with a Tower or Steeple and a Vestry House, and for enclosing a Cemetery or Burying Ground, and for providing Ornaments and Urenfils, and also a Bell or Bells for the said Church, and for otherwise carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Ad of the said Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the lame be done at fotne Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as is herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall be present at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Seven; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being slave and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Queliion, (including the Vote of the Chairman,) then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any One or more of the said Trustees hereby appointed, (save and except such Persons as are hereby declared to be Trustees by virtue of their respective Offices,) or their Succdfors to be elected in Manner herein mentioned shall die, refuse or become incapable to ad in the Execution ef this Act, or shall ceaie to be qualified to act as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trustee lo dying, refusing, or being incapable of acting; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Elec-lion shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be affixed on the Church Door of the Parish of Saint Thomas in the City of Dublin, being the next adjoining Parish, Ten Days at lead before such Meeting $ and every Person so elected a new

Trustee

2599

For appointing Trustees to carry thp Acts into Execution.

No Act of the Trustees valid unless at a Meeting.

Majority empowered to act.

Chairman to have the call* ing Vote.

Power to appoint new Trustees.

2600

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

Trustee as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whose Room or Stead he shall have been so elected.

Trustees may

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as exec*where are or Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their ref-

perfooalTy Pe^>ve Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices intcrelted. of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

First Meet-

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet ing of Trui- on the First Tuesday of the Month next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed to carry this Act into execution; and in case none of the said Trustees shall attend such Meeting, then and in such Case such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day, (Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and all Days on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated only excepted, and then to the next Day,) and so toties quoties, until a sufficient Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to ad in the Execution of this Act, or until a Trustee or Trustees shall attend and adjourn such Meeting; and the said Trustees shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meet* ings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there or at any other Place in the said Parish of Saint George, as to the said Trustees shall seem convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees toad in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, within Twenty-eight Days then following, to be holden at the same Place, and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on the Church Door of the Parish of Saint Thomas, in the City of Dublin, being the next adjoining Parish, at least Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the Tru flees at £iid Ti uftees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; in^toa* anc^ no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execu-theTr °wny tibrt of this Act, during such Time as he shall hold any Place of Expences. Profit under this Act. ul n.

Meetings on

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Emergencies. Mt’ding as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Times be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been ad-jodrned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him or left at his lad or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of the Meeting to be holden on such earlier Day,

in

26 oi

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

in Manner before directed; and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less tl an Ten Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said 1 rurtees at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall be affixed on tb» Church Door of the Parish of Saint Thomas, in the City of Dublin, being the next adjoining Parish, at lead 1 en Days before such lubicquent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of the Trustees present a« such fubkquent Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or /Alteration; and a greater Number of 1 rullees shall bd present at such subsequent Meeting than were present at the Meeting when such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding was had or made.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, when assembled at any ot their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, shall, for the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, and of Two other Acts, one made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for better keeping Churches in Repair," and the other made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to oblige Churchwardens to account pursuant to " an Act for the better keeping Churches in Repair, and to make " the Cathedral Church o( Ferns the Purish Church of the Parish " of Ferns" be and be deemed and taken to be a Vestry of the said Parish.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular I ntries to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, or of the said recited Act made in the Thirty^third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being ligned by the Chairman of such Meeting, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all causes, Suits, and . vdions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall at all the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Rates hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have a.id take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding Seventy-two Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and l'o in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

Ihoc. Ss9 Per.] , 29 G

No Order to be revoked unless at a Meeting fot the Purpose, nor unless a Majority of rhe Trustee*

Trustees assembled at Meetings to be deemed a

Vestry of the Parish, under Acts 3d Geo. II. c. 11. and 21ft & 22d Geo. III. c. 52.

Proceedings to be entered.

2602

4-6' GEORGII III. Cap. r23.

Trustees to

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven appoint Offi- or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing cers» under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of and remove this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to them; Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively as they the said Trustees shall fee occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by and allow virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allow-them Sala- ances, to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Trustees ffiali think reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds to any One Trustees to Person; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take take security sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer for the Treasurer due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers to Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time or ccount. Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, or of the said recited Act made in the Thirty* third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Pur pole, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Tuesday next preceding Easter Tuesday in every Year, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the lame may be audited, puffed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oarh any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to aJmimlter) verify their said Account; and if any such Officer shall refuse or uegleft to make and render or to verify upon Oith any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the lame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Twenty-eight Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or of the said recited Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they liiall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer so refusing or wilfully neglecting shall be or re fide, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so retufing and neglecting to appear before him; and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Panv, or by the

Testimony

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been coile&ed or raised by virt'je of this Act, or of the said recited Act made in the Thirty.third Year of the Reign of H:s present Majesty, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money to be levied by Did refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found suffit it nt to answer and satisly the said Money and the Costs and Charges of dill raining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as a fore said, or to produce the Vouchers relaiing thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, or of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he Ihxlt have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction ie* fpcding the lame as aforesaid. then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect, Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, at d Writing*, or give Satisfaction in rel'pecl thereof to the said Trul-ttcs i but no such Officer shall be detained or kept in such Common Gaol or House of Correction for want of sufficient Distress, by virtue of this Act, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

X1IJ, And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at any of their Meetings, to contract or agree with any Person or Persons for building and erecting the said Church, with a lower or Steeple and a Vestry House, and to provide and purchase, or to contract for providing or purchasing Materials for building, erecting, finishing and completing the said Church with a Tower 01 Steeple and a Vestry tloufe, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and for encloling a Cemetery or Burying Ground, and for providing Ornaments and Utensils, and a Bell or Bells for the said Church, and also for any other Article, Matter, or Thing to be provided by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all such Contracts and Agreements, when made and entered into by or between the said Trustees, and any other Person or Persons, Hull be reduced in:o Writing at the Expence of the Parties with whom such Contracts or Agreements shall be made by the said Trustees, and signed by the Parties thereto, and shall be good, valid, and binding, as well upon the said Trustees as upon all other Parties thereto, his, her, and their Executors, Adminiltra-tors, and Assigns, and the said Trustees shall and may pay or order Payment to be made of the Monies due upon any such Contract or Comrade, Agreement or Agreements, or upon any oth$r Contract or

Conti acts

2603

Trusteea empowered to make Contracts.

Contract to

be reduced into Writing.

4&» GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

Contracts made or entered into by any Vestry of the said Parish, for thd Purpose of carrying into execution the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same.

XIV. Provided always, That before any such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into. Ten Days Notice at least shall be given in some public Newspaper printed and circulated in the said Counry of Dublin, expressing the Purpose of every such Contract or Coutrafts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Trustees, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and Copies of all Contracts made in pursuance of ^Book for " ^ft, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Inipeflion of Purpose, and such Book and Books shall from Time to Time and at Parishioners. all convenient Times be open to the Inspection of all and every Inhabitant and Inhabitants of the said Parish, on Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence to the Clerk or Person in whole Custody the same shall be.

Materials

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Stones, Bricks, Tim-vested in the ber, iron, Lead, and Materials bought or procured for the several when *he Purposes of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign new Church of His present Majesty, and all the Stones, Bricks, Timber, Iron, is built. Lead, and other Materials bought or procured by the Order of the said Trustees for the several Purposes of the said recited Act, or of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of, and the fame is and are vested in the said Trustees; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Aft ions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case may require) against; any Person or Persons who shall (teal, take or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy the said Church, Tower or Steeple, or Vestry House, Cemetery or Burying Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Stones, Timber, Iron, and other Materials thereof, hereby vested in them as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and tills of Indictment it shall be and be deemed and taken to be iuffi ient to Hate that the said Church, Tower or Steeple, Vestry House, Cementry or Burying Ground, Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of the Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George Dublin.

Monies re- XV!. And be it further enacted, That all voluntary Contributions ceived under that may have been given for or towards building and erecting the Act 35 Geo. Church with a Tower or Steeple, and a Vestry House, and ior 5* t*?*111 endofing a Cemetery or Burying Ground, and providing Ornaments c ru ee*‘ and Utensils, and also a Bell or Bells for the said Church, and taken and received by the Churchwardens of the said Parish, and all and every other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever taken and received by the said Churchwardens by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

2604.

Ten Days Notice to be given of Meetings to make Contrails.

Contrails to

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

2605

such Purposes, and not disbursed or disposed of in pursuance of the Directions of the Paid Ad, shall be accounted for and paid over by the Paid Churchwardens to the Paid Troftees; and all such voluntary Contributions and Sums of Money shall, by the Paid Trustees, be applied and disposed of for carrying such several Purposes into Execution.

XVII. And be it Further enacted, That it Hull and may be lawful to Trustees inland for the Paid Truflets for the Time being, or any Seven or more of to

them, and they are hereby authorized and required, in each and every ma e ate8. Year until all the Monies to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, and the Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall be paid off and discharged, and the several Purposes of this Act carried into Execution, at some Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (of which Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall be affixed on the Church Door of the Parish of Saint Thomast in the City of Dublin, being the next adjoining Parish, Ten Days at the lead immediately preceding the fame respectively) to rate and assess the several Houses, Offices, and Grounds in the said Parish, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think sufficient for the Discharge of the Interest of the Money to be borrowed, and of the Annuities which may be granted under the Authority of this Act, and of the necessary Expences of obtaining and carrying the said recited Act, made in *he Thirty-third Y^ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution, and such further Sum as may be deemed expedient towards discharging the Debt which may be incurred under this Act; but no such Rate or Cess,shall in any One Year exceed double the Amount, of the Sum or Sums of Money as shall from time to time be allotted, ascertained, and charged for the Rector of the said Parish, on such Houses, Offices, and Grounds respectively, in pursuance of Two Acts made in Ireland, One in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Provi- 17th k 18th tf fion of Ministers in Cities and Corporate Towns, aryl making the Car. 11.

" Church of Saint /lndreus> in the Suburbs of the City of Dublin, presentarive for ever;" and the other in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth tf? rs of the Reign of His, present Majesty, intituled, c< An Act for the Mth & *4* ‘4, better and more certain Valuation of Houses in Counties of Cities and Geo*

of. oumies of Towns and such Rate or Cess shall first be made after the Expiration, of One. Calendar Month after the passing of th s Act, aqtjl shall be raised, levied, collecte.d, and paid by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the said Parish to the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by the said Trustees, and such Rate, or Cess shall be appropriated in paying the Costs, Charges, and Expences',o,f obtaining this Act, and of erecting and building the said Church, with a Tower or Steeple, and a Vestry House, and for encloling a Cemetrey or Burying Ground, and for providing Ornaments and Utensils, and also a Bell or Bells for the said Church, and in paying the Annuities and Interest of the Money borrowed by virtue of this Act, arid in otherwise carrying the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre-tot Majesty, and this Act, into Execution; and the Overplus of such

Rate or Eels shall from time to time be applied, in Manner by this Act directed, Jin Discharge of the principal Monies borrowed by virtue of this Act.

[Lee. V Per.]

29 H

2606

Rites not to be reduc without the

Consent of Creditors.

Rates to continue in force until new Ones made.

Churchwardens to levy the Rite, and account as directed by Acts,

3d Geo. IT.

21 & 22 Gjeo.,111. VS*-

Recovery of Rates.

46° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 123.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Trustees to reduce the said Rate or Eels in any One Year to a less Sum than Double the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money as shall from time to time be allotted, ascertained, and charged for the Rector of the said Parish, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, One made in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the other in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, whilst any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and which shall have been borrowed at legal Interest or under on the Credit of the said Rate, shall be due and owing, without the Consent of the Creditor or Creditors entitled to Two-thirds of the Money so due and owing.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Rate or Cess to be made by virtue of this Act, in or for any Year, shall continue in Force, and shall be levied, coIleSed, and received, in or for every subsequent Year until a new Rate or Cess shall be made, in such and the like Manner as if such Rate or Cess had been made in or for such subsequent Year or Years.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of the said Parish and their Successors, shall and they are hereby required to raise, levy, and collect such Rate or Cess, so made by the said Trustees, at such Time or Times in each and every Year as shall be by the said Trustees ordered and drreSed by virtue of this Act; and the said Churchwardens and theif Successors shall be, and are hereby declared to be fuBjCS and liable to' the like Rules, Regulations, Pains, Fines, Penalties, Actions, and Indictments, for refusing or neglecting to raise, levy, abet coiled such Rate or Cess in Manner aforesaid, or for refusing or neglecting to account and pay over to their Successors the Sum or Sums of Money so raised, levied, or collected by them, to all Intents

, and Purposes whatsoever, as Churchwardens are subject and liable to for refusing or negleSing to collect Parish Ceiles, or refusing or neglecting to account for such Ceffes, or to pay over such Cedes to their Successors, in Manner directed by Two several Acts, One made iti the 'I'hird Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better keeping Churches in Repair j" and the other made in the Twenty-first; and Twenty.fecbnd Years of the Reign of Bis prelint Majesty, intituled, "An Act to oblige Churchwardens to account,purliiant to an Act for the better keeping Churches " iri Repair, and to make the Cathedral Church of Ferns the Parish " Church of the Parish of Ferns.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refuse or negle'S td pay any Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been rated or

' assessed on their several Houses, Offices, and Grounds in the said Parish, by the several Vestries, in pursuance of the said recited Act made in the Th.irty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Space of Teh Days after Demand made thereof in Writing, and delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, signed by any Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the said Parish; or if any Person shall re.

fuse

2607

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

fuse or neglect to pav the Sum or Sums of Money at which he or she shall he rated or act'effect by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Ten Days after the same shall become due and payable as aforesaid, and after Demand in Writing made thereof, and delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, signed by any Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the said Parish; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to recover all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so due and owing by Civil Bill, in the Civil Bill Court for the County of Dublin, before the Afiiflant Barrister, or to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Dublin, which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof made upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) before them of such Demand and Nonpayment as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Seven or more of the said Trustees from time to time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fourteen Thousand Pounds, as they shall judge necessary for the several Purposes of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, upon the Credit of the said Rate or Cess to be made, levied, and collected by virtue of this Act; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign all or any Part of the said Rate or Cess to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with legal Interest for the fame; and the Charges and Expences of such Asignment thereof (to be made as hereafter mentioned) shall be from time to< time defrayed by the the said Trustees out of the Monies so borrowed; and every such Asignment shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following:

XTI7E, Seven of the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of an

« Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled j"Jet forth the Title of this

Ail,) in consideration of the Sum of advanced and

lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act,

Do hereby grant and assign unto the said A.B. [or, to his Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may require] his Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, such Proportion of the Rate or Cess to be raised, levied,

and collected by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any ‘ Time be borrowed or become due and owing, or be charged upon

the Credit of the said Rate or Cess, to be had and holden from this

Day of until the said Sum of with Interest at per Centum per Annum for the fame, shall be repaid

and farisfied. In Witness whereof we the said Trustees have hereunto

set our Hands and Seals, the Day of in the

Year .*

Power to borrow Mo* ney.

And

2608

4.6® GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

Afld all such Assignments shall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excels or Difference shall always be One; and every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all profit and Advantage thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

T XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall

nz Mon° ^ink. *l advisable or more advantageous to raise all or any Part of b/AonuhiVs fbe Money to be borrowed under this Act, by granting Annuities for One Life or Two Lives instead of Assignments as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Seven or more of the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant an Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life or Lives of every such Contributor or Contributors, or the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nomniated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their Contribution or Purchase Money, so that no such Annuity or Annuities do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a single Life, except in such Cases where the Person for whose Life any such Annuity shall be granted shall be of the Age of Sixty-two Years or upwards, and the Expence of every such Grant shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies so contributed; and the Grant of every such Annuity or Annuities shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following.

\\J Seven of the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of aT\

4 Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the ! Reign of King George the Third, intituled \Jlt forth the Title of this ‘ Ail in consideration of the Sum of paid to us by

‘ A.B. to C.D. Do hereby grant unto the said A.B. an Annuity or

yearly Sum of to be paid out of the Rate or Cess

‘ to be raised, levied, apd collected by virtue of the said Act, which V Annuity or yearly Sum of shall be paid to.the said

f A B or his Assigns, during the Term of his natural Life [or, as'[the ‘ Cafe may.be* to the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, or Af-‘ signs, during the natural Life of F. G.] upon the Day of

f in every Year during the natural Life of him the said

p . at the the tirft Payment thereof to be made upon the

Day of next enduing the Date hereof. In Witness

whereof, we the said Trustees have hereunto set our Hands and Seals,

if the Day. of in the Year

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law; iand every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the :saidj Trustees out of the said Rate or Cess to be raised, levied, and coi-lested by virtue of this Act, according to the Grant of such Annuity. lah 11 XXIV. And

46' GEORGII III. Cap. Hi.

XXIV. And be it farther enabled, That it shall and may be lawful'to and for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed upon legal Imereti as aforesaid, or to be raised by the granting of Annuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Adiniml-traiors, or Assigns (as the Case may be) at any Time, by Wxiting under their Hands anti Seals to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and every such Transfer may be in the Words, or to the Effect following:

J A. JL being entitled to the Sum of

4 [or, an Annuity of secured to C. D.

and his Assigns, or, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as

lbs Case may be] by virtue of an Alignment [or, Grant of an Annuity ] bearing Date the Day of under

the Hands and Seals of Seven of the Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this Act] upon the Credit of the Rate or Eels granted or payable + by the said Act, Do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the same Sum [or, Annuity] and all Interest and other Money now due and arising thereon, unto. E. F. his Executors, Adtnini- strators, and Assigns. Dated the Day of

And a Copy of every Security or Alignment, together with the Number or Numbers thereof, and of every Grant of Annuity which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, which Extract or Memorial shall specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties* and Sutm of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all reasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to insped the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the entering of every such Transfer the said Clerjc shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Peiion to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

XXV. And, in order that no preference may be given to any of the Persons who shall have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of the Rate or Assessment to be raised, levied, or collected by virtue of this Act; BE it further enacted, That the said Trustees (if there shall be more Creditors than One) shall cause the Numbers of all Assignments or Securities granted and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Rate or Cess, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Alignments or Securites shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Cl.*rk to the faiv* rrustees, or in his Absence by One of the said Trustees j and aftei ’very such Ballot the said

ILoe. £$* Per,] 39 / Trustees

2609

Power of

A (Hgnmer.es aid Anntii-

fcribedFonn.

Provision fof the Payment of Creditors by Ballou

s6io

Annuitants

off without their Consent.

borrow Money at a lower Interest to

discharge Se-

higher Rate.

Application o.f Money borrowed.

Declaring in in what Name Actions ((.all be brought.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. Hi.

Trustees shall cause Notice, finned by their Clerk, to be given so of left at the last or usual Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot, and where there is only One Creditor, to give One Calendar Month’s Notice to such Creditor of the Intention of the said Trustees to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the fame will be paid on a Day and a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than Three Calen-

dar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Money to be so paid off shall, from and after the Day to be so specified, cease and be no longer paid or

payable, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice and not paid; but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day to be so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable or require the said Trustees to pay off and discharge any Monies lent on the Credit of the said Rate or Assessment by way of Annuity, until all other the Creditors on the said Rate shall be paid off and discharged, and except the Party or Parties so lending Money by way of Annuity shall agree, or shall have agreed, to accept the Sum or Sums of Money offered or to be offered by the said Trustees, for the Repurchase of such his, her, or their Annuity or Annuities.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than the Assignments or Securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees from time to time to charge the said Rate or Cess in Manner aforesaid with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the Interest thereof at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Assignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest, according to the Directions and Regulations herein prescribed for paying oft' Assignments or Securities.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money which may be borrowed, advanced, or lent as aforesaid, on the Credit «f the said Rate or Cess, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and the same shall be applied and dilpoied of in paying and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and of erecting and building the said Church with a Tower or Steeple, and a Vestry House, and other Expences incident thereto, and for enclosing a Cemetery or Burying Ground, and for providing Ornaments and Utensils, and also a Bell or Bells for the said Church, and in otherwil'e carrying this Act, and the said Act: made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, into Execution.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Older of the said Trustees against any Person or Persons

2611

46° GEORGII in Cap. 123.

Persons by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, the lame may be brought in the Name of " The Churchwardens ot

the Parish of Saint George ;* and whenever any Action shall be brought by the said Trustees against the Churchwardens of the said Pan lb, the fame may be brought in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death of the Trustee in whose Name the same shall be brought.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Church- indemnity wardens of the said Parish, and all and every the said Trustees, shall Trustee* from time to time and at all Times hereafter be amply and fully £^rchw*f’ imderr.nified, from and out of the Monies to be raised under this Act, of and from all Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences, which they or any of them shall and may sustain, or be put unto, for or by reason of any Action, Suit, or other Proceedings which may be had, sued, commenced, or prosecuted by or against them, any or either of them, for any Matter or Thing which may be by them respectively legally done in and about the Execution of this Act, nor shall the said Churchwardens, or the said Trustees, or any of them, be personally liable or responsible for any Ad, Matter, Deed, or Thing done or executed, or for any Order, Judgment, or Determination made or given by them, or any of them, in or about the Execution of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Power for Informations, causes, and Prbceedings whatsoever, relating to or con- Inhabitant* cetning the Execution of this Act, bo Inhabitant of the said Parish of to be w"-Saint George shall be deemed an incompetent Witness on account of nc c‘*

his or her being charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Cess to be taised, levied, and collcded by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures Recovery of by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Penalties. Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or by virtue of the Powers

thereof impeded (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witntls upon Oath); and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deduding the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal

2&I2

4.6"

GEORGII

HI.

Cap. 12^.

so cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where the Offence shall hive been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Main prize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor.left than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Form of Con-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any

%i£lioo. Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed again!!

the said recited Act made in the Thirty- third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or any

Matter or Thing done in the Execution of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to say)

‘OR Remembered, That on this Day of

in the Year of the Reign

‘ of A.B. Is convicted before

‘ of His MajestyYJustices of the Peace for the

‘ of having [as the Offence shall be] and I [or, we] the said do adjudge him [[her, or them] to forfeit and pay for

‘ the fame the Sum of Given under

‘ my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year ‘ aforesaid.*

Appeal

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Cess or Ceffes, or any Judgment or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing made, given, or done in pursuance of the said recited Act made in the Thirty.third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justic.es of the Peace at the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place, within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the TimeTuch Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Pejrfon6 appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at leaf! of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and immediately after such Notice

entering into a Recognizance befote some Justice of the Peace for such C ounty or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice dnd Recognisance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs , tb either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they the said Justices shall judge prope; and the said Justices may also order such further Satisfaction, to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable j and all such Determinations of the said Justices mall be final, binding, and comuufive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

46° GEORGII III. Cap-. 123. 2613

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on any Justice*may Appeal from any Rate or Cess to be made for the Purposes of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His againstRates* present Majesty, or of this Act, the Justices at such General or Quaner without Session* shall and may amend the fame in such Manner as may be ne- quashing the cefTary for giving Relief, without quaffing or altering such Rate or Cess with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Cess it shall be found necessary to set aside the fame, then and in such Case the said Justices shall and may order a new Rate or Cess to be made in the Manner herein directed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall Distefs rot

be made for any Sum of Money to be lieved by virtue of the said for

recited Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre- ° sent Majesty, or of this Act, the Distress itferf shall not be deemed1 unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trafpassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form

in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or TrepatTers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXXVI. And be it Further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judg- Proceeding^ ment, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning the Con- n°t4^>cjCfor viction of any Offender or Offenders against the (a d recited Act made v/ant of

in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Form, or Act, shall be quaffed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed r-movable by or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process wharfo- C4rtion,u ever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs plaintiff not

shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person for any to recover

Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act made in the Thirty- 'vlthoul N°-

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, unless r^der of^' Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defen- Amend*, fendants. Fourteen Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action $ nor shall the Plaintiff recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Denfendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sunt

of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceed-

ings, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Action* where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

[Lee. & Per.’] 39 K

XXXYIil. Provided

2614

Limitation of AQions.

blic A£h

46° GEORGII III. Cap. rzj.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be further enabled. That no Ac* tion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, after the expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fa,ft committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Dublin, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Ver-dist, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Tieble Cods, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judiciallytakpn {lqtj.ee of, as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the Xing’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

M

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 124.

An Act to enable the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex, to provide an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish, and to ered a Chapel therein, and also other Buildings and Conveniertcies for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[12th "July 1806.]

WHEREAS the Burial Grounds of the Parish of Saint Mary-le~ Bone, in the County of Middlesex, are not sufficiently large and exrenfive, and it is expedient that an additional Piece of Ground fhmild be provided, in order to be appropriated for a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish, and for erecting a Chapel therein-, and also other Buildings and Convenivencies for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton: But, as such Piece of Ground canrot be provided, or Rich Chapel, Buildings, and other Conveniences erected, without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mofl Excellent Mi- jrfty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefrnt Parliament assembleH, and by the Authority of the same, That the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint [Loc. & Per.'] 29 L Mary-

2618

35.0. i-c. 114.

Veil ry men . not to hoH a Place of pi ofit.

Mav ait as Jutficcs.

First

fuble

Meet

ar.d

ting*.

Vestrymen

Monday.

Vestrymen may Jdjoum for a thorter o*- a longer Space than 1 he next Monthly Meeting, but Notice to be given thereof.

Further Ad. iournment of Meeting*.

Vestrymen

10 pay thair

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

Maryde-Bone, aid their Successors, appointed by virtue of an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Urt«n of His prci'ent Majesty, intituled, An Act for yspealini.several Acts snath in tfe Eighth* Tefith, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His prefers) MajeJlj, for rkgujating the Nightly IVaichandBeadles, and for paving, repairing* clcanftrtg, and lighting the Parish e/'Saim Mary-le-Booe, in the County of Middltfsex, and for the better Relitf and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for drjers other Purposes therein mentioned, and for shaking more efe Final Provison for these Purposes, are hereby authorized and empowered to carry-ibis present Ait into Execution, and the several Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Veftvman in the Execution of this AfX, during the Time he shall hold any Office or Place of Profit, other than and except the officiating Minister or Ministers for the Timching, or have ary Share or Interest any Contract or Work to be made or done in pursuance of this Act; but it shall at.d may be lawful for such of the said Vestrymen who shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the «Coumy of Middlesex, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Att notwithstanding their being Vestrymen. ,r>

III. And be it further enacted, That the Vestrymen of the said Parish, or any S.:ven or mere of them, shall, on the Fiift Monday immediately after the passing of this Act, meet in the Vestry Room at the Court House in the find Parish, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall afterwards meet at the Place aforesaid, and between the Hours aforesaid, on the First Monday in each and every Month, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, without any Notice being given to the said Vestrymeh of such Monthly Meeting.

IV. Provided aiways, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, to adjourn for any longer or (nor ter Space of Time than the Monthly Meeting immediately fubfrquent to the last Meeting, or to any other Place or Places than ftie Veltry Room at the Court House in the said Parish 5 but then.and in every such QdV, Notice of such Adjournment in Writing, or printed, to which Notice the Name of the Clerk to the said Vestrymen shall be affixed, shall be given to or left for such Vestrymen ac their last Or iifual Place or Places of Abode Two Days at the lead before such next Meeting.

V. And be it futther drraqwd* That if at any Time or Times it shall (b happen that there shall riot appear at any Monthly adjourned or other Meeting a sufficient Number of such Vestrymen as are herein enabled tt> act at such Meeting, then and in every such Case every such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the Monthly Meeting immediately iilbsequent to such Meeting, and Co tol;es qitoties; and at all their Meetings such Vestrymen shall pay their own Expenoes.

4&°georgii nr: Cap. 124..' 261$

Vt. And be it further enacted, That no Act of such Vestrymen shall be jj*fc'"li‘l or be deemed to be good or valid unless the fame be done at some Meet- Meeting, ing of the said Vestrymrn to be holden in pursuanie of this Act; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in such Vestrymen shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the

major Part of them who shall attend at any publick Meeting to be holden as is herein directed, the Number of such Vestrymen present at

such publick Meetings not being less than Sevens and aii the Ordrrs Mairitjr and Directions of the major Part of such Vestrymen present at such Justick Meet* Meetings shall have the lame Force and Effect as if the fame were ingtmay ' made or done by all such Vestrymen for the Time being; and at every act* such Meeting of the said Vestrymen a Chairman shall and may be ap- Chairman to pointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen th2t there shall be appointed, be an equal Number of Votes upon any one Question (including the Vote of the said Chairman) then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and fur the said Chairman, to give the casting or decisive Vote.

VII. And be it further enacted, That’ll shall and may b lawful to and cj^rma^to^ for such Chairman, or ro and for any Justice cr Justices of the Peace for q^1

the County of Middlesex then present, to admin liter an Oath to any Person or Persons, for the more cercain, Information of the fnd Vestrymen in any Matter or Business then depending; and if any Person or Persons shall, upon his, her, or their Exammaion upon Oath before the said Vestrymen, wilfully and corruptly give faife Evidence, such Perfm or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and he,

(he, and they is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law new in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Proceedings of Proceeding* the Vestrymen at any Meeting to be holden in purfance of this Act, shall not be valid until approved of, confirmed, and signed by the Chairman at firmed »r» some subsequent Meeting. Meeting"*

IX. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be Entries of made, in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, of all the ^ocerdiiigs Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the §°ncc, Vi" said Vestrymen, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names

of the Vestrymen who shall be present at the respective Meetings, and the fame shall, when so approved of and confirmed, be subscribed with the Name of the Chairman of the next Meeting; and all such Entries, being so signed, shall be deemed Orignals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touch-ifyj *ny Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Vestrymen shall and may Action* to sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and that no A&’on that may b- in the be brought or commenced by or against the said Vestrymen, or any of cferiu* them, by virtue or on Account of this Act in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the

Act of such Clerk, Without the Consent of the said Vestrymen, but the Clerk M the said Vestrymen for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or

2620

V /fry f ph

to app >int Officers and

them, and

Salaiies. '

Veftnmen to rake Security from the Treasurer.

Officer* to account.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

ot Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clnk in whoseName any Action or Suit shall bj? commenced, profrcti ed, or defended in } urfuance of this Acr, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of ary such Proceedings he shall be pur to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant thertin.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Vestrymen may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as the said Vestrymen shall think pro* per, and from Time to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively as :he fa d Vestrymen shall fee Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and orher Persons as the said Vestrymen shall think reasonable; and the said Vestrymen shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer for the due Execution of Ins Office, as they shall think proper \ and all such Officers f:> to be appointed shall under their Hands, *t such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Vestrymen shall dird, deliver to the said Vestrymen, or to such Pei ion or Persons as they shall appoint, tiue and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things cornu ictt-d to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers reflectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of tb i Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursrd, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them resprcrivtly to the said Vestrymen, or to such Perjfon cr Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, when thereunto required by the said Vestrymen, lay his Accounts before the said Vefltytnen, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, approved of and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oarh any one of the said Vestrymen is hetrby empowered to administer) verify their f..id Accounts j and if any such Officer shall refuse or n« gled to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account-, or produce ard deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refule or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Vrftrymen, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the fume, within S ven Days after being the reunto required by the said Vestrymen, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last cr usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Vestrymen respecting the fame, then ard in every such Case upon Complaint made by the said Vestrymen, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpefr, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglt d as afore laid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer so refuting or wilfully ntglcding shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and icquired loifiue a Summons or Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so refusing or neghding «> appear before him, and upon his appearing or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and if upon the Con-

fession

2621

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

firifion of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Wit* jicffcs upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies chat shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act shall remain due from . such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warranc under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficienttoanswerand satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refuted or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refuted or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satis* faction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Accounc and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Vestrymen for such Money, and shall have paid such Competition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Competition (he said Vestrymen are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Vestrymen; but no such Offender shall be detained or kept in such Common Gaol or House of Correction for want of sufficient Distress, by virtue of this Act, for any longer Spac* of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and All Confer the said Vestrymen to enter into any Contraft for making, building, keeping in Repair the said Chapel, Buildings, and other Conveniences,

and the Fence or Fences, Wall or Walls of the said Cemetery or Burial Ground, or,furnishing Materials, Matters, or any other necessary Things whati'eever, or for any other Purpose or Purposes in Execution of this Act; but before any such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into Fourteen Days Notice at the lead shall be given in some of the publick Newspapers printed and circulated in the said County of Middlesex, expressing the Intention of such Contract or Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Vestrymen at a certain Time and Place . in such Notice to be mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Vestrymen shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen from Time to Time «"» and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree wiih any Person or Per- personifor Ions on accounc of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contracc Breach of or Contraccs, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, Contnft*' so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury

or Damage fulhined by the Breach or Non-pcifbrmance of such Contracc or Content's, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be oc-rationed thereby, r

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 124:

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Contrail or ContrafE® shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be received or paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Vestrymen present at any Meeting, or any Seven or more of them, and also by the Person or Persons con-trading to perform such Works respectively; which Contract or Contracts when executed shall be entered or kept in a Book or Books to be provided for that Porpole by the Clerk to the said Vestrymen.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and iori.an.is for the said Vestrymen, and they are hereby empowered and required, as ami Buildings, soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to contract or

agree for the absolute Purchase in Fee Simple of any Freehold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of the abf»lure Estate of Inheritance in any Copyhold or Customary Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said P.trifli (provided that such Lands so purchased do not exceed Six Acres in the whole) with any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee 'Fail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Lfte or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trult, Executors, Admin strators, Hufbmds, Guardians, Committees K,r Lunaticks and Idiots, or other lrufLes whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of theft, CtUnique Ti lifts* whether Infants or Issue Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, who are or shall be ieifed in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to Idl the fame, for the Pu pose of building and erecting the said Chapel, Buildings, and other Conveniencies, and of providing and making the Cemetery or Burial Ground to be built, erected, provided, and made by virtue of this Act \ and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen and their Successors to hold such Lands and Premises so purchased without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

Bodies Po-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to maimed an<^ ^or a^ Poliuck* Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Ag-

to ftu, gregare or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any L fc or Lives, and all Feoffees in Xruft, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks, and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trurts, wherher Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall te seised, possessed of, or inierested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary by the said Vestrymen to he purchased for the Purpose of building and erecting the said Chapel, Buildings, and other Conveniencies, and of providing and making such Cemetery 01 Burial Ground, to that, contract, and agree with the said Vestrymen, fur the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof and 10 tell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the fsinr, to the said Vestrymen, for the Purposes of this Act -, and all Contracts, Agreements, Bargain?, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and

2622

Contracts to

be signed l>y the Vestry-

Vestrymen

k

i

i

i

JO,

In

Ml

)Dt

i*

be

«6T

r*

If

i

3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 124. 2623

in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law, whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Ule, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons wh.omsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such particular Estate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail* and other Estates in Possession, Revet fion. Remainder, or Expectancy, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Liver, and ail Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Ptr-fons are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to Application be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased by fast 0nTwhea virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall amounting belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee 10 loal* in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Femes Coverr, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments arelimitedin strictor other Settlement,ortoany Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amounr to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Cotirr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase and Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt of Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Coure shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the likeUfes, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses,

Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and cppable of taking effect*, and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery,

2624. 4^e GEORGII 111. Cap. 124.

eery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Confclidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application «hertthe t ompenfa-tion shall bt lei's than aool. and exce*d aol.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there shall beany Money to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability orlncapacity as aforesaid, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons fur the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their reflective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Vestrymen (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Money1* to Pa,c* as aforesaid, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all

lei* than *ol such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Vestry-men, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

where-ny

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question arl^e louchi"S the Title any Person to any Moqey to be paid, into touchin^the the Bank of England, in the Name and wi h the Privity of the Accountant Ti:!e t°tohe ^entrra* the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the paiT/ the Per- Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, ion w o shall Righr, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fionohlif" purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur-Lanc'.s, &c. chafed with ar.v such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such at The.T.‘me ' ' Bank

4-6° GEORGII III. <7^. 124- 262$

fejnk Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession ch.-r, shall of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Pur- cVumed chafe* and a’.l Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under neut>*c. the Puffcllion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and t.ken to f have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fi n, uniefc, according to such Poffrffion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Sa- UCm tisfaction of the said Court of Chancery } and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities co be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bink Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Poffcir.on was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were 1 rwfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any TheCoartof DiLbtiity or lnc.ipaci*y of the Person or Person', or Corporation, entitled ^lJ'nflcJv.r ro any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the ic^onahic Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required e«of to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase be paid by° of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like the vestry-Uses, in pursuance ol this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the meB*

said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Pime to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Vestrymert out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court Dull direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money on Payment so contracted or agreed ro be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Terie- of Purchase ments, or Hereditaments, by the said Vestrymen, to the Party or Per- ouey‘ fons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of being disposed

of in Manner herein-before diiccded *, and upon the Conveyance in Manner herein-alter directed, of such Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

*11 the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity of the Person or Persons respectively for jvhofe Ule the same shall be paid in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, Premires nd Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Vestrymen, and their Successors veftedinthe for ever, for the Ule and Purposes of this Act. meliVcllr>"

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be made to the Lid Vestrymen and their Successors, shall be made in the Form, or to the »'

Effect following; (videlicet),

A.B. of in Confutation of the Sum of E*ru»of

paid by the Vestrymen of the Patiflj of Saint Couvsyance. ‘ Mary-!e-ba;cJ\i\ the County of Middle] ex t acting by virtue of an Act of

Parliament made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King beorge \ the Thhd, intituled [here insert tU Title of this Act\ do hereby grant

and release to the said Vestrymen, and their Successors, all [here describe

V [Loo. tf-ptr.] 29 AT < the

S I

2626

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

the Premises to le co*ve)td] and all my Right, Title, and Inrereft t'i and ‘ in the lame and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Vestrymen and

thrir Succiflors for ever. In Witness whereof I have hereunto fct my Hand and Seal this Day of ‘ in the Year of our Lord

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so made shall be good* valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as to and against the Person or Persons making the same, and his, her, or their Crftuiquc Truth, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under, or in Trust for him, her, or them respectively, or in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy as aforesaid, and the lame shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Perl’on and Persons, and all t dates Tail, and all Estates in Pofifcflion, Reversion, Remainder, or Fxpedancy, the I flue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming or to claim under them respectively, as effectually as Fines and Recoveries would do, if levied or suffered by the Parties interested, and such Parties had been adult and without Impediment; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwit I.(landing.

cm*1'wered

XXIV. And whereas the said Vestrymen have purchased Lands and toTe.feiie Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said recited Act, not now neceflkry

Land. to be made use of for the Purposes of the said recited Act: be it therefore

enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them acting in the Execution of the said recited ACk and of this Act, to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Hands and Seals to ^rant and convey, by way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple, for a Consideration in Money, all or any P^rt or P<rts of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as may have been so purchased, as shall in the Judgement of the Vestrymen of the said P i(h at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Act, not be wanted for the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from :hc S le or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or T*ea» furers, Clcik or Clerks for the Time being to the said Vrftrymen, to fi.n ai d give Receipts for the Money for which the fume shall be f.dd, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknow. ledged or expressed to be rectivtd; and such Person or Persons Avail not afterwards be anlwrnble or accountable for any LofTcs, Misapplication, tr Non-appl.cation of such Pui chafe Monty, or any Part thereof.

Pecia'rtng the

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Grams and Conveyances

Seat*’Bm- by said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, under

yai», and or by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, the Words " Grant, Bargain, wtVaVoiJl "arK Sate,* stall amount ro and Ipe construed and adjudged in ail Court! of i»ms lor the Judicature, to be express Covenants to the Grantee or Purchaser, his, her, Tide. and their Heirs, Executors,' AdrnVniftiators, and Assigns, from ,tjiq

Vrftrvmeivof ihe laid Parish, for themselves and their Successfors, and tha$ th>y the said Vrftrymen, notwithstanding any Act done by thfem, were, at the Time of the Execution of such Grant or Coriveyance, Yeifed of the Lands,

Tenements,

2627

46' GEORGII lit. Cap. 124.

Tenement*, and Hereditaments thereby pranr^d, ba'giined, and fold, of an indtfeafible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, tree from all Incumbrances, for quiet Enjoyment ihereof against the said Vestrymen, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them.

XXVL. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising f;om the Monies re-Sale of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be applied and JSe'of Lani disposed by the said Vestrymen in the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, to foe applied and Hereditamenrs to he purchased by the said Vestrymen for the said Ce- [J metery or Burial Ground, and for carry ing the fcvetal Purposes of this Act Lands, into Execution.

XXVII. And be it further ertafted, That it shall and may be lawful Sroundlm-

to and for the said Vestrymen to make use of such Part or Parts of iold 10 be

the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditamenrs, purchased by them for the Purposes of the said recited Act, as to them should seem right and try, &c.

proper, and to apply the fame for the Purpose of such Cemetery or Burial Ground.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Stones, Brick, Materials for Timber, Iron, Lead, and other Materials, bought or procured by order building the of the said Vestrymen for building and erecting the said Chapel, Build-

ings, and other Conveniences, or for inclosing the said Cemetery or Bu- v«itrymen. rial Ground, or for erecting and building any Buildings or other Works to be crested and built thereon by virtue of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Vestrymen; and it shall be lawful for the said Vestrymen to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indiftinenc C" tht Cafe may require) against any Person or Persons who shall fteaJ, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy the said Chapelorother Conveniences, or the Wall or Walls, Fence or Fences of such Cemetery or Burial Ground, or of any Building or other Works erected, made, or.built by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Stones, 'l imber, Iron, and other Materials thereof hereby vested in them the said Vestrymen as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in-all such Actions and Bills of Indictment it shall be and be deemed and taken to be sufficient to fta:e generally that the said Wail, Fence, Building, Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which* such Action or Actions shall be broughr, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of ‘The Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-lt-bone, in the County of Middlesex,' without particularly dating or Specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Vestrymen.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Cemeferyto and for the said Vestrymen to cause such Piece or Parcel of Land so to be be ,nclote ' purchased by virtue of this Act, to be taken in and inclosed for a Cemetery or Burial Ground, in such Manner and with such Materials a9 they shall think proper, and also shall and may eFeft or cause to be erected thereon a Chapel and Vaults, and such other Buildings and Conveniences for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton* as the said Vestry- 4

men flull direct,) Jfo that the Charges and Expences of purchasing such Land, abd of erecting, building; and completing such Chapel, Build-t O vtj zv rn-'.r' i* - ines.

2628

Penalty on 'drtlroying Walls or Mo-nuinent*.

A Mipjfter

appointed for burying the Dead f

and slfo for performing Divine ter-

AOrk to be appointed.

Pew Opener or Chapel Keeper, Ac.

-pointed.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

Ings and other Conveniences as aforesaid, do not exceed in the Whole file S m of Twenty thousand Pounds , and such Land, when so inclosed, shall and may he consecrated for a Burial Ground, and also the said Chapel, when built and completed, shall and may be conlecrated according to the Usage of the Church of England, and shall for ever thereafter be used as an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground and Place of Worship for the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously injure, pull, or break down the Fence or Fences, Wall o" Walls, or other tnciofure of the said Cemetery or Burial Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof, or break down or destroy any Head or Foot Stone, or Grave Stone or Monument which shall be therein erected, cr obliterate or deface any Inscription thereon, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, on being thereof duly convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Midd/efex, on the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds *, and such Money when so paid shall, in the First Place be applied to repair the Damage so done, and the Remainder (if any) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Vestrypien to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Ground shall be inclosed and consecrated as aforesaid, the most Noble William Henry Cavendish Duke of Portland, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rtftory of the said Parish, and the Advowson of the Church of the said Parish, shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint a Minifttr of the Church of England to officiate in burying the Dead, for Life, or during Pie a lure; and that when the laic! Chapel shall be finished and completed, and consecrated as aforesaid, the said Duke, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall nominate and appoint in like Manner a fulficienc Reader to perform Divine Service, and preach in the said Chapel on Christmas Day, Good Friday, and on the Lord's Day or Sunday throughout the Year \ and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Duke, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, in C4fe it shall Xc^m right and proper to the said Vestrymen, to nominate and appoint.in like Manner another Minister of the Church of England to be Preacher only in the said Chapel j and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Duke, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, to nominate and appoint a Clerk and Sexton, with the Confeint and Approbation of the said Vestrymen, to officiate in the said Chapel and Burial Ground; and the said Reader, Preacher, Clerk, and Sexton shall have and receive for their respective Salaries such Sum and Sums of Money yearly, as the said Vestrymen shall think lie to appoint and direct. I V1..I ! r

XX.XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful-to an4 fw hjliniftec of Parish Church of Saint Mary-le~bone% for ti»0 Time

peypg, the Content of the said Duke, or such Person or Persons! as ibajl. ;lq entitled as aforeteid, ,to. nominee and appoint a Pewi Opener Qp^fS, Chapel Keeper or Chapel Keepers for tt^e said ChapeL as to; the is id Minister shall Lem right and proper j and from Time to Tinvl, wlcn the like Consent, to remove any such Pew Opener or Pew Openers,

Chapel

2629

4t>* GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

Chapel Keeper or Chapel Keepers, and to nominate and appoint another Person in the room or ft cad of every such Pew Opener or Chapel Keeper, so removed from his or her Office j and every such Pew Opener and Chapel Keeper shall have and receive for their respective Salaries such Sum and Sums of Money yearly, as the said Vdtrymen shall think fit and proper.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen at any of their publick Meetings to settle and fi>; the Rates and Fees for Burial of the Dead in the said Cemetery or Burial Ground j and shall and may from Time to Time make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, relative to and concerning Burials, and for keeping the said Chapel and Vaults and the Wall of the said Cemetery or Burial Ground, and any other Buildings and Conveniencies erecded thereon, in good and sufficient Repair, and the said Cemetery or Burial Ground in good and decent Order; and may from Time to Time alter and amend the said Rates and Fees, and make such other Rules, Orders, and Regulations, in and concerning the Premises, as to the said Vestrymen shall appear reasonable, necessary, and convenient.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Vestrymen to reduce the Rate or Fee to be paid to the Minister for the Time being, officiating or burying the Dead, for every Burial in the Cemetery or Burial Ground and Vaults to be made by virtue of this Act, to lei's Sums than are now payable according to the Classes or Divisions of the said Cemetery or Burial Ground for Burials in the present Cemetery of the said Parish, buc the same shall be due and payable to and may be demanded and taken by the said Rtdor or Minister, subject nevertheless to any Agreement which may be entered into between the said Rector or Minister, and the Minister to be appointed to the said intended Chapel.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen, if they think proper, to let the Pews or Seats to be erected within the said intended Chapel; and in case the Rent of any such Pew or Seat shall be behind and unpaid for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the same shall have become due and payable, the said Vefttiymen may enter upon and take Possession of such Pew or Sear, and let the same to any other Person or Persons, and may sue for and recover the Rent so in Airear and up to the Time of talcing such Possession, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, from Time 10 Time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the existingSum of Ten thousand Pounds at any one Time as they shall judge necessary, for the several Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the Rates and ‘Fees arising on account of Burials in the Cemetery or Burial Ground to be made by virtue of this Act, and also on the Rates and Fees arifingonaccount of Burials in any other Cemetery, Burial

£s* Ptri] 29 O Ground,

Vestrymen to

settle the Rates :«nd Fees for Burial*, See.

Fee to be paid to the Minister for burials.

For letting Pews, &c«

Power to borrow

2630

Form of Alignment.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

Ground, cr Vault, within the said Parish, and on the Sums of Money received for the Rems of Pews in the said Chapel; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign all or any Part of the said Rates and Fees to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with lawful Interest for the fame; and the Charges and Expences of such Assignment (to be made as herein-after mentioned,) Hi all be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Vestrymen out of the Money so borrowed; and every such Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘W/’E of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-

' Bone, in the County of Middlesex, a<sting in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Adf\y in Consideration of the

‘ Sum of advanced and lene by A. R,

of in the County of upon the Credit

and for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant and assign unto the said A.B. [cr, to his Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may be~\ his [cr,

her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the

Rates and Fees received on account of Burials in the several Cemeteries, 4 Burial Grounds, and Vaults, within the said Parish oi Saint Mary le~Bonet and on account of the Rents of Pews in the Chapel to be erected by viu

cue of the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to

the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and

owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the said Races and Fees and

‘ Rents to be had and holden from this Day

4 of until the said Sum of

with Interest after the Rate of per Centum per

4 Annum for the fame, shall be fully paid and satisfied. In Witness whereof we the said Vestrymen have hereunto set our Hands and Seals the Day of in the Year of Our

4 Lord

And all such Assignmenrs shall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical ProgrefTion ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall always be one; and every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and ro all Profit and Advantage thereof, according to the true Intent and Mean-of this Act.

Power of^

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Alignments for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money so be bor-and Annui- rowed upon legal Interest as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, scribed*Form. Administrators, or Assigns [as the Case may be~\ at any Time by Wilting under their Hands and Seals to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and every such Transfer may be in the Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

Form of t A.B. being entitled to the Sum of

Tr,ns,cr- 1 lieu red to C.D. and his

Assigns, [*r, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as the C ft 11 . 4 n aj

2631

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

may be] by virtue of an Assignment, bearing Date the

‘ Day of under the Hands and Seals

of of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint

4 Mary-le-bone, acting in the Execution ot an Act, passed in the Forty-

sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of this Act] upon the Credit of the Rates and Fees received on Account of Burials in the several Cemeteries, Burying Grounds, and Vaults in the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, and of Rents of Pews in

the Chapel to be erected by virtue of the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the same Sum, and all Interest and other Money now due and arising thereon, unto E. F, his Executors, Ad-

nnnistrators, and Assigns. Dated the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And a Copy of every Security or Asignment, together with the Number or Numbers thereof, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and an Extra# or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kepe for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Vestrymen, which Extract or Memorial shall specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, and to which Book or Books any Person or Persons interested shall at all reasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to insped the fame without Fee or Reward i and for the Entries of every such Transfer the said Clerk shall be paid, by the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and every such Transfer, after such Entry thereof as aforesaid made, shall entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his and her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

XXXVIII. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of provision for the Persons who shall have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of ^ediTorT the Rates and Fees ariiingon account of Burials in the several Cemeteries, by Ballot . Burial Grounds, and Vaults within the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, and ol Rents of Pews in the said Chapel; be it further enacted, That the said Vestrymen (if there shall be more Creditors than one) shall cause the Numbers of all Assignments or Securities granted and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Rates and Fees, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Alignments or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Cltrk to ihc said Vestrymen, in the Presence of the said Vestrymen; and after every such Ballet the said Vestrymen shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot; and where there shall be only one Creditor, to give Six Calendar Months Notice to such Creditor of the Intention of the said Vestrymen to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, with the Interest due thereon, and that the fame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day nor being looner than Six Calendar Months after the Day of

giving

3632 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid j and the Interest of the Principal Money to be so paid off shall, from and after the Day to be so specified, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid j but the Principal Money, in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day to be lo specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfu* to and for the Paid Vestrymen to apply and dispose of any Sum or Sums of Money now received by them, or in the Hands of their Treasurer, arising from the Rates and Fees for Burials within the several Cemeteries, Burial Grounds, and Vaults, situate within the Paid Parish, in or towards the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, and for carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution.

For paying

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the Sunilu*6" anc* ^or Veftl7men> an(l they are hereby authorized and empower-

amounts to ed, from Time to Time, when and as often as the Surplus of the Rents

xoo 1. See. of the Pews and Seats in the Paid intended Chapel, and the other Monies

received on Account of the Rates and Fees for Burials in the said intended Cemetery or Burial Ground, and the other Cemeteries or Burial Grounds of the said Parish, and for Vaults, Tomb Stones, Head Stones, and Foot Stones, shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds or upwards, to pay off and discharge the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Rents, Rates, and Fees, in such Manner as herein is directed.

AfpliCM°n

XLI. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Money to arise by 0 c oney' virtue of this Act, or out of the Monies already received by the said Vestrymen for Burials, within the several Cemeteries or Burial Grounds and Vaults within the said Parish, the said Vestrymen shall in the first Place pay and defray all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act; and after Payment thereof, all the Money arising from such Rates and Fees, and such Rents of Pews as aforesaid, and all the Money which may be borrowed by the said Vestrymen by virtue of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of lor and towards carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution.

Disposing of

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter Monly'after Money which shall have been borrowed by virtue of this Act shall

Payment of be paid off and discharged, and the Monies arising from the Rents of the

Debt, &c. pews in the said Chape), and the Rents and Fees received on account of

Burials within the several Cemeteries, Burial Grounds, and Vaults within the said Patish, shall be more than sufficient for the paying and discharging the several annual Sums and Salaries to be paid by this Act, and all the Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the Execution thereof, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen to apply, or cause to be applied, such Overplus Monies to such parochial Purposes as the said Vestrymen shall think right and proper, and as shall in their Judgement be for the Use and Benefit of the Parishioners of the said

Parish,

in Hand, may be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

2633

it

i

i

05

A

H

Pm

:iq

ilb

wtr.

Mis

y

3s. itu dfoi loo in 11

by ' V sd a

4

ill

A

id

i

v

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

Parish; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anyvvifc notwich-standing.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That ail Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby ot ho wife particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of tire Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant, upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath); and if within Five Days next after such Distress shall be made the said Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of making, removing, and keeping such Distress, the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be appraised and fold, or such Parc thereof as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the said Penalties and Forfeitures, together with all reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of making such Distress, and removing, keeping, and felling the fame, and the Overplus (it any) of the Monies aiifing by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold } and such Penahits and Forfeitures, when recovered (if not herein directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Vestrymen, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress Hull not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, ft shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his bland and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Ciry, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, rhere to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor Ids than Seven Days unless such Penalries and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and fadsffed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Seliions, or any Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following j (that is to say),

‘ r? E it r membered, That on this Day of

in the Year of our Lord t A. B.iscon-

victed before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

‘ of having [as tbs Offence shall tc~\ and I [or, we] the said do adjudge him [her, or, them] to forfeit and

pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my

4 Hand and Seal [cr, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid/

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or, themselves aggrieved by any Judgement or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing made, given, or done in pursuance cf this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Juf-ticcs of the Peace at the fit ft General or Quarter Seffioas of the Peace to [Lee. £s* Per.] 29 P be

Recovery of Penalt es.

Forrn of

Appeal.

2634

46° GEORGII III. Cap. T24.

be holden for the County or Place within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise next after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first giv<;n Twenty-one Days Notice at lead of his. her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Veltrymcn, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before fomejuflicecf the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order or Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Jul-tices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matrer of such Appeal in a summary w</y, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs to either, of cue Parties, or otherwise, as,they the said Justices shall judge proper, and the said Justices may also order such further Satisfaction to be made ro the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Orders or Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

unfawfunor

XLVI. And be it further en:ded, That where any Distress shall be want of of made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Dif-Form, jrefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed aTrefpaff r or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser avinitioon account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recovtr full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an ACT on upon the Cafe.

Proceedings

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judge-quashed for ment, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning the Conviction want of Form, of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be qua Shed or vacated b)-'*miorari. for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, of by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wtjhninster, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the "contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person for any Thing after Tender ^one *n Pur^uance this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been bf Amends, given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action j nor shall the Plaintiff recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought*, and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given

Plaintiff not

to recover without Notice, or

46° GEORGII ILL Cap. 124. 2635

given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitations shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in oi Actio"s* pursuance of this Act, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and cried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as a fore laid, ' or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given again# the Plaintiff 01 Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the lame as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

L. Provided alway, That nothing herein conrained shall operate to S’.Tjngtiie lesion or alter the Right or Title of the said William Henry Cavendish 00/tne Duke of Portland, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled Portland, to the said Rettory and Advowson, to the Ecclesiastical Dues, Oblations, and Obventions belonging thereto, or to remove and displace at his or their Will or Pleasure the prd'ent or any future Minister of the said Par ilh, or the Minister and the Sexton or Clerk, or any of them for the Time being, of the Chapel to be erected by virtue of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Ac# fh.dl he deemed and taken lo be a Publick Ack, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent M^jcity. 1806.

> '*' / A

I i i. r jhi_ * i

.!in(iu.- P.V ’W.rtS'. V

<s<. i«S V ’ 'J

- r

o'

CiT *?’*

' ' --»; lO i

' '

" - - . I . n nvi i iuf

' ' ,r~

VWu- .

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

,: .: ns rr mi

bfl . MVI.A

\t n . i i 'j i>.i

rh..i s€

Cap. 12.5. . !ii«!o j

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Forty-second and Forty-, fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty* for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks in the Isle of Dogs in the County of Middlesex; and also of several Acts for repairing; the Cannon Street Road in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, «' < and watering a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks.

[12th July 1 806.1

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-Leed'jitl’

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iritituled, An 42 G. 3.0.101. for making and maintaining, and fcr watching, fightings arid, watering a Road from the West India Decks in the Isle of Dogs,' to coni-mw.icate with a Street called Church Lane or Church Street, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom to ' csjfimuniiate with. Queen Street in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlefe*; for opening, widening, and improving certairi Street's and Pdfoget therein mentioned j and for more effectually amending end khp-& Per.2 29 ing

2638

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

ing in Kef air a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the West Rnd of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back L.nne in the said County of Miudlcfex; certain Persons therein nominated, and their Successors to 'be eltfted aa therein mentioned, were appointed Trustees for carrying the several Powers of the said Act into Execution; And whereas by One other Act, made in the Forty.fburth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 44 O j. e. jr- intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging the T?rm and Rowers of an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of His present MajtJly, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks in the Isle of Dogs in the County of Middlesex; andafo of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road in the fa 'ul County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, fating, and watering a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks, additional i ruliees were therein appointed, and the said Trustees were enabled to make, maintain, watch, light, and water a new Branch of Road to communicate with the luff India Doclci: And wherea6 the Powers of the said recittfd Acts have been found insuffictent for- the PuYposes thereby intended, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered and enlarged; but as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty chat it may be enacted; and be irenacted by*he King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Bedaring tht fame. That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Tolls and Duties, betnforce° Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties*, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Payments, Provisions, Articles, Matters, and Things therein contained, (faveianri eKcef&fuChi Parts'thereof as are varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be in lull Force arid Efteft for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, aqcj shall be as good, valid, and effectual, as if the fame were repeated knd re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, for the Purpose of making, repairing*-altering, widening, lighting, watching, and watering the several Roads, Streets, Ways, and Passages in the said recited Acts, and in this Act mentioned and described.

Giv-nje®

II. And whereas the said Trustees may find it necessary and convenient Po^to^c. *n makinS Branch of Road from and out of the Commercial Road, at vi.nr front tse or near the North-East Corner of Limehouse Church Yard, into and to Edit imdia1* communicate with Poplar Street, and the Road leading from Poplar to Dock Road Blackwall, dkefted to be made and reps red by virtue of the said recked

Cafe Crt* " made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

to deviate from the exact Line of Road directed to be made and repaired by virtue of such Act, and instead rhereof to make a new Line of Road; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lrustees to make such Deviation, or new Line of Road, from and out of the said Commercial Road, at or near the North*East Corner of Linehouf Church Yard, through, along, and over a Piece of Ground, the P/operty of Ciceley Stokes and William Stokes, and from thence along, across, and over a Field, late the Property of Elizabeth Stainjbyt in the Occupation of William Marchant, to, along, across, and over a certain othi r Field, the Property of Richard Smith, to, along, across, and over a ceiUiu other Field, the Property of Maty Burch3 in the Occupation of

~ A A Thomas

4-6* GEORG 11 tit; Cdp.i2$.

Thomas Drang and James' Peachey, and from thence to, along, acroffc; and over a Footpath, and Two certain Pieces of Garden Ground, a Yard, and sundry small Sheds and Inclosur^s, the Property of John Perry, in the federal Occupation's of William Bough, Jonh Hughes, Thomas Morris, and Thomas WHJbn, of their Undertenants,’ to, along, across^ and over a certain Street cabled North Street, and from thence to, along^ across, and over a certain Piece of Meadow Lind, late in the Occupation of Adam Steinmitz, but now in the Occupation^of William Gdgeri, do. along, acmf«j and oveT the Common Sewer Tmo, across, along, ancTovef a certain Piece of Garden Ground and a Fietdj late the Property of Jeremiah Shirbutt Wade, and how in the Possession of Mary Wade, his Widow, into, across, along, and over Two cerrain Pieces or Parcels of Land, the Property of James Griffiths, George Griffiths, and Charles Griffiths, and in the Occupation of William Newby, into, along, across, and over a certain Line cilled Bow Lane, into, along, acfofs, and over a certain Field, the Property of the East India Dock Company, and in the Occupation of Hugh MHntcJh, into, along, across, and over a certain Field, the Property of Messieurs John Wells and William Wells, called Coachman's Field, and from thence to the Entrance or Gateway leading into and to communicate with the East India Docks, and from or from nenr to the said Entrance into, along, acrof$’, and over other Part of the said Field, the Property of the said Messieurs John Wells and William Wells, called Coachman's Field, into, along, across, and over a certain other Field, the Property of the East India Dock'Company, and in the Occupation of the said Hugh MTntoJh, into, along, across, and over a certain Lane, called RobinhoodLane, to communicate with Poplar Street^ and the Road leading from Poplar aforesaid, to Blackwall aforesaid, aljl which said new Line of Road'or Deviation is fltiiate and being in the several Parishes of Saint AntteJXcommonly called Saint Anne's Limehousej) Saint Dunstan Stebonheath other wise Stepney, Bromley Saint Leonard otherwise Saint Leonard Bromley, all in the County of Middlesex, and is situate partly upon and partly to the Southward of the Line of the fai^ Branch of Road, described and set forth in the said recited Act of the-Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and herein-after repealed; and the said Trustees shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for making the said Deviation as are given to and vested in the said Trustees for making the said Branch of Road in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, mentioned and described, and such Deviation shall be and be deemed and taken to be Part of the said new Branch of Road, and shall be made, repaired, altered, widened, lighted, watched, paved, and watered by the said Trustees, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, and so much of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs that the said Branch of Road therein mentioned and described should be made through, to, along, across, and Over a Piece of Ground, the Property of CicjJe.'cy-Stokes *m\ William Stokes, and from thence along, across, and over a Field* late the Property cf Elizabeth Stainjby, in the Occupation of William Marchant, to, along, across, and over a certain other Field, the Property of Riclrard Smith, to, along, across, and over a Piece of Land of Garden Ground, in the Occupation of William Hitch, into, along, and aorofs North Street, and from thence to, along, across, and over a Field or Meadow in the Occupation of the said William Hitch, to, along, through* Hi*4 across.

26-J9

2640

House 1 and Building* not to m iajurcd.

46° GEORGII III. Cop,lit,.

across, and over several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Garden Ground, in the several Occupations of Joseph Brandy, Oliver Evans, Jeremiah Wade, and a small Messuage or Tenement in the Occupation of Thomas Ciarke, into, through, along, across, and over a certain Lane called.Bow luine, and from thence to, along* across, and over a certain other Field, in the Occupation of William Stevens; and a certain other Field the Property bf John Wells and William Wells, commonly called Coachman's Field, and a certain other Field or Piece of Land the Property or the East India Dock Company, and to communicate with the East India Docks to be made by the said East India Dock Company, and from thence to, along, over, through, and acrois other Part of Coachman’s Field aforesaid, the Property of John Wells and William Wells, to, along, and across a certain House and Garden, wish the Appurtenances in the Occupation of Thomas Cole, situate at the North End of a certain Streec pr Lane called Robin-hood Lane, and to, along, through, across, and ov r Robinhood Lane, into and to communicate with Poplar Street, and the Road leading from Poplar aforesaid to Blackwall aforesaid, ail which said Line of Road is situate and being in the several Parishes of Saint Anne, commonly called Saint Anne's Limehsufe, Saint Dunstan Stcbor,heath otherwise Stepney, Bromley Saint Leonard otherwise Saint Leonard Bromley, all in the said County of Middlesex, (except so much and such Parts thereof as is and are expressed, comprized, and contained in the said new Line or Deviation herein-before described and set forth,) shall be and is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any House or other Building which was ereiled or built on or before the First Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and six, or any Land or Ground which on the said 1 irst Day of January was set apart and used as and for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, other than and except the several Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, Yards, Parks, Paddocks, planted Walks and Avenues herein-after mentioned, that is to say, a Piece of Ground the Property of Ciceley Stokes and William Stokes, nearly opposite the North-East Corner of Lime House Church Yard; Part of the Land or Field, late the Property of the said Elizabeth Slainjby, in the Occupation of the said William Marchant; Part of the Land or Field belonging to Richard Smith; Part of the Land, the Property of Mary Burch, in the Occupation of Thomas Drane and James Peachey; the Footpath and Parts of Two Pieces of Garden Ground, a Yard, and sundry 1 mall Sheds and Inclosures, the Property of John Perry, in the several Occupations of William Bough, and John Hughes, Thomas Morris, and Thomas Wil/on, or their Undertenants; Part of the Meadow Land, late in the Occupation of Adam Steinmifz, but now in the Occupation of William Cagen; Part of the Garden Ground and Field, late the Property of Jeremiah Shir butt Wade, in the Possession of Mary Wade, his Widow; Parts of Two Pieces of Land, the Property of James Griffiths, George Griffiths, and Charles Griffiths, in the Occupation of William Newby; Part of a Field, belonging to the East India Dock Company, in the Occupation of Hugh Mdntojb j

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

Part of the field or Land the Property o: ’John Wells and 1 Villiam Wens; other Part of the Land belonging to the said East India Dock Company in the-Occupation of the Paid Hugh M'ln/q/h; all which said Premises are fituare, lying, and being in the l'everal and respective-Parishes of Samt Anne's (commonly called Saint Anne's Limehouse), Saint Dunstan Slcbon-heath otherwise Stepney, Bromley Saint Leonard otherwise: Saint Leonard Bromley, all in the County of JVIiddle/ex9 and are situate upon or Parcel of the said new Line or Deviation by this Act directed to be made and maintained.

IV. And whereas, by reason of taking down Houses and other Buildings for the Purposes of the Branch of Road directed to be made and maintained under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and making other Alterations pursuant to the said Act, certain Deficiencies may aiile within the said Parish of Sai?it Anne, in the Produce of the Rates for paving the said Parish, be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees under this Act, and their Successors, shall from Time to Time, from and after the passing of this Act, be subject and liable to pay to the Commissioners for paving the Streets in the said Parish, acting under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, with and out of the Monies to arise and be received by the said Trustees and their Successors, from the Rates authorized to be made and collected by the said Trustees and their Successors under and by virtue of the said herein.before recited Act of the Forty* second Year of Mis present Majesty, for watching, cleansing, lighting, and watering the said Commercial Road and Branch of Road, all such Sum and Sums of Money as the said before-mention- d Assessments for paving amounted unto in the Y’ear ending it La-'y Pay last, of, for, and UDon all and Angular such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as shall be purchased, taken down, and made use of lor the Purposes of the said Branch of Road; and the said Tru-ees under this Act, and their Successors, shall pay such Sum and Sums of Money to the said Comunffioners, or to the Collectors of the Lid Rates for paving the said S reets accordingly, until the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which for the Time being shall be liable to be aflelLd to the said Rates, shall produce a Sum of Money equal to that which was produced by the said Rates from Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and five to Lady Cay last, or until the heveral Persons on who e Lives Annuities have been granted for railing Money for nuking and repairing the Pavement of the said Streets shall all die.

V. And be it further enacted, That One-fourth of the Costs, Charges, and Expences incid-nt to and attending the obtaining and pjffing of this Act, shall be pai 1 and fa isfied by the said Trustees out of the Monies collected or received by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or to be received by virtue of this fAd on the said Commercial Road; and the remaining Three-fourths of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees out of the Tolls, or out of the Monies bor~ row-ed on the Credit of the Tolls to be coll-ded on the said Deviation or new Line of Road herein-before directed to be made and maintained, in preference to any other Payment whatsoever,

[Loc, Per,] 29 R

264.*

Coinpen fut ion ro the Commissioner* for p*vi"s

Parishif Saint Anno.

Colts of thi* A- h w to be paid.

2642

Publick Act

Commence-and Continuant cf this Act.

46° GEORGII III. Cep. 125.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and be deemed to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading

the fame.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and

take place from and after the passing thereof, and shall with the said e recited Acth, made in the Forty-second and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*HM>*M

Cap. 126.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in the Third and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Newmarket over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and other Roads mentioned in the said Acts.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Third Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the 3 Geo. 3. " Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turn- c-" pike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and " Suffolk:' And whereas an'ther Act was made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the '5 Geo. 3. " Term and Powers, granted in an Act, made in the Third Year of His c- 6Spresent Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over " Newmarket Heath to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the " Counties of Cambridge uni Suffolk-, for repairing the Road, branching " out of and leading from the aforesaid Road, near the Devil’s Ditch, on " Newmarket Heath, to join the present Turnpike Roads, which lead to Cambridge; and for repairing the Highway, through the Town of Newmarket, to the present Turnpike Road, from thence to ‘Thetford:’’ And whereas great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Roads, and several Sums of Money are now due and owing, on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads k pt in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof, altered and enlarged: May it therefote plralc jour Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the [Lot. U Per.J 29 S King’j

2646

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

King’s M' ft Ex client Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-A£h further liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited continued. Acts, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Thifigi {herein contained, 'except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp JJuties, and as are hereby repealed") shall be and continue m full Forcej and XHafPbe executed for and during the Term hereinifr-r-mentioned, for the Purpose of re-pairin o improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads therein mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpose*, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and the additional Term hrrebv r. ranted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on thr said Roads, and of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed, for the Purposes of the said Acts, or of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow.idue for the fame respectively.

Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Charles Truileci. Somerset Manners, commonly called Lord Charles Somerset Manners, Sir Charles Cotton Baronet, Sir Charles Watson Baronet, Sir Gilbert AJJleck Baronet, Frederick Keppel, John Micklethwait, Robert Jones Adeaney John Harwoody John Tharp Jbhn Hally Richard Eaton Junior, and James Rickard Barker Esquirr--, James Hicksy Butts, George

Bar low y WoollaJlony and William Thorpe Clerks, Robert Hayward,

James Mer'efi, Salisbury Dunn, Thomas Bowyerr- Charles Wedge, Jabez Davison, William Bryant, Charles Hammond Juniory dhU-Houghton Spentery Gentlemen, (being qualified, according to the Directianspf the said recited Acts) shall be, and are hereby appointed Xpftees,.and-a&ded to and joined with the Trustees, appointed or elected 6y of in pursuance of the said Recited Acts, for putting in Execution tbd lhid Acts &ftd'cWe Act, and.aJl the Powers thereby and hereby given and granted.

General Ex-

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

captions. of this Act, the Exemptions, granted by the said recited Acts, shall be repealed, and that no Toll shall be 'demanded, or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes, in which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, situated within the same Parish from which such Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, shall be removed j or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty co carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, for the Purpose only of using or repairing the fame, or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place within the same Panlh, any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Sullage, Compost, or other Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stone, Bricks, or ocher Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of

any

4-6* GEORGII 1*1. Cap. 126. 264.7,

any Firm or Land, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses. employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to cirry or rpnyry only, or returning rmpt,v from carrying or conveying, Having been emoloved only-in carrying,or conveying any Bricks, Lime, Stone,

Plaftrr, Timber,or other Ma'rriji}-, to be u(ed for'huiljing or tepaMng any Church, Chapel, House, Ont-house, Barn, Stable, or Hovel, within the same Parish, where furia, Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plafier 1 rrrher, or other Material! shall by made, got, or cut down, or so'ranv Horsei/ot:

Cattle going to, or returning from Patlure, or Watering Places, or 'for any Horses going to ire, or returning from being (hoed, of final any Person going to, or returning from his. or her proper parochial CHprch,

Chapel, or oilier Place of religious \Vorship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day t on which divine. Service js ordered ,by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person'tljat shall die and be buried in any of the Paid Parishes, or from any fcltrljjf-man going to, or returning from visiting any sick Perf.m, or uponjomff his parochial or roinifterial Dury on a Sunday, or on any otWr* Day on which divine Service is ordered by Augh'pricy to be celebrated, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Descriptlbd, eni-ployed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prefics, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaftyr General, cither when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails, 6r'Ex-prclTct, or in returning back from conveying the Tame; or for any Horses,

Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their. Majesi, or on

Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Big-

" " ~ 1

them in

uiys of

Exercise, provided that such P-rlqni be dressed inf the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutterjpepts, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Horses, Carts, Wdggons or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants, fenc by legal Pages, or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse, or other Bead, conveying any Person or Persons to, or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before, or Day after such Election shall begin, or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof (hill go to the Informer, and the other Muicty shall be applied Co the PurpostsofthiS

gage, nor for any Hones tutniinea Dy, or for any rerions Deic any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode, By going to, or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the

i V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts as Statute relate to the Periormaucc of Statute Labour on the said Riads, shall be. Work, and the iame is hereby repealed, and that all Persons, who by Law are, or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are, or shall be chargeable towards repairing anj amending the Roads, hereby directed to be-made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any

Two

2648

46° GEORGII III. Cap. \ 26.

Two or more Justices of the Peace for the fair] Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or either of them, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of, or as a Composition for lbch Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams, or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Reftrtdlions, as are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect, for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work, in every Year, upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and diredi the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of, or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof, as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall diredi, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties, by the said recited Acts, are authorized or directed to be recovered j and each and every Person, who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default,or the Defaulcofany LabourerorLabourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be Ibbjectand liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect, for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person, who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught, to work or the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall

6° GEORGII III. Cap. 126. 264$

shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Gafe, every fdch Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for any of the said Parishes or Places,

shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in falle or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money, shall be paid Application or agreed, or awarded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements* or Compen-or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or u‘ed, by virtue of the rat,on»jf Powers of the said recited Acts, and this Act, for the Purports thereof, which shall belong ro any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, H fb nd, Guardian,

Committee, or other Trustre, for or on Behalf of any Infinr, Lunatic,

Idiot, Feme Coverr, or other Cestuique Trust, or ro any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and wich the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said rented Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and wich the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Pure ha fe or Redemption of the Land fax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incum-brat.cn , or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affcmu ’ ' . me Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting

other 1 ar. s, t enements, or Hereditaments, (landing fetcied therewith to the ft me *-r ci.e like Uses, Incents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall ot c fa applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food lectled 01 limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Elicdl; and in the mean Time, and un:tl such Purchase mail be made, the said Money (h ill, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountanc General, in his Name, in the Purchase ot Three Pounds per Centum Conloiiaaced, or Three Pounds ptr Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until me i*id Bank Annuities shall oe ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Comohua ed vr Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Tunc to Time be

\_Loc. & Per.] 29 T paid,

a6jO 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed fatio^Tfle'fs or aware^ec^ to be Pa*d for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, than 200l. purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to and exceed- any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or ang 20/. Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed of Com pm- or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than fation, if less Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied than 20/. to the Use of the Person or Persons, who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of rot

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to making out whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded, for the Purchase of Titles, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satis-or if Persons faction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom cannot be such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be

chafe MonV f°unc*> or c^e Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements,

to be paUl or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then, and in every such

into the Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees# or any

Bank; Five

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 126. 3651

Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name subject to the and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chan- Order of the eery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Par- ^furt ties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (de- on Motion feribing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the or Petition, said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or other wile, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates,

Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cartiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall Where any

arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Questionshall Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant- Title

General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Art, for the to Money to Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, be paid, the Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Art, or to any Possessioo at Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Divi- the Time of dends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons such Purchase who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming thereto nuder such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or according to Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such

such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Poflfef- flon* fion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, en- chancery*0 titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased may order under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Art, the Purchase reasonable Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of pXpCu Cr5 °* Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tene- be paid by*0 ments, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the Trade* the said recited Acts and this Art, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

2&52 46° GEORGII III. Capi 126.

the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Montes to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts.*nd this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the Trustees for executing'the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Five, or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the First Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts, and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence- And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, (subject to

m^nt and the Alterations and Amendments herein contained,) shall continue and be in Continuance . Force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and of the Act. unexpired of the Terms granted by the said recited Acts, and from the

Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

For paying Expences of the Act.

LQJNDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGES1M0 SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS,

I.*

Cap. I 27.

An Act for more effectually improving the Roads leading to and from the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland.

1 [1 2th "July j8o6.j

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

ot King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more fjCJ %. c. 14. efftdual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of White-h ivcn.: And whereas by One other Act, made in the Second Year of the Rjgi* of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and G. g. c, of Powers of fiver al Acts of Parliament relating to the Harbour of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and for further ealarging the said Harbour, and for lighting the said Town, and supplying the fame with Water, end for re gulaling the Carmen there, and)or repealing so much of ap Ad of the Tweniyr third! ear of the Reign of His late Majesty as relates to tlx Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said Read shall be repaved, and for repairing freerfi otter Reads therein mentioned in the J‘aid County; And whereas by One ocher Ad, made in the 7 wcniy-righth Year of the Reign of His present M-jrfty, inti'uied, An Act for continuing an Act made in the »8G. %. Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, /in silt for enlarge 1 ing the Ter m and Powers of fever alAfts of Pa* hament relating to the Harbour of tLoc. if Per.] 29 U Whitchayen

265+

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roadr leading to the 6 said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and for fur the/ enlarging the J'aid ‘ Harbur, and for lighting the said Town, and/applying the fame vmh Water,

‘ and fir regulating the Carmen there, and for repeai'ng so much of an Act of 1 the Tuen y tftird Year of the Reign of fiis late Majesty as relates to the 6 Read from U icier Bridge to E*rc mom, and directin% how the said Road ‘ shall bp repaired, and for repairing several other Roadi therein mentioned in

the jjif County J certain Tolls were nude payable, and certain Power* and Authe ruies given to the Truffe-s therein named, and their Succrflors, for ih Purpos of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the several Roads rherein mentioned: And whereas the said Triftees have proceeded to ca^ry into Execution the said several Acts so far as the same related to the frye ai Ro ds therein men ioned, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on he Credit of tl e Toll- thereby granted, which Money has be*-n emp'oytd in carrying the Powers of the said recited Acts into Execution f far as the fame r I te to the said Roads, and such Money is still due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls: And whereas the said Roads are still very nun h out of Repair, and it is expedient that the said recited Acts, f > far as the fame relate to the said Roads, should be repealed, an<^ the Power- thereof altered and enlaigrd: And whereas it would be attended with g eat Convenience to the circumjacent Country if Powers wne given lor the making and maintaining a Road from Wilson Pit in the Parish of Saint Bees, by Greenbank and Mirehouse, and Bankhouftf-Lane, so the Turnpike Road leading from Egremont to Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland; but as such several Purposes cannot be effeded without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May ir therefore please Your Majesty that it may be $naded;.and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majestjr, J>y and with the Advice and Consent of the Lordfr Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affirm-

Partcf the bled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts repealed. Acts as relates to or in anywise concerns the several Roads therein mentioned and dtlpribtd shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Trurtnes.

IL. And be it further enacted, That-the Right Honourable John Lord/

Muncrfler, Sir Joseph Senhouse Knight, John Christian Curwen, fames Graham, George Edward Stanley, Rowland ztevenfon, Thomas Benson, John Gale, Humphrey Senhouse the younger, Thomas Hartley, Thomas Wilson Morley Clerk, Wiliam Walker, Thomas Wybergh,.James Steely Henry Niche I,-on Clerk, Miles Povfonby, Wiffrid Hudlefton Clerk, Charles Cob be Church Clerk, John Lit if Jifeph Moore*, Joseph Greenhow, Samuel Potter, Henry Croft bu ait e, Walter Chambre, joseph Rob info William Harris,

Thomas I win, Anthony Pedt, Ofwell Sump ton, Richard Bowes, William LewtbWaitc, J hn Barnes C^ Ink, John Lane after, John Kay, William Ihompfon, John White Clerk, Christopher Benn, Edmund Lamplugh In on, Andrew Hudlefton Clerk, Jdnies Lewi per, Humphry Senhouse, Humphrey Senhouse the younger, the Honourable Robert Caroline Herbert Clerk, Edward Knubley, Thomas Denton,- Edmund Wilson, William Wilson, John Greenbow, William Lowther Doctor in Divinity, John Harrison, Timothy Martin C\trk, John Wilson, John Wilson, Robert Hodgson, John Wilkinson, William Bacon, Ritbard Jack]on, Henry Pearfin, Adam Kendal, John Teoward, Robert Miller, Isaac Ruffed, Richard Burn Clerk, Clement Mojfop, Backhouse Addison, Henry Bowman, George Relph, William Hoggart, Matthew 11 Smith,

If

id

tr,

1

lit

Ofid

*cn

«rs,

H

dio

K:«

fiid

bid

to,

d be m

«ia

kft

tie

rb

li-

ed

;lh

ed

4

i o

k

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127. 2655

Smith, John Head, Henry Birley> Milham Hartley, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, ftnl! be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for making, amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Roads from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and from thence over Bigrigg Moor to Scalcgil, and so to Whitehaven, the Read leading out of the said Road fom Egremont to Whitehaven at Sera?ill, and from thence over the River Keeck'lc to a Place called IViddickar Rig, and from the Town of Saint B es to Whitehaven, and from a Place called Bridge Foot over Clifton and Winfcales Moors to Distington, and so to Whitehaven, and from the Whinbcufe at the Ead End of Harrington over Workington Moor to Distington aforesaid, and the Roads which lead ouc of the fdd Road from Distington to Whitehaven near the present Turnpike Gate, to the Seuth End of the Town of Barton, and from the North End of the said Town of Par ton till it joins the present Turnpike Road at the Smith’s Shop near M.rejby Hall, and the Road which leads ouc of the said Road from Bridge Foot by Distington to Whitehaven, from and over Winfcales Moor to a certain Place called Hunday Gate lea ling into the Town of Workington, and the said Road hading from WilfonPit in the Road fiorn Saint Bees to Whitehaven, by Greenbank and Mirehouse and Bankhouse Lane, to the said Road leading from Egremont to Whitehaven, and for carrying the several Powers and Authoiitics of this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons for the Time Tiuitee*for being acting as Trustees for the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven,

by virtue of several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the haven to-be Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, the Thirteenth of George the Second, the First, Second, Twenty-eighth, and Thircy-second Years of the Reign of King George the Thiid, shall be and are hereby, declared to be Trustees ibr carrying this Act into Execution, and are hereby added to and joine.4 with the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors to be elected of appointed by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Ad of the said Trustees shall No Act valid be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done Meeting.* at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as n ay

be herein excepted), and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act M iorityem-granted to the said Trustees shall and may be exercised from Time to £°twcre7,(> Time by the major Part of them who shall be present at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Actj the Number of Trustees present at efery such Meeting not being Ids than Five; and all the Oidtrs and Pft ceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effed as if the fame were giadr or d^'its-by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be heiteih excepted); and that at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chair- Chairman to mkn shall and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen rylht* thfcr there shall be an Equality faf Votes at any fttefi Meeting upon any 3 ° Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and in any such Case it shall and mny'be lawful to and for such Chairman to give the oecifive or cafttngVotr.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Dip ag.

ability of any of the said Trustees (save and except the Trustees of the said

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

Lid Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven hereby appointed, or of their Successors to be t-ledtd in Manner herein-aher mentioned to ad in Execution of this Act, then and in every f'ich Cafe it shall and may be lawfdl 10 and for the fuiviving or remaining Trullees from Tune to Time to elect a d appoint One orher Person to be a Trustee in the Room of eftch TrustsC so dying, rtfufing, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall be fipned by the Cle k to the said Trusttes for the Time being, and shall be affixed on all an- every the Turnpikes that (Hall be (landing on the said Road> Ten Days at leall before such Meeting , and every Person so deded a new Trustee as aforesaid shall be and he is hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of this \d, to all Intents and Purpose.-, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustees in whose Room or Stead he shall have be. n so elected.

Iwaii/ication VI. Prodded always, and be it funher enacted, That no Person shall f Trustees. bc cap ,ble of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the actual Puffession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the dear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or be polfdled of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person possefleJ of an Estate in Land of ti e clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds j and if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Thir y Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall foe lor the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of D.bt, or on the Cafe, or by B 1L, Suit, or Information, wherein-no Essoign, Protcdion,* or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or pr»ftcuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Pen Icy without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or P ofecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person o Pe fons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding fu h Conviction, be as valid and tr effcctual as if such Peif n or Perfops had been qualified according to.the

Ducd.ons of this A f. '

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons wh» shall Keep a Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House, of publiclt Ent rainmmt, or who shall fell a y Wine, Cjder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taki' g, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust ter Profit under the said Trustees, or or collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or Other House of publ.ck Entertainment; or shall fell any Wine; Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquo s by Retail but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under such Incapacity.

jTftTces,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are exc»pt wiiere or fojji be luitices of the Peace shall and may in their resptdive JuriL ££Z diction,.

Victuallers, Sec. incapable of acting, &c.

2656

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127. 2657

dictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally ir.tereited.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the First Mftring Court Hou’e in the Town of Whitehaven^ on the lait Day in the Month Trust of July next after the passing of rhis Act, between the Hours cf Ten in the Forenoon, ?nd Two in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and in case none of the said Trustees shall attend such Meeting, then such Meeting shall be and be deemed t<» be adjourned to the next Day, (Sunday y Good hrid&J% Christmas Day, and Fa ft Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then to the next Day.) and so totirs quoties until a sufficient Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting 10 aft in the Execution of this Act, or un.il a T uftee or Trustr.es shall attend so as to adjourn such Meeting; and the said 1 rust-es shall and m*y at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Pur* pole of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themlcKes, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there, or at any other Place near to the said Roads, as to the said Trustees shall Icein convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall 1) happen /he there shall not appear at a v fuih Vleeiing a sufficient Number <;f Trustees to act in the Evecu'i* n of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Cledc to the said Trustees, shall from Time io Time, 4s often as the Case (hdl happen, adjourn such Meeting ro some other Day within Ten Days then following, to be holden ar the same Place, and the said Clerk shall cause Nocce thereof to be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at lealt Five Days before the D. y to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned, anci the said Tiuftres shall at their fcvrral Meetings defray their owrt Expences j and no Person shall be capable of asting as a Trustee in the Execution < f this Act during the Tune he shall hold any Plate of Profit under this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Mwt;ng8on Meeting as aforrfjid it Ih .11 at any Tim- o* Times be thought nccnTjry Eirtrg ..cies, that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden <-n an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Cale the C erk to the said Trustees (a1- Order in Writingsigned by Five or more of the said Trustees mentioning the Time ano Place an- Piupoie of such earlier Meeting being given 10 hun or left at his last or ufu.ti place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of lu:h earlier Meeting in Manner before uircfted, and of the Tune and Phce which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustrcs, (such Time r.ot being lei’s than Five Days afjer such No*ice, J and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in purluince of any Adjournment.

XI. Ard 1 e it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment or Pro- NjOrtlff t» ceeding made at any Meeting of the Trullees holden in pursuance of tl i.

Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless a Mretmi Tor Meeting to be hoklcn for that express Purposr, nor unless Notice, specify- *hc ing the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the Mijouty V Clcik to the said Trustees, be affixed on every the Turnpikes that (hdl J^near* br'(landing on the said Roads, at lealt Ten D-»ys before Inch fuMrcjuenr c nc r‘

265s

Proceeding to be en.ereu.

Entries of Proceedings

tntm Salaries.

Trustee*to ta e Security from the Tre.tfurer. Oi'Rctfto account.

46° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 127*

Meeting, nor unit fa a Majority of :!:c TrufErs present at such subsequeni Meeting shall decide in favour of loch Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Number of Trustees shall be present ct Inch lubhquent Meeting than were present at die Meeting when such Order, Appoint men r, or Proceeding was had or made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said TrustefK shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Book?, and iair and regular Entiics to be made therein of all thiir Act?, Orders, and Proceedings lelative to the Execution cf this Act, and of the Names cf ali such Trustees as shall be present at their kvcral Meetings, and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk' then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Orginais, and shall he allowed to be r ad as Evidtnce i.i all Cales, Suits, and Actions Touching or concerning ar.y Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Bnoks Hull at all the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Infp. ftion of ali and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Cop1 not exceeding One hundred Words the Sum of E’ght-penee, and so in Proportion (or any greater or less Number of Words.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Book or Books in which any Entiy or Entries of any Pioceeding or Proceedings relating or in anywise appertaining to the several Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Act, or any of them, or of any of the Trustees. or other Perlnn or Pciibns acting by anti under the Authority of the said rait d Act% or any of them, so far as the fame concern or relate 10 the said Roads, (Inch Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Bocks according to the Directions of and made Evidence by the said recited Acts or any of them,) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Piocecdings in any Court vrh.it-loever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Wiicing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer r Treassurers, Clerk or Clerk?, and a Collector or Collectors of the Toll', ai d a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Officers a?.d Persons rclptctrvely as they the said Trustees shall fee Occasion, and out of the Monies to be receiver! by virtue of this Act to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Trustees shall think, reusonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from e*ery such Treasurer and other Officer for the due Execution of his Office as t; ey shall think proper; and all such Officersfo to be appointed shall, under their Hands at such Time or Time?, and in such Manner as the said I rustees shall diteft, deliver to the Trustee-, or to such Berlon or Persons as they shall appoint, <ruc and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and a so of all the Monies which shall have been b\ f ch officets retpeftivtly received by virtue and for the Eurposes of (his Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and dilbursed.

4&0 GEORGII III. Cap. i 27.

and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payment?, and shall pay all such Monies as fh til remain due from them icfpctbvcly to the said Trustees, or to such Person or P rloos as they dull appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall on the Dfl Day in the Month of Slugujt yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following, (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees,) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, i t order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if a proved of; and all the said Officers I'o accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to ndnvrwfte.) veiify their Did Accounts; ai d if any such Officer shall rcfule or neglect to make am! render, or to \ebfy upon Oa.'h any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the lame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Indices, or to such Prison or Persons as they lha 1 appoint to receive the lame, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trtiftecs, by Notice in W.iiioj* given to or left at the Just or ufoal PJa e of Abode tot" such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Wirings in h;s Custody or Power, relating to the l*xe;u:in of this Act. or give Bat sia&ion to the Did Trustees respedirg the fame, then and in every such Cale upon Comphinc made by the Did Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Keful.il or wiltul Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, cr Place wherein such Officer lb refufir g or wilfully nrglrGwg shall be or reside, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to iftbc a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for thr Officer so refilling or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appealing or having been summoned, and not appearing o m t being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if, upon the Corf Him of the Party, or by the Teilimbr.y of any credible Witness or Witnessis upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to adnunifter,) it fhuli appear to such Just ce that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this At\ shall remain cue from such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cu*fe such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer, and if no Goods or Cha’.tela of such Officer can be found (efficient to answer and fatbfy the said Money, and the Charges of difir lining and Filing the hid Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appvir to fjih Jumce that such Officer shall have retufed or willfully neglected to render arid give such Account, or to verify the lame as aforesaid, or to produce t’.e Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refuied or wilfully neglected to deliver or give S itrsfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, tnen anj in each and every Inch Ca'e such Justice shall commit inch Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Town, or Piace where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Man prize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as loresaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Compofuion in such Manner as they ib-ftl appoint, (which Compbfition the Did Trustees are hereby empottfcwi to mike and receive,) and un i he shall deliver up such Books, Papeis» aa.i Whingv, or give Sotisfac-

2660

Officers acting under the Acts repealed, to account to the Tiuilec* under this Act.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

tton In respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no such Officer or other Person P> committed for Want of sufficient Distress shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Spate of Time than Three Calendar Months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That al! and every Treasurer and Treasurer . Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Person* appointed by virtue of or afling, or who have afled in Execution of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to or in anywise concern any of the Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this A:t, who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power, any Monies collected by virtue of or any Books, Tapers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to or in anywise concern any of the Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Act, shall, when thereunto required, by Notice in Writing, fig red by any Eleven or more of the said Trailers given to him, her, or them, or left at his htr, or their last or uiual Place or Places of Abode within Five Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons appoint.d by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said recued Acts, or of any of them, lo far as the fame relate to or in anywi e concern any of the Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act, and all the Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution thereof j and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verily all their said Accounts; ard if any such Trustee, Clerk, or other Person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render or to verity upon Oath any such Account, or to p oduce and deliver up the Voui hers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid, all Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, or of any of them, so far as the lame relate to or in anywise concern any of the Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trullees in respect of the lame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trullees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warranr under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Cltrk, or other Person so refuling or neglecting to a; pear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Conftfiionof the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to admn.iller,) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or of any of them, so far as the fame telate to or in anywise concern any of the Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Acr, shall be due

from

266i

46° GEORGII III. Cap. rs7.

ffCm such Treasurer, Clark, or other Person, loch Justice may anti he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raised by Diurcfi and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Cieik, or other Person as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer,

Clerk, or other Person can be found, fufiicitm to answer and I nisfy the said Money, and the Charges of din raiding and fejiircr such Goods and Chattels., or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk* or other Person shall have refused or neglected to reader and give such Account, or to verify the same as afore laid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, or of any of them, so far as the lame relate to or in anywise concern any of the Roads to be amendrd, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act, shall be in the CuAody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Beri’on, and he or they shall have, refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such'

Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County,

Town, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said TruAees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Cpm-pofuion in such Manner as they Hull appoint, (which Composition the fvd Tru.ftets are hereby empowered to make arid receive,), and until he.

Hull deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Wrirings, or give Satisfaction in respeef thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no such Officer or other Person so committed for Want of sufficient D;Arcls Avail be confined or clerained in iMfon by virtue of this Act for any longcf Space of Time than Three Calendar Months.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it (half and may be lawful to and On the Drarli for any Eleven or more of the said TruAces, upon the Death, Neglect,' o( aGa|e-Refusal, or Incapacity to act, uf any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, by Writing under their Hands, to nomnare and appoint some other fit nominate Person in his or her Place, until the next Meeting of the TruAees of the unul

said Roads, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the Meeting, like-Power and Authority, and be accountable iii the same Manner in all Reflects as the Person in whole Room or Stead, he or she shall be so appointed; and if any Collector of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged ir dkfcnr M from his pr her Office by the said Trusttes, shall tefofe to deliver up the G.it.k PiJflcfllon of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he or she enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment to that Office within Toil HoSes, Three Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House ,y in Writing under the Hands of the said TruAces, or any Eleven or more caicclimTri of them, or if the Wife or Family cf any such Collector who shall die he put out. as aforesaid, or any other Person who Aiall be in PcfTefljon of the^Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Building, and Appurtenances within Three Days after Notice of luen new Appointment being made as aforesaid, shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, figped by any Eleven or more c f the said TruAees, then and in either of the said Cabs it shall and may be w ft! to and for any JuAice of the peace for the County, Town, or :i ct where such Toll Home thalj (land‘or.be, by War-ant under his Hand and Seal, to o-der any ConAable or other Peace Officer, with such A.'fiAa 4 [Lor. & Prr.] 29 anc«

2 6&2

pikes and Toll Houses

Tolls.

Tolls;

Tolls relied in the Truf-:c*s.

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 127*

ance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the new-appointed Collector in Possession thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they aic hereby empowered to continue the several Turnpikes already erected on the said Roads, and (in case they shall think proper) to cause to be erected such and so many other Turnpikes to secure the Tolls hereby granted upon or across the said Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and to continue the prefect Toll Houses, and to erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Houses as they shall think proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in Manner herein directed for the purchasing or taking Land for the turning or widening of the said Roads, to purchase and take Land sufficienc for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time to remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes, the Tolls following, before any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through the lame } (that is to say).

For every Horse, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Charior, Vis-a-Vis, Chaise, CalaOi, Chaise Marine, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whiskey, Caravan, Heaife, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, or other Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or A Is, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Score j and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten Pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Roads i and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons, who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the said Tolls j and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of ai.y of the said Tolls shall, after Demand made thereof by any Collector of the said Tolls to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Parc thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and distrain or cause to be seized and distrained any Carriage, Horse or horses, or other Beast or Cattle chargeable with the said T olls, or any of them, or the Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements of such Horse, or other Beast or Beasts, or any Par: or Paris thereof; and if such Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Six Days

2663

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing or distraining shall and may fell or cause to be sold the Carriage, Horle or Horles, Beast or Bealls, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles,

Harness, and Accoutrements so fe zed and distrained, or any Part or Parts thereof, at or near to the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonafcle Costs and Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deduced and paid*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about

the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Costs and Charges of distraining, Toils and keeping, or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and the Collector or Person so distraining to detain the Distress or the Money ^tice.,) arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, [as the Case may ie,] shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County,

Town, or Place wherein such Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter upon the Oath or Oaths of the Parties or other Witness or Witnessfes, and shall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and shall also aflrfs the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs, all which Sum or Sums so determined or aflclTed shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Turnpikes Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or TnSm.th° any of them, and of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground, Fences,

and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and of all Gates, Polls, Rails,

Bars, Fences, Mile Stones, Tables of Tolls, and Polls erected and robe erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Roads, or any of them, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, shall be vetted in the Trustees hereby appointed, and they are hereby empowered to cause any Action or Actions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person who shall fte.il, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpike, Toll House, or other Building, Fence, Mile Stone, Table of Tolls, Pott, or any of such Materials, Tools, or Implements as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be and be deemed to be sufficient to Hate generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of the Trustees for maintaining and repairing the said lloads leading to and from the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland, without particularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of any of the said Trustees*

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Tolls in ref-tamed shall extend or be construed to extend to enable any Collector of the said Tulls to demand or take any rau/c than One Toll from any Per- j;niy for

2664.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

son or Persons whomsoever for or in respect of the lame Carriage, Horse.- Bead, or oilier Cattle passing Once and repaying Once in the same Day (such Dny to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeedirg Night) through the fame or any other Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, cm any of the said Roads, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Tjcket denoting that such Xotf hath been paid on that Day for or in respect of such Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, on the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of such Toll.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, shall arise touching or in any.wife relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Ttufteec, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, cr Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

Penalty on XXIII. And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said fading the Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer, or dispose of to or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket in order to evade Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons farming, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Roads near unto any Turnpike crested thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, through or over any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage), or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Half whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Collectors of Toll*-to be

iy^mpeter.t

Witnesses.

General

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or

xempt.on?. tai<cn for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the lioads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Parc of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Com in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Our-houses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compod, 1 or

:.S 3-

so

lay

of

at

1,1

u

Vt

tbil

»Di

)iwtl

efil

ufc.of

k,«

toe-

opli

oogh

£,jK

ride

)m

or

Df

"1

of

ice

eof

or-

or

K

t

t

p

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127. 2665

or Manures employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands', or for any other Thing employed in the Mansgement of any farm of Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Paftiire or Watering Places* or going to be or returning from hiring (hoed; or From nny Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church,

Chapel, or other Place of Religious Woiship tolerated by Lav/ on Any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishts or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifning any Tick Person, or upon other h s Parochial or Miniftena! Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority ro be celebrated; or for any Horfr; Brad) Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Lxpreffes under thig Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails cr Exprt lies, or in returning lack 1 rom conveying the fame; orferany Horse, B aft, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their Maich, or on Duty, or attending thrm with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in go ng to or returning t’.om the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise: Provided always that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corp?, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to th

Regulations provided fer such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage carryirgof conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Ehdion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the fat'd County of Cumberland on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or o llufive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exempn ns by this Act granted, not being entitled ro the fame, every such Person shall Forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Half whereof shall go ro the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, a; d be it further enacted, That it shall and Trulfees may may be lawful to and for the lard Trustees, and they ere hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be Holden for that Purpose, of which Meet- uiVt’hei con-ing Notice shall be affiKed on ill and every the Turnpikes that DialL be the (landing on the said Roads, from Time to Time to lcfTcn or reduCc all or 1,ar* any Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament r.oW in fi.rce for Overweight, in fafh Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during futh Time as they the said Tmftees shall think proper, and afterwards at a Meeting to be hclden as aforesaid from Time to Time, if they shall see CccMion, to advance all or any of the Toils so Uflehed or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the federal Rates granted by this Act, cr now made payable by any Act or Acts of Pa.Tumertc now in Force a d Effect with respect to Overweights: Provided nrvenhrl-fs, that when the \\hrb Money charged and borrowtd on the Credit of the Did recited Act* (so tafr bs the farhc r< htc to or in any wise Concern any of [Lac. & Per.] 29 Z the

2666

Toils may be Jet.

lefTee* or Persons appointed by them may foiled me Tolli.

Trustees may

compound ior Tolls.

Mortgages, ftc. ro be deemed at

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

the Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by this Act) and of this Act, or any or either of them, shall not have been paid or discharged, the Tolis hereby granted shall not be Jcftened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixth Parts of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Truiiees, and they are hereby empowered ac any Meeting, upon Fourteen Days Notice being affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be standing on the Fid Roads, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame, provided that the Leases, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the lame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by any Eleven or more of the said Trustees, but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any One Time, and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tells shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that Six Calendar Months Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement shall be null and void to all Intents, Purposes, and Constructions whatsoever,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Leftfees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lefiee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be lubjrcc to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Profecucions, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees from Time to Time to compound with any Person or Persons for any Period of Time, not exceeding One Year, for any Horses, Beasts, or Cattle passing on the Did Roads, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Beufts, or other Cattlej and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance Quarterly, or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Mortgages, Alignments, Grants, Conveyances, Leases, and other. Secu-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127. 2667

rities made or granted to or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies vali.l as if the Politick, Corporate, or Collegiare, or any others whomsoever, acting by or under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as p-aied. the fame relate to or in any wise concern any of the Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual for and during the Continuance of this Act, as if so much of the said recited Acts as relates to or in any wise concerns the fcve-al Roads therein mentioned and delenbed had m t been repealed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money as may be od Second* necessary for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall ro bc Scod* and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby em- Trcftce* roajr powered from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Wtiling under their Hands and Seals to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll Hoofcs erected or to be erected on the said Ronds (the Charg'S of such Alignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Monty, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest; to be paid and payable by equal Half-yearly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, all whkh Moitgages or Alignments shall be in the Words, or to the Effect % following:

4 nY virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of Form of King George the Third, [ set forth the Title of this Act'], we, whofu Mu,t£’Se*

Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed (being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act), in Consideration of the Sum of

c to the Treasurer of the said Roads

in Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such

Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

charged and advanced or to be charged or advanced on the Credit of the said Tolls to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord for and during the Continuance

4 of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest

after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid

and farisfled. Given under our Hands and Seals this

Day of in the Year of our L< rd

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a c pier of Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and such Eook or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be prrufed and inspected without Fee cr Reward; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Assignments which were made in the Manner and Form prescribed by the said recited Act, shall be pood, valid, and effectuil, to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and all Persons to whom

any

2668

Form of Transfer,

Trustees to Days Notice

Trustees may turn or alter liu Cowrie

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

any such Mortgages or Alignments respectively have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time assign and tiansler the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ t A» B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

4 -* Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, by virtue of a Mortgage or Assignment, bearing Date the

Day of under the Hands and Seals of

‘ of the Trustees acting in Execution of an Act,

made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 4 intituled, [set forth the Title of this Act], or of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the lleign of King George the Second, or of an Act made in the Second or Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \_set forth the Titles of thefa:d recited Acts, 4 or any of them, as the Case may be_J, upon the Credit of the said Act,

do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all

the Principal 2nd Interest Money now < ue and owing thereon, unto 4 C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated

this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced a/id notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees within One Calendar Month next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be mat e thereof containing the Date, Names of the Party, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Rook or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Alignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Fiv.e Shillings, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Admmiitrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as afore Lid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, relcafe, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Peil'ons to whom such Mortgages, Alignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, (as well such Mortgages or Alignments made by virtue of the said recited Acts, or of any of them, so far as the fame relate to, or in anywise concern any of the Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act, as of this Act,) shall be in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses* in equpl Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dares of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided neverthek fs, that before any Sum or Sums of Money shall betaken up or borrowed, Fourteen Days Noti«e at the least shall be given of the Intention of borrowing such Money, by affixing the fame on ail and every the TurnpikeGates crc&'cd on the said Roads.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered, from

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127. 2669

Time to Time as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, (Horten, cFa-ypart vary,or alter the CourfeorPathof any Part or Parts of the Roads comprized ^dt!1,e.Ron'?% in this Act, and that any Variation cf Road may be made of any Wide!?, tiWf. r th"'~ pot exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Common or Waste Ground, with-out m..king any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or iv.rpj~.r 11-5 inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first maknig Satisfaction to the Owners thereof 2nd Pj-rfons interested therein for the Damage they may fuftam thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Cicik, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contrail, and agree with the Owners of and Persons incerested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain hv the making, widening, diverting, turning, or alterirg the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Reads through stich Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to purch.ifed, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the Lid Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in ft.ch Manner as the said Ttullees shall think convenient, and shall by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Ground shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame (Hall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and, after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bed Price that can reasonably be had or gotten for the lame, and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and enrolled with the Cluk of the Peace for the said C unty of Cumberland, shall be good and eftcftual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Corporation*,-and for all Bodies Politick, Coiporare, or Collegiate, Corporations Agg-e- &c- empower-gate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for totrwaf4 Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust*

Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whorr.soever, for and onBchalf of any Infants, Femes Coverr, or other Ceftuiqoe Trust, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of act;ng for themselves j and for all apd every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof* or for th; ir Ir.tcreft therein, and to cor.vrv the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyarces which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purp-nes whatsoever; any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary tht-eof in any wise notwithstanding and that all [Lee. h? F.-r.] 30 A such

£670 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

such Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue and in pursuance of this Asti

tnuafeof

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor* fuirlgtoTiiat, Occupier of or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenei r not agreements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary tol-ri- the or ProPer to purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, Recompence. or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or C !-legiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Poftlffion of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be inquired into and afeerrained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Cumberland, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Premises in Question shall be situate, (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer,) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested for or upon Account of the taking or uiing of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to furnmon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or With.fits touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, cr any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and re* quired to administer); and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view . the Place in Question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as

well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and, after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the Owners, P oprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict ot Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, or Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Re verbal, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons any wife inttr:sted in such Linds, Tenement1, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, divcfled of all Righr, Title, Claim, interest, or Property of, in, so, or out of the fame $ and upon Payment of the Money l‘o assessed to

the

2671

46° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 117.

the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or (in case of Kefufa! to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises, in resp.eft whereof such Monty shall be afTdTed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Confederation Money h3d been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto-, and for functioning and returning such Jury, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their \Varr2nt or Warrants, signed by any hive or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Cumberland, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff to imparinel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury ot Twenty-four Persons to appeal* before the said Trustees at such Time an’d Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and such Sheriff, or his Deputy, is hereby required thereupon to impannel, funimon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons lo impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear. Or cause to be sworn. Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall return ether honest arid indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their jurl«maybe lawful Challenges against: any of the Jurymen to be summoned in purchallenged* iuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Aft ion depending in any of His Majesty's Courts cf Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby Sheriffs, Src. empowered to impose any reasonable Pine or Fines on such Sheriff, or his Deputy, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Duty. 1 Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in Qurftion, or shall in any other Manner Wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons w!io being summoned or required to give Evidence before- the said Jury, touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Pine shall exceed Five Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherever o.vrer<«.f the Course of any Parc of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and miking anew a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Lind, the Offer Hoad tohave of the Purchase of such old Road shall be ft ft made to the Owner of such of MleoS^ adjoining Land which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making R:aJ. such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purch ife of the fame, and such Owner shall (till b- desirous of becoming the PurchaseSi thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and afeerrained by a jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by jthis Act, and fych Owner shall be deemed the PurcSafer thereof at the Sum to be afeer- tamed

$6fi 46° GEORGII in Cap. 127.

tained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall rerufe to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees* and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premiers) to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Piace where such old Road shall lie. Hating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refui'ed to purchase such old Road [as the Case nicy be\ \ and f.ich Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be iuffiuienc Evide.xe and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Own< r (hah be entitled to the First Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing, and content to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the lame to such Person or PerLns by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees; which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

By whom the

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give or (]ejjver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken on Behalf of the said Trustees as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and return* Ing the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered before the 1'ummoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame, or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Comroversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some justice of the Peace not interested in the Matter in Question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise, (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the lame,) and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as'so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Perform, and the 6 ' Payment

the Jury to be paid*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

2673

Payment and Tender of the Remainder of Rich Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so afftfied and adjudged; or otherwise, such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk ro the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act:

Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall by Trusteeito reason of Absence have been prevented from treating with the said Truf- J,ahycfeXp^"^"ft tecs, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees from Ab'ence in Manner aforesaid. Preven.ted

from treating*

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Houses, &c. herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House, or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk,

or Avenue to a House, without the Confenc of the Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid

or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tcne- tie», if ments, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the amounting Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust,

Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatick, Feme Covert, or Other Crftuique Trust, or to any Person whose Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments aie limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the lame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to he signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid alfecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of 9ther Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like URs, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settlrd or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be [Lk. fc? Per.J 30 B made.

2674 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

made, the said Money ftsall, by Order of the said Court upon Applied* tioa thereto, be ihvcfled by the Did Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purohafc of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Confohdated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said CouTt, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Appliention XXXVII!. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so of Compfrnfa. agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-thanaoo?*' roents, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid* and belong-and exceeding ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability 10* pr Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds* then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled, to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Coni mil tees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing uhd#r their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court Gf Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall te paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Eleven or more of the said Truste.es for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Appro* lotion to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Siou^MJeJs Money agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be than io 1. less than Twenty Pound?, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the LJfe of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, of Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons Fo entitled respectively.

in case of not

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons ro TWe!re or if w^oni any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Persons can- any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of jCtbh\feUDd* t*s A&, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a 12 . good

46° GEORGII IH. Cap. 127. 2675

good Title to the Premisesto the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Money to be case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons rarheOrJei-cntirled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or dif- c'heac°urt covered, then 'and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and °n MoSor for the Did Trustees, or any Eleven or more of them, to order the said Petition.

Stim or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Nameatid with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to hrs Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [‘describing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofirfon of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or other wise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according ro the re.speftivfc Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cater or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums 6f Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such 'Perfoti or Perfofis' as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided alWay*J and be it further enacted, That where any where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Quction null paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the S^TujJw,"* Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuafice of this Act, Money to be for the Purchase of any Lands,. Tenements, or Hereditaments, Or of any pcHon^who Estate,’ Right, or interest in'any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be in to be purchased in pursuance Of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to iDe fh0cffL®0Js°f purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such &c. at the* Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been inPofleftion furh

K)f such Larch, Tenement. or Hereditaments at the Time of fufcff Pdf- be denied en-chas, and all Perfods claiming \ihdtfr such Person or Persons, of under titled thereto The Pofirftion Of ftrch Pc.f;n Or Person-', shall he deemd and taken to fuciTpofflr-0 have been lawfully entitled to fdtfh Lands, TenemeotS, or Heredita- fiononly, &c. Vnehts, according to such Pdfffliob, until the contrary‘shall be IheWn tb the Siti.'f ftion of the said Court of Chancery'; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank AnnuicfeiD to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of fiuh Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dif-poled of accordingly, utdrfs it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Post'eflion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Land;, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or In rereft therein.

XLII. Provided rvlfo, and be it further enacted, That when by reason S' Chancery of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased Expeccesof under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall furchafes to

' 1 , be parJ t'ythe

be Trultws.

2676

4.6e GEORGII ill. Cap. 1 if.

be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in purfu nee of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this AG, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem re-sonable, to be paid by the said 'I'ruflees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this AG, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall aireG.

For getting Materials to repair the Roads*

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful ro and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, ana to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Futzc, Heath, Beach, Scones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, Sea Shore or Strand, Ri ver or Brook, in any Puiifh, Township, Hamlet, Division, DiflriG or Place in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, DiflriG or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons aGing by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees, (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees to be holdea in pursuance of this AG, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, atttfted and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons (where the fame may be had or found), such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable , and in c-fc of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners and Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Town, or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over, on Three Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective PLces of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages, and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLIV. Provided-

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 127. 2677

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Thu it shall Notice tote not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons atting under for[h^f the Authority of this Atf, to Gig, gather, get, take, or carry away any incited Lend# Materials for repairing such Roads out of or from any inclufed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor. shall have be taken, been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be t^ken, or left for stich Occupier at his ufuJ Place of Re* ftdence, to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Town, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in cale such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficirnt Cause to the contrary, then and in such Cale the said Trustees or such Justices ftlall and mav authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather; and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall fiogleft or refuse to appear by himfrlf or his Agent pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who- penalty on , fdever shall remove or take away the Stones or Gravel, or any Materials ^tcraE"^ Hid upon the said Road*, or upon any Part thereof, for the Repair by Order of thereof,' without the Order of the said Trustees, or of their Surveyor or ftesuiveyor. Surveyors for that Purpose, or if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyor, in any Lands, Fields, Waite or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof,' cj shall get or take away any Scones or Gravel, or Materials, out of any P t or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working the rein, for the Space of Three Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale,) e^ery Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Surveyors to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Per- J»^e0rai«% fons whom he or they shall appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or Duches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjo ning or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall derm and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair 2ny Part of the said Roads, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands or Grounds adjoining to any nauow or ruinous P.«rc or Parcs of the said Roads, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Paik, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House,) to be made use of as a pubhek Highway whilst the narrow or ruirous Parts of the said Roads ate widening or repairing, and u- til the tune shall be convenient and lafe for the Passage cf Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occu-[Loc. & Per.J 30 C piers

8 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

piers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees* and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers, and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then and in every such CdHf the Justices of the Peace for the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County of Cumberland, next after the Expiration of Five Days from the Time of doing such ^Damage, shall find they are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and detesoiiiUl the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final and condusive.

Purveyor may

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to oyaners!" and fur the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, (by Direction and under the Hands of any Five or pi ore of the said Trustees,) from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Rails, Steps, Sign rods, or other Posts, and also by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or other* wife, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Buthes growing in any Part of the Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, Jop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refuse or neglect to dofo for the Space of Three Days next after Norice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting as aforesaid j and in case any such Person shall not upon Demand pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty indited by this Act j and, if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Half whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That, if any Person shall hale or ker'or"stone draw or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any rherwSfthan Trec or Liece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel «ponaWhc*in Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which Carriage. shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of such Road to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds, nor less than One Pound.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cauie the said Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and

Posts

Ror.ds to be ineaturrd, and Miles Stones to be let up.

4-6° GEORGII III. Cup, 12j, 267j

Ports (0 be erected to denote the D.stance of every such Port from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fir, and also cause to be erected Guide Ports upon such Parts of the said Roads where the same are crofted or joined by other Roads as they shall judge proper j and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any Mile Stone, Table of Tolls, or Port erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge ox Bridges, or any Arch or Arches, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each and every Stone, Table of Tolls, Port, jpr Parapet Wall, au/d Arch so broken, thrown down, injured, or dertrpyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Maiks shall he so obliterated or /defaced. One Half whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Fo* present, wijfully, or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, »ijct8,n&c!* OX shall ride on, or drive, or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Sid/: or Sides of any Part of the said Roads, or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pods or Scones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways, or if any Person or Persons shall plough over, or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horlc or other Beast drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall /crape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie tupon any Part of the said Roads with any Irjstrument, so as to damage the said Roads or any Part thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall leave jfjiy Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hufoaodry, (without some reasonable cause, to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his Convictfon, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage during such reasonable Time as the fame shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be,) in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road5, either with or without any Horse or Beast harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Roads or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Surn not exceeding Forty Shillings,

One Half whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied (or the Purposes of this Act.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law Persont ,«reor shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable JJgSfii* towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, work to ton-widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto tMlue In like Manner as heretofore; and it shall find may be lawful to and for jufrees to

A dUCJinUi*

& any

2680 46d GEORGII III. Cap. 127*

Differences any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland,

(fcatate vvoik anc^ are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by tire Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fyd Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Competition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at feme Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Three Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that . Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restridliohs as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Time (not being Haytime or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct't the Persons who by such Lift shall appear to be subjrdl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or ufuul Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or L ibour-ers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hoise or Horses, Be aft or Beads, to be provided by him, htr, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent <ls aforesaid;

and

z6St

1

rt

fr

t*

to

"f

nch

that

ition

)bt

tl«

U

aia

tic*

i«i

'the

fort*

i tlit

Hull

eft),

jer

rnd

by

id,

to

the

itnc

hi*

lie-

4

UK

er,

br

*y

jr*

or

: tO

be

t!«

u

4

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1271

dhd in that Cafe, every fu:h Person shal] be subject and liable tn the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforelad as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid t > the Treasurer rothe laid Trustees, and applied towards the amending the find Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Paiiflies ct Places shall reflife or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in fa If- or imperfect Lift , every such Surveyor Jo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit arid pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Triers may for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, s^vo^k. Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Starute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and mall or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, fora certain Sum of Money by the Year, or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the Lid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Compofrion Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the last Day of Jluguft in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be peitnitted to compound for that Year.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cost«, Charges, and Application Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act ot Money* shall, in the first Place, be paid and defrayed out cf any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said rec ted Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to or in any wise concern the Roads to be amended, widened,

ind repaired by virtue of this Act, or out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or colltfttd by virtue ct or for che Purposes of this Act; 20c! the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Moni- s borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the lame relite to or in anywise concern the Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Act, and to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Inrtreft thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LIY. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be Aflionstobe brought by the Order of the said Trustees sgainlt any Person or Persons brought in the by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Treafunror* Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Names of any Five of the clerk of the said Trullee*, on Behalf of the said Trustees, and no such Action shall bu^nehUerof abate or be discontinued by the Death cr Removal of the Person in whose them to be Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Truf- pimento? tees, or any cr either of them, shall be subjrft to the Payment of any Coin.

Costs or Expences on account thereof, but all such Coils and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money ariRug by virtue of this Act.

[Lie. & Per.]

30 D—E

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

2682

Power to

LV. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be

&clodetain trat'ficm Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers unknown Per- under this Act, be it therefore enabled. That ic shall and may be lawful Offences* or to anc* for any 1®^ Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown lJerlon or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, where any such Offence or Offences fhffi be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

Recovery and

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by ^Penalties. virtue of this Acr, or by virtue of the Powers thereof imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whcieof is not hereby other wise particularly directed,) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Joffice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where the Offence shall happen, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Cunltffion of the Party*, or upon the Evidence of any credibleWitness upon Oath,) ai d the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, ffi. ll be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to te otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Aci j and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Wairat't unber his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be commuted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Town, or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor Jess than Fourceen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and facisfied.

Form of Conviction.

Appeal.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following \ (that is ro say),

c dE it remembered, That on this Day of

in the Year of the Reign of

6 A.B. is convicted before

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

4 of having [as the Offence shall be~\, and I [or we] the said

4 do adjudge him [her or them] to forfeit and

pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my Hand

and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.*

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement or Determination* or by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of

this

2683

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal ro the Justice; of the Peace at the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arile) next after the Expiration of S x Calendar Months from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and forthwith, after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at inch Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice, and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or other wise, as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reafor.able; and all such Determinations of the said Justices fit .11 be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

I.IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distress not to for any Sum of Money ro be levied, by virtue of this Act, the Distress for UWant of itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the Form, fame be deemed a Trefpsffer or Trespassefs on account of any DefcCl or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings reluing thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distrainiflg be deemed a Trespasser or Tretrailers zb initio on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so drftraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and nuv recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damjge fn an Action upon the Cafe.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Proceeding# Judgement, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning the Cor- q^aJ^for viction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quaftied Want of or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed cr removable by Cer- ^ovableby^ tiorariy or by any ether Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Certiorari. Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXi. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall Pontiffs not recover in any Action to be commenced ag.iinft any Person or Persons for without* any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall Notice or^ have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Fourteen Days before offends" such Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought and in case no such Tender shall have been nude, i: shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants

2684

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 12)i

Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Afliori shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings. Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court*

Limitation of L.XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Actions. shall be commenced against any Per fan or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance cf this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Pact committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Cumberland, and not tlfcwhcrej and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Nonce shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time iitnited for bringing the lame as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such VerJict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Phintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Colts, and have such Remedy for recovcrii g the lame as any Defendant hath for Colls of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

F'ubricfc Aa.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed 3nd taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Continuance ta^e place on l^ie passing iheieof, and shall be in Force and have Con-of the Act- tinuance for and during the 'Perm of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

I

lit in ct ia on st|

Of

be

ich

k ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

nil

nil

; GEORGII III. REGIS.

id

ch

ni

in*

ct

Cap. 128.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Flitwick,

1 in the County of Bedford.

[12th 1806.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Flitwick, in the County of Bedford, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Moors, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing together One thousand Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas John Carrington, of Biggleswade in the County of Bedford, Baker, is Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory nd Parsonage of Flitwick aforesaid, in Trust, as to Two Ninth Parts of «he Rents and Profits thereof for the Vicar for the Time being of the Parish Church of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon j in Trust, as to Two other Ninth Parts of such Rents and Profits for the Rector for the Time being of the Parish Church of Coningtony in the said County of Huntingdon; in Trust, as to One other Ninth Part of such Rcnrs and Profits for the Vicar for the Time being of the Parish Church of higgle',wade aforesaid j in Trust, as to Two other Ninth Parrs of such Kents and Profits for the Matter for the Time being of [Loc, id For.] jo F the

26go

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 12S:

the Free School of Biggleswade aforesaid and in Trust, as to the rcj maining Two Ninth Parts of such Rents and Profits for the Matter for the Time being of the Free School of Holme, in the County of Huntingdon \ and as such Impropriator is or claims to be entitled (in Trust: as aforesaid)to the Impropriate Tythes arising, renewing, or increasing from certain of the Lands and Grounds within the said Paritti; and is or claims to be entitled to certain Parts of the said Open and Common Fields, and Common and Lammas Meadows, and also to certain Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights in, oifer, and> upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Moors, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands: And whereas the Mott noble John Duke of Bedford is Patron of the Vicarage of the said Paritti of Flitwick; and the Reverend John Hawkins is the present Vicar of the said Vicarage, and in Right of such Vicarage is or claims to be entitled to the Tythes both Great and Small arising, renewing, and increasing, within that Part of the said Paritti of Flitiwck, called Prijley; and also in Right of such Vicarage is or claims to be entitled to all the Tythes arising, renewing, and increasing within the Remain-der of the said Paritti, except the Tythes of Corn, Hay, and Wood: And whereas the said John Duke of Bedford, George Brooks, and John Morris, Esquires, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of or otherwise interested in the said Open and Common fields, Common Moors, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, and are or claim to be also entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights and Interests in, over, and upon the fame: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forcy-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for consolidating in One Act certain " Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating €t the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the patting " of such Acts And whereas the Properties of the said several Owners and Proprietors of an in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Moors, Common and Lammas Meadows, are intermixed, and dispersed in fmail Pieces, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it will be highly beneficial to such Owners and Proprietors, and to the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights as aforesaid, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Moors, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, were divided and allotted unco and amongst the said several Owners and Proprietors, and other Persons interested therein, according and in Proportion to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, and if such Allotments were conveniently laid together and inclosed j and it will also be very advantageous to all the Parties interested in all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Flitwicky if the same are exonerated from Tithes but inasmuch as the said several Objects cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May ic therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted j nnd be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Open and Common Fields, Common Moors, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commisson- Commons, and Waste Lands, shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed, ers> and that all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, fubiecc and

liable

2691

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

liable to Tythes, (Kali be exonerated therefrom; and that John Fellowes t of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, Gentleman, Thomas Thorpe, of Great Barford> in the said County of Bedfordt Gentleman, and Thomas Gojielow, of Amphthill, in the said County of Bedford, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for valuing, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields,

Common Moors, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, and for exonerating from Tythes the Tytheable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Flitwick, and for putting this and the said receited Act in Execution in Manner and Subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions hereinafter contained, and also subject to the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations of the said recited Act (except where the same are hereby varied or altered); and that all Powers and Authorities, Directions, Acts, Matters, and Things hereby given to or directed to be done and executed by the said Commissioners, may be done Com-and executed by or before any Two of them, and shall be as valid and missioners effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if done and executed by or be- may Act* fore all the said Commissioners.

11. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners Election of hereby appointed, or who shall be elected as hereinafter mentioned,

shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in mioners* them respectively veiled, die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or without some lawful Cause neglect to attend the Meeting for putting this Act in Execution for the Space of One Calendar Month next after he shall have received Notice from any Person interested in the said Inclosure, requiring him to attend as a Commissioner, a new Commissioner or Commissioners [as the Case may require] shall be elected in Manner following (that is to jay), if the said John Fellowes shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs, or Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the said Division, Allotment* and Inclosure, in the Room of the said John Fellowes, and so from time to time as oleen as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs, or Assigns shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid j and in case the said Thomas Thorpe shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Impropriator of the said Impropriate Rectory, and the Vicar of Flitwick aforesaid for the Time being, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the Room of the said Thomas Thorpe, and so from time to time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the Impropriator and Vicar of hlitwick as aforesaid shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid i and in case the said Thomas Gojielow shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the major Tart in Value of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds so intended to "be divided and inclosed (except the said John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Assigns, and the said Impropriator and Vicar for the Time being), who shall by themselvesor Agents, duly authorized, attend the Meeting or Meetings to be appointed for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the Room of him the said Thomas Gojielow j and so from

time

2692

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

time to time is often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the Paid Proprietors shall die, or refute, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; provided that the remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall cauie Notice to be given of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such last mentioned Election, at lead Fourteen Days before the Time of holding such Meeting, such Notice to be given and published in the Parish Church of Flitwick aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service; and in case any of the said Parties shall make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner within One Calendar Month after the Death of any Commissioner, or his Refusal, or becomin gincapable to act, or Neglect of Attendance as aforesaid, then the surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners shall and he and they is and are hereby required, from time to time, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month, allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Commissioner or Commissioners by them respectively as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the Premises, in the Room of every such Commissioner so dying, refilling, or becoming incapable to act, or neglecting to attend as aforesaid; and every Commissioner to be appointed and elected as aforesaid shall have the like Power and Authority in all respects as the Commissioner in whose place he shall be appointed was inverted with by virtue of this Act.

Appoint- Ilf. And be it further enacted, That all such Surveys, Admea-ment of Sur- furements, and Plans as shall be necessary and requisite to be made and vey°r* taken for the Purposes of dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Moors, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, shall be made and taken by William Collijfon, of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, Land Appoint- Surveyor; and in Case of the Death, Inability; Neglect, or Re filial to

ment of new act of the said William Collijfon, then by such other Person or Persons as

Surveyors, the said Commissioners shall by any Writing or Writings under cheir Hands nominate and appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall be Commis- raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act anlTsurvey- t^ere be paid to each of the Commissioners appointed or to be ers Allow- appointed as aforesaid, and their Clerk, as a Recompence for his Pains,

ance. Trouble, and Expences therein, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for each Day he shall be employed in travelling co, returning from, and attending any Meeting, or adjourned Meeting, or otherwise, for the Execution of this Act; and that the said Commissioners and’ their Clerk shall defray their traveling Expences, and also their own Expences, at all such Meetings and Adjourned Meetings as aforesaid; and that there shall be paid to the Surveyor appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall consider to be just and reasonable for his Pains, Trouble, and Expences in the Execution of this Act.

Notice of V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall

Meetings. cause Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Flitwick aforesaid, on

some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to btf

affixed

2693

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

affixed on the principal Outer Door of the said Church, and also by Adveriifemeot to be infer ted in some Newspaper circulated in the said County of Bedford, of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vested in them, at least Ten Days before such Meeting respectively (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and that the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn any such Meeting from time to time, and from Place to Place, within Fight Miles of the said Parish of Fitiwrck, as they shall see Occasion, for the further Execution of this Act; and in case Two Commissioners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for any One of the said Com midioners present at any such Meeting, or adjourned Meeting, or for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to adjourn the same to any future Day not exceeding Twenty-one Days, from the Day of Adjournment, to be held at the fame or any other Place within Eight Miles of the said Parish of Hitwick; and that the Commissioner or Clerk making such Adjournment shall give Notice thereof to the absenc Commissioners.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, the Manner of" giving which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall be affixed upon the principal Outer Door of the Parish Church of Ftitwick, or be given by Advertisement in some Newspaper circulated in the said County of Bedford.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the L.ands and Grounds to be divided, allotted* and inclosed, in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof, touching or concerning the several Rights and Interefis which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in, over, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotmen , and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to examine into, hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this or the said recited Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lailds, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, or upon the Hearing of any such Dispute or Difference as aforesaid, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for them and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, afiefs, and award such Colls and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Parry or Parties in whole favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons again!! whom any such Determination shall be made; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case ic shall be lawful lor the said

[Lee. Per.] 30 G Commissioners*

Adjournment of Meetings.

Other No-be given.

Commissioners to determine Disputes.

Not to determine Titles.

Commissioners may award Costs.

a6g+ 46° GEORGII III. Cap. x 28.

Commissioners, and they are hereby required and authorized, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by DiOrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, in such and the same Manner as Landlords, are authorized and enabled to do by Law for Rent in Arrear, rendering upon Demand the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising from any such Sale, after deducting the Costs and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold.

Parties may

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any

R?'hwb Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested as aforesaid,

I Hue at Law] be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Inierefts, in, over, upon, or out of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or exonerated from Tythes in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the First or Second Assizes to be holden for the said County of Bedford next after the Determination of the said Commissioners, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with such Determination shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue again!! the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, withinThreeCalendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, and the Defendant or Defendanrs in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Jflues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried, and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the pvent of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims to such Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and exonerated from Tythes, or acy Part thereof, which shall net be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting shall not cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all Parties interested.

Proceedings x. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any

loi 10 abatr. Action

2695

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Action to be brought in pursuance of this or the said recited Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as it no such Event had happened.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Forftorten. Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands ingBoundary of the l.ord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors ad- Fences, joining to the said Parish of Fiitwick, and of the major Part in Value of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in any adjoining Parish or Parishes, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which any Boundary Fence, or Fences, as next hereinafter mentioned, shall or may be intended to be made, in order to shorten and make regular the Boundary Fences between the said Parish of Fiitwick and any adjoining Parish or Parishes, to set our, ascertain, and determine, and to raise and make, in such Lines as they shall think proper and convenient, the Boundary Fence or Fences to be made between the said Parish of Fiitwick and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; and after such Boundary shall be so made, set our, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced, and such Fence or Fences made and kept in Repair in such Manner, and by such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of Fiitwick and such adjoining Parish or Parishes \ any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and a Description of the Boundaries to be made, set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, shall be inserted in the Award of the said Commissioners.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for pe Up* the Division wherein the said Parish of Fiitwick is situate, and not inter-

cited in the Repair of any such Road as next hereinafter mentioned, to divert, turn, or flop up any old or accustomed Road or Way (not being a Turnpike Road) lying or being in, or passing or leading through any Part of the said Parish, and such Order shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in like Manner, and under the fame Forms and Restrictions, as if the fame had been originally made by such Justices j and that the Roads or Ways which shall be so flopped up shall be deemed Bart of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act: Provided always that none of the present public Roads over the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, shall be shut up or discontinued until the said Commissioners shall have caused the public Roads to be set out, and until the lame shall be properly formed and made safe and convenient for Horles, Cattle, and Carriages.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at Encroach-any Time within Twenty Years now lait part have been made upon the menu. Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parish of Fiitwick shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly

and *n case any Difference or Dispute shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said Commissioners; and that all Encroachments

which

20^6

Allotmen for Stone, Pit*, and Waterins Places.

46° GEORG 11 Hi. Gap. 128.

which have been made upon the said* Commons and Waste Lands for upwards of Twenty Years lb all from henceforth be considered to be Freehold, but shall-not in any Case be entitled to any Rights of Common, or any other Commonable Rights or Interests whatsoever, upon or over any Par: of the Lands, Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, to be divided, allotted, and incloleri, by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required (ifthey shall think it necessary) to let out and allow such Parc or Parrs of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper, not exceeding Four Acres, unto the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the Lid Parish of Flitwiek, to be uft3 for the Purpose of public Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, Marie, Mortar, or other Materials for making and repairing the public and private Roads and Ways within the said Pari lb', and for such other Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioners shall direct: and the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon such Allotment or Allotments shall be veiled in such Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, and shall be let by him or them for the belt Rent that can be procured for the fame; and such Rent shall be applied by him or them in repairing the public Roads and Ways within the said Parish; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall account to the Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, touching the Application thereof Annually, at such Days and Times as shall be appointed in a Vestry for passing the Accounts of such Surveyor or Surveyors.

Allotment to

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall li*Vto?Ior °UC anC^ a C Unt° anC* ^or l^e Carrington, Impropria-

Glebe! ° for aforesaid, and his Heirs, in Trust for the Vicar for the Time being, of the Parish Church of Saint Neots aforesaid; the Rector for the Time being of the Parish Church of Coning ton aforesaid; the Vicar for the Time being of the Parish Church of Bigglejwade aforesaid; the Mailer for the T,ime being of the Free School of Bigglejwade aforesaid, and the Mailer for the Time being of the Free School of Holme aforesaid, according to their respective Interests therein, such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation to the said Impropriator for all the Glebe Lands to the said Impropriate Rectory belonging or appertaining, lying within the said Parish; and for all Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights whatsoever, in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Moors, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands to the said Impropriate Rectory belonging or appertaining.

Allotment to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall the Vicar for also set out and allot unto and for the said John Hawkins, the Vicar of Glebe. the Vicarage of Flitwick aforesaid, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid for the Time being, such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Computation to the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid

2697

+6* GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

laid for the Time being, for all the Glebe Lands lying within, and for all Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights whatsoever, in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Moors,

Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons* and Waste Lands, to the said Vicarage belonging or appertaining.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment to and they are hereby authorized and required (after having let out the necessary Roads, Ways, and Drains in, over, and through the Lands ^’y(he, "f and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of Open Field this Act, pursuant to the Directions contained in the said recited Act, Lands, and the Allotment or Allotments to the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish of Fiitwick as aforesaid, and also the Allotment or Allotments to the said Impropriator and Vicar as aforesaid, for or in lieu of their respective Glebe Lands and Rights of Common aforesaid) to fct out and allot unto and for the said John Carrington, Impropriator as aforesaid, and his Heirs in Trull as aforesaid, and unto and for the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, so much and such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value (after making such Deductions as aforesaid) to One Filth Part of all the Arable or Tillage Lands, and of the Lands which have been Arable or in Tillage within the last Seven Years, and to One Ninth Part of all the other Land to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind; and such Allotment or Allotments so to be fct out and allotted as last aforesaid shall be by the said Commissioners allotted and divided between the said "'John Carrington, Impropriator as aforesaid, and his Heirs in Trust as aforesaid, and the said John Hawkins as Vicar as aforesaid, and his Successors, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be adequate to their several and respective Shares, Interests, and Properties in the Great and Small Tythes arising, renewing, and becoming due and payable to them, upon or from the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, that is to say, to the said Impropriator such Proportion of the said Allotment or Allotments as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissions be equal in Value to the Tythes of Corn, Hay, and Wood, and to the said Vicar such Proportion thereof as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal to all the other Tythes renewing, arising, or becoming payable from and upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed pursuant to this Act; and the Allotment or Allotments so to be made shall be in lieu of and in full Recompence, Satisfaction, and Compensation for all and all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, arising, renewing, or becoming due and payable in, upon, or from the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed in pursuance of this Act (except and always reserving unto the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, the usual and accustomed Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees payable unto him or them).

2698

Allotment to Impropriator for Tythes of Old Inclosures not in Prifley.

Allotment for Vicarial Ty the of Old Inclosurrs not inPiifley.

Proprietors not having sufficient Open Field Land to

peniation in Money.

GEORGcil III.: Cap. 128.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also set out and allot, out of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, unto and for the said John Carrington, Impropriator fas aforesaid, and his Heirs in Trail as aforesaid, inch Part or Parts thereof a: shall in the Judgment of the said Coirw.issioners be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Tythes and Tenths of Corn, Grain, and Wood due and payable to the said Rectory for or in respect of such of the ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds situate within that Part of the said Parish of Flitwick, not called Pr.fley, as are (object and liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind to the said Rectory, and such Allotment or Allotments shall be in lieu of and in full Satisfaction for all and all Manner of Tythes and Tenths arising, renewing, or becoming due and payable to the said Rectory, from, for* or in respect of the ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds within that Part of the said Parish not called Prijley,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also set out and allot, out of the said Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, unto and for the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, such Part or Parts thereof as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to all the Tythes and Tenths herein-before mentioned to be due and payable to him in Right of his said Vicarage, for, from, and in respect of all the Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds within that Part of the said Parish of Flitwick which is not called Prijley \j and such Allotment or Allotments shall be in lieu of and in full Recompence, Satisfaction, and Compensation for all and all Manner of Tythes, and all Compoficions and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, arising, renewing, or becoming due and payable to the said Vicar and his Successors, from, for, or in respect or the said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds within that Part of the said Parish not called Prijley.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case there are any Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds in that Part of the said Parish of Flitwick not called Prijley, the respective Proprietors whereof shall not be entitled to any or not to a sufficient Interest or Property in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and enclosed by virtue of this Act to make Compensation for the Tythes payable thereout, such Proprietors shall respectively pay or cause to be paid unto such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for the I ythes or Compoficions for 1 ythes of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds respectively, or of such Part thereof for which a Comprnlution in Land cannot be made as aforesaid, which Sum or Sums shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of passing this Act and carrying the lame into Execution, and shall and may be raised and recovered in like Manner as such la t-mentioned Expences are directed to be raised and recovered, and the Surplus, if any, of such Sum and Sums shall be

appro-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128;

appropriated in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Forty-first acar of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Money paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the fame Ul’es.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also All set out and allot unto the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the or Poor of the said Parish of Flitwick for the Time being, and to their respective Successors, for the Use and Benefit of the poor Persons residing within the said Parish and legally settled therein, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and W,a(te Lands, as ir, the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be most proper and necessary for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned, so as such Allotment or Allotments do not exceed in the whole Twelve Acres, which Allotment or Allotments when so set out shall be and are hereby vested in the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of FFtwick for the Time being, for ever, for the Use and Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the same Parish legally settled therein; and the said Allotment or Allotments shall be inclosed, ditched, and fenced in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award order and direct; and the Tuis, Peat, Furze, or Fuel arising from any such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid as shall produce the fame, shall be cut, taken, and used by such poor Inhabitants of the said Parish, in such Quantities, and and at such Time or Times in eEGh and every Year, and under such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and in such Manner, as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Parc of them, shall direct or appoint; and the said Trustees, (or the Time being, or the major Parc of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to let by public Auction, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or otherwise, to demise the Whole or Inch Part or Parts of the said Allotment or Allotments as shall not product Turf; Peat, Furze, or Fuel, or which shall nor be app opriated for railing Fuel, as they (rom Time to Time shall think proper, to any Pet fan or Persons whomsoever, for any Time or Term of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years, to commence in Pofft-flion and not in Reversion, (o ihat in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the said Trustees for the Ti ne being respfctively, by Two Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the bell and mofi improved Yearly Rene or Rents that can be obtained for the fame, without caking any Fine, Premium,or Foregifr, in Consideration of granting any such Lease or Leares; and that in all such Leases there be contained loch Covenant and Stipulations as the said Trustees respectively, or the major Past of them, shall think proper to be inferred therein, and such Part and Pars thereof as shall not be let or demised as aforesaid, shall and may beemploved or appropriated for the Pm-pose of taking or raising Fuel for the Use of such poor Inhabitants as aforesaid; and the Kents and Profits arising fro i» any such Allotment or Allotments respectively shall be from Time to Time laid out in the Purchase o( Fuel, and such Fuel shall be . illributed amongst such poor Inhabitants in such Proportions and Quantities, and at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Orders, as the said Trustees (or the Time bcinu, or the maj >r Parc of them, shall appoint and prctcribe for that Purpose; and it any Person shall without the

Con-

2700

Allotment of the Residue.

Compenfa-tien for the Tythes in that Pm of the Parish calledPrifley.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Consent, or contrary to the Orders, Rules, and Regulations of the said Trustees thereof for the Time being, cut, dig, pare, or carry away any Turf, Peac, Soil, Sod, or Fuel, in, upon, or from the same, or any Pare thereof, the Person !o offending, on being convicted thereof before any Magistrateof the County of Bedford, on the Oath of One Witness (and which Witness may be any Inhabitant of the said Parish of Flitwick;) or on his own Confession, shall forfeit and pay to the said Trustees thereof for the Time being, for the U e of the Poor of the said Parish, Forty Shillings for every Perch, and so in proportion for any Ins Quantity than a Perch of the Soil from whence such Turf, Pear. Poize, oil. Sod, or Fuel shall have been so cut or dug, and if such Offender shall not immediately, on Conviction, pay the said Penalty hr tha*I be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Bedford, there ro be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exc< eding 1 f.ree Cakndar Months, unless such Penalty and the reasonable Charges ot recovering the same shall be sooner paid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next place set out and allot all thtf Residue and Remain irr ol cne Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto, between, and amongst the feverJ Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, in proportion and according to their several and respective Shares, Interests, Rights of Common, and other Rights therein.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the making an adequate Compensation to the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars of Flitwick as aforesaid, for all the Tythes, Compofuions, or other Payments arising, renewing, increasing, or payable from, for, out of, or in respect of the Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds within that Part of the said Parish of Flitwick called Prijley, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make a Valuation of all the said last-mentioned Tythes, Compofuions, and other Payments; and after making such Valuation the said Commissioners shall, by reference to the London Gazette, or by such other Ways and Means as they shall think most proper, inquire and ascertain what has been the average Price of a Winchester Bushel of good marketable Wheat in the said County of Bedford for the Term of Twenty-one Years next preceding the F'irst Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Six (not estimating or including in such Inquiry and Aicertainment the Price for the Three Years in which such avejage Price hath been the highest within that Period of Time, but upon the Average of the remaining Eighteen Years of the fame Term; and shall in and by their Award ascertain and set forth what Quantity of such Wheat shall in their Judgment, according to the average Price aforesaid, be equal to the Annual Value of One Fifth of the Arable or Tillage Lands, of One Ninth of the Meadow or Pasture Lands, of One Ninth of the Underwood called Abbot*s Copje, and of One Twelfth of all the other Wood Lands within that Part of the said Parish of Flitwick called Prijley; and of such Compositions, or other Payments as last aforesaid, belonging to each and every Proprietor within that Part of the said Parish called Prijley, according to the Valuation to be made as aforesaid, distinguishing the Quantity of such Wheat in respect of such Homesteads, Gardens, and ancient in-

closed

2JCI

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

inclosed Lands and Grounds belonging to every Proprietor and Farm separately and there shall be issuing &nd payable from Time to Time, for ever, to the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicajs as aforesaid, such several Yearly Rents or Sums of Money out of the respective Homesteads, Gardens, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds belonging to such lait mentioned Proprietors, situate within that Part of the said Parish called Prijley, as shall be equal to the Value of the Quantity of Wheat so to be ascertained and let forth as aforesaid, according to such average Price as shall from Time to Time be ascertained, pursuant to the Directions ol this Act; which laid Rents or Sums of Money shall for ever afterwards, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, be payable and paid to the said John Hawkins, and his Successors V. ar. is aforesaid for the Time being, by equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, for ever, at or upon the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twen»y-fourrh Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December, free and clear from all Parochial and other Taxes,

Rates, and Assessments whatsoever (except the Land-Tax and any Tax upon Property or Income), the first Payment whereof shall grow due and be made on the first of the said Days which shall happen next after the Execution of the said Award, or on such earlier Quarterly Day ot Payment as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing under their Hands direct and appoint and all Tythes, as well Great as Small, and all Compofuions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, arising and growing due and payable from and out of or for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments in that Part of the said Parish called Prijlcy, and all other Tythes payable to the said Vicarage, and all CompoCuiohs, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes payable to the said Vicarage, shall cease and determine on such of the aforesaid Quarterly Days of Payment as shall next precede the Day on which the first Payment of the said Yearly Rents or Sums shall become due and be made payable as aforesaid, and shall be from thenceforth for ever extinguished.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful as well Annual Corn for the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars of the said Parish Rents may of Flitwick for the Time being, as for any one or more of the Owners evc^ifteen and Proprietors of Estates within that Part of the said Parish of Flitwick Years. called Prijlcy, assessed to the Poors Rates at Fifty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, at his or their respective proper Expence, by Writing under his or their respective Hands, to apply at the first or any succeeding Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Bedford, after the Expiration of the Term of Fifteen Years from the Date of the said Award, (having given Notice of such intended Application by Writing to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the said Parish Church for Two Sundays at the least preceding such Application) to have Two Persons appointed by the JustiCwS then and there assembled to be Arbitrators for inquiring into and ascertaining by or from or by Means of the London Gazette, lo long as the Returns of the Average Price of Wheat shall be published chertin; and in case of no such Publication then by such Ways or Means as they shall think equitable or proper, the average Price of a Winchester Bushel of good marketable Wheat within the said County of Bedford for the Fifteen Years preceding the First Day of January then last past; but in case the said Arbitrators shall not agree in Opinion touching the Matters

[lor. & Per.] 30 I fixed

2702 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

fixed aforesaid, then the same shall be fixed and settled by some Person to be by the said Arbitrators, by Writing under their "Hands, appointed Umpire between them, who shall by any such Ways and Means aforesaid make his Determination therein, which laid Arbitrators or Umpire shall, by their or his Report, to be made and delivered to the said Coure of Quarter Se (lions to be held next or next but One after the Appointment of the said Arbitrators or Umpire, set forth such average Price; and in case it shall by such Report appear that such average Price of a Bushel of such Wheat is more or lei’s than the Average Price thereof set forth in the said Award by the Value of Three Pence or upwards, the said respective Yearly Tythe Rents, or Sums of Money, shall be increased or diminished in Proportion, and the exact Amount of the Yearly Rent or Sum to which the same shall severally be so increased or diminished shall be declared by the Order of the said Court; and the fame shall, from the Quarterly Day of Payment preceding such Order, remain and continue ilfuing and payable as aforesaid out of the Lands and Estates charged by the said Award, with such respective Yearly Tythe Rents, or Sums of Money, until the same shall at the End of Fifteen Years then next ensuing be again varied by such Application, and in such Manner as herein-before mentioned, and so from time to time at the Fnd of every Fifteen Years for ever: Provided always, that in case the said Arbitrators or Umpire shall not make such Report as aforesaid within the Time aforesaid, the said Court of Quarter Sessions is hereby authorized and required to make such Orders and take such Proceedings as shall be requisite and necessary for carrying the Intentions of this Act into full Effect.

FnrRecovery

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Vicar, and his Sue* Rents cessors for the Time being, and the respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any such Vicar, shall and may respectively have and exercise such and the fame Powers and Remedies for recovering his or their respective Shares or Proportions of the lame Yearly Rents or Sums, when the same shall respectively be in Arrear, together with the Costs and Charges thereby to be incurred as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are or shall be provided or given to Landlords for Recovery of Rents in Arrear; and that upon the Death, Cession, Resigna-tion, or Removal of every Vicar of the said Parish of Flitwick, a full and proportionate Part of the current Quarterly Payment of his Share or Proportion of the said Yearly Rents or Sums shall be payable to and received and recoverable by such Vicar, his Executors, and Administrators, to the Day of the Death, Cession, Resignation, or Removal of See. of Vi.ar. such Vicar \_as the Caje may be\

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners for the Time being of all or any Parc of the Estates which shall be severally charged with the said Yearly Rents or Sums of Money, upon a Division thereof respectively, either by Sale or otherwise, (except by Lease at Rack Rent) to apportion and charge each and every Part of the Estate or Estates so divided, with a due and fair Proportion of the said Yearly Rents charged thereon re-Ipcdively, having due Regard to the Quantity of Acres therein; and the Power herein-before given and provided for the Recovery of the said Yearly Rents shall continue and remain over the Whole and every or any Part of the Estate and Estates which shall be charged therewith,

until

A proper, tionate Pi of such Rents ro 1

paid of the death.

Corn Rents

may be apportioned 01 J)ivif:on of £ dates-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128. 2^03

until such Division thereof, a".d Apportionment of the said Yearly Rents shall be made known to th said Vicar and his Successors, by Notice in Writing, letting forth the Division of Inch Estate and Estates, and the Yearly Rents to be charged on each Division, which Notice shall be delivered to the said Vicar for the Time being; and until a Duplicate of such Notice shall be delivered to the proper Officer in the Office of the Aichdeacon of Bedford, which Office shall duly record the Duplicate of such Notice (for which a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid), and a Copy of such Duplicate, signed by such Officer, (for which Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid) shall at all Times be deemed and taken to be legal Evidence thereof; and from and after such Notice and a Duplicate thereof shall be delivered as aforesaid, the Power herein-before given and provided for recovering the said Yearly Rents shall no longer extend to the Whole of the said Estate or Estates, but shall alto become apportioned, and shall extend only to each particular Rene so apportioned, and to the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be charged with the Payment thereof upon such Division as aforesaid.

XXVII. And, in order to facilitate the future Collection of the said Schedules of

Yearly Rents or Sums, and to prevent any Difficulty arising by the Di- 10 ,e

vision of any Estate by Sale or otherwise, Br it further enacted, that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made Two complete Schedules or Descriptions of each and every Estate in that Part of the said Parish of blitwick called Priflty, with the Names of the Owner thereof, the exact Measure in Acres, Roods, and Perches, the Yearly Rents or Sums i filling out of each Estate, and the Quantity of Wheat which is to govern each of the said Rents reflectively, and such other Requisites which shall be judged proper and necessary by the said Commissioners to render every Measure respecting the said Yearly Rents clear and plain in future, One of which Schedules or Descriptions shall be annexed to the said Award, and the other shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and depoficed in the Office of the Archdeacon of Bedford.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Proprietor* any Person or Persons being Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the of Lands in Homtfleads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds wijhin that Part of the said Parish of Fiitwick called PriJIey, cornte shall also be Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the Lands and Grounds Rem by intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, and shall be Land* in ihe willing and clclirous to exonerate and discharge his or their laid Home- 0P*ft steads. Gardens, Orchards, and ancient Incloled Lands and Grounds in

Prifiey aforesaid, from the Tythes, Compofrtions, or other Payments payable to the said Jcbn Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, in respect thereof, by a Compensation in Land instead of the said Corn Rent, or partly by a Compensation in Land, and ihe Refi !ue thereof by a Corn Rent, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required at the Request in Writing of any such Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, and with the Consent of the said John Hawkins, or Ins Successors Vicars as aforesaid, to set out and allot unto and for the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, so much or such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds of such Proprietor

2704 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

for or Proprietors to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, as in the Judgment of the said CommiQioners shall be a full and fair Equivalent and Satisfaction for the Tythes, and all Compositions or other Payments for or in lieu of TythCs payable to the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, out of or from the Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds in Prijley aforesaid, of such Proprietor or Proprietors, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of such Tythes, Compositions, or other Payments respectively; or if it shall lo happen that the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or the Parts or Part thereof which any such Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid shall be willing and desirous to apply in the Exoneration and Discharge of the said Tythes, Com-pofuions, or other Payments, shall not in the Opinion of the said Commissioners be a full and fair Equivalent and Satisfaction for such Tythes, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required at such Request, and with such Consent as aforesaid, to fee out and allot unto and for the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, so much of the Lands and Grounds of such Proprietor or Proprietors as he or they shall be desirous to apply for that Purpose in Part Exoneration and Discharge of the Tythes, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, payable to the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall charge the Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds in Prijley aforesaid, of such Proprietor or Proprietors, with such Annual Rate or Money Payment as the said Commissioners shall, together with the Allotment or Allotments to be made in Land as last mentioned, deem to be equal in Value to the Tythes, Compositions, and other Payments, in lieu of Tythes payable to the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, in respect of the said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and inclosed Lands or Grounds in Prijley aforesaid, of the Proprietor of Proprietors making such Request as aforesaid, which said Annual Rate or Money Payment 'shall be paid, payable, and recoverable at such Times and in such Manner, and be under the same Rules, Regulations, Powers, and Provisions in every ' respect as are herein-before laid down, established, and enacted with respect to the Corn Rents by this Act made payable to the said ficar, in respect of the Lands and Grounds in that Pait of the said Parish called Prijley.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said John Carrington, Impropriator as aforesaid, in Trust as aforesaid, and to the said John Hawkins as Vicar as aforesaid, in respect of the Glebe Lands to which they are respectively entitled, and of the Great and Small Tythes, Compositions, and other Payments, in lieu of Tythes, shall respectively be fenced and ditched on all such Sides or Parts thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Commissioners to be made by any other Proprietor or Proprietors with Ring or outermost Fences and Ditches made in a proper and substantial Manner, with young thriving Quicksets, well and lufliciently guarded on each Side thereof, and good and substantial Gates shall be also fixed in such Parts of the said Fences where necessary, and that the Division Fence or Di-▼iflon Fences necessary to be made between the Part or Parts of such

Allotment

Allotments to Impropriator and Vicar to be Ring-fenced.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128. 2705

Allotment or Allotments which shall be adjudged to the said John Carrington, as Impropriator as aforesaid, and the Part or Parts thereof which shall be adjudged to the said Vicar cr his Successors, shall be made in like Manner; and all such Fences, Ditches, and Gates shall be made, raised, and hung by and at the Expence of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall by their Award order and direct; and shall for ever after the same shall be made, raised, and hung as aforesaid, be maintained and kept in Repair by the said John Carrington, his Heirs, and Assigns, Impropriator as aforesaid, and by the said John Hawkins, as Vicar as aforesaid, and his Succdfors, as the said Commissioners shall in like Manner order and direct; and the said Commis- Fencing the sioners shall fetout, appoint, and award such Boundary Hedges, Dicches, and Fences for the dividing and inclosing the several other Allotments ' ‘ol* to be made by virtue of this Act, as they shall deem necessary; and the said Hedges, Ditches, and Fences shall be made, and at all Times thereafter maintained and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of such of the said Proprietors to whom such Fences shall respectively be allotted or directed to belong, withii) such Time, and in such Manner and Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, award, order, direct, or appoint; and the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners in that Behalf shall be binding and conclusive to the Parties so interested in and entitled to such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Objection* Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Shares, Rights, and 5Je^tlloJj’be Interests of the said Proprietors in the Lands and Grounds to be di-

vided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, and also the relpec- by the Com-tive Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such missioners. Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof, and such proposed Allotment or Allotments shall be staked or marked out, they the said Commissioners shall hold a Meeting at some convenient Time and Place, when and where the Proprietors may be informed of such intended Allotments, and fee the Scheme thereof set out and delineated upon a Map to be produced for their Inspection; and if any of the said Proprietors shall upon such Inspection be dissatisfied with any of the proposed Allotments, the said Commissioners shall at such Time and Place as last aforesaid, or at some other Time and Place to be appointed by them for that Purpose, receive Statements in Writing of the Complaints and Objections of any Proprietor or Proprietors against any such Allotments, and shall forthwith, or as loon after as conveniently may be, determine the fame, and such Determination being reduced into Writing, and signed by them, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested in any such Allotment or Allotments.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Lands, and Grounds, which Allotments shall be allotted by virtue of this or the said recited Act, to any Person to be of the or Persons for or in respect of any Meduages; Cottages, Lands, or fame Tenure Grounds, holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for JY* which" or in respect of any Leasehold, Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, they arc al-or for or in respect of any Right of Common or any other Right or Inte- lotted.

rest appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, shall from and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners be deemed and taken to be [Lee. Csf Per.] 30 K Copyhold

2706

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Copyhold or Leasehold, and shall be held as fuel) by and under the fame Tenures, Renfc, Payments, Fines; Customs, and Services as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds respectively, for or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made are now held) and the said Commissioners shall by their said Award determine and describe the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds reflectively, which are to be or remain Copyhold or Leasehold, and all other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, to be allotted by virtue of this Act (save and except such as shall be ascertained by the said Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) shall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents and Services as are now payable out of the respective Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds for or in respect whereof they shall or may be allotted.

Commit-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath fold or contracted, or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution chafers. " of the Award of the said Commissioners, fell, or contract, or agree to fell his or her Right, Interest, or Property, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclo ed by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby directed, authorized, and required, to make an Allotment or Allotments unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, and to his or her Heirs or Assigns for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid i and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in,case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments, and such Award as aforesaid.

Right, of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately C. mmon to after the Execution of the said Award, or at such other Time or Times cease. as -^e said Commissioners shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Flilwiek aforesaid, on some Sunday for that Purpose, limit or appoint, all Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights and Interests whatsoever, in, over, and upon the Lands, Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands to be divided, allotted, and indofed by virtue of this Act, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished; any Usage or Cullom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Fences to be made where Sheep are kept in the inclosures.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs shall be turned or kept in any Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons so turning in or keeping the same shall first at his, her, or their own Expence make and maintain a Fence sufficient to guard the young Quick Fences

round

2

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

round such Allotment or Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by such Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, whether such Quick Fences be planted or let by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto, and the Person or Persons who shall turn such Sheep or Lambs into any of the said Allotments, without having first: well and suffi-ciencly guarded all such Quick Fences as aforesaid, shall pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as shall be adjudged and determined by any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Bedford, not interested therein, the same to be recovered and levied in the same Manner as is herein directed respecting the Penalty for the cutting of Turf.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for To prev any Person or Persons whomsoever, from and after the passing of this cutting Act, to cur, dig, pare, or carry away any Turf, Sod, Furze, or Fuel, &c* in, upon, or from the said Commonable Lands, Common Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said Commissioners in Writing under their Hands first: had and obtained (which Licence the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions as they shall think proper); and if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, or carry away any Turf, Sod, Furze, or Fuel, in, upon, or from any Part of the said Commonable Lands, Common Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, without such Licence as aforesaid, or having obtained such Licence shall act in any Manner contrary thereto, or to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions therein contained, every such Person being convicted thereof (either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wic-nesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Bedford, not being interested in the said Commonable Lands, Common Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized to administer, and to summon the Person or Persons complained of, and also to summon before him and examine such Witness or Witnesses relative to the said Complaint), shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum of Money as the said Justice shall direct, not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the said Penalty to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person offending (Demand thereof having been first made) rendering the Overplus (if any) alter deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels when required; and such Penalty when paid or levied, shall be applied by the said Commissioners to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, anJ such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful lor such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County o (Bedford, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding

2708 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 12$.

ing Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and all reasonable Charges shall be looner paid and satisfied.

For making

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Exchanges. fal(j Commissioners to fee out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish of Flitwick, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which Hull be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or aTenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtely of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or otherlflcs, Hufb mds, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as a(ore-said, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, tuch Corifenr to be certified in Writting under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively i and all and every Exchange and Exchanges to to be made shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpo-fes whatsoever; provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapelj.or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent certified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be rttuate.

Coyrfeof

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, that the said Commissioner*

Hufikineij. pjaij as soon after t(-,e passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the Parish Church of Flitwick aforesaid, on some Sunday, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used and followed, in over and upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said intended Division and Allotments, as well with respect to the laying down, ploughing, sowing of Grass Seeds, fallowing and tilling thereof, as to the flocking and eating the Fallows or Stubbles, and also to the cutting of Furze, Thorns, Buihes, Peat or Moor Turf, upon the said Lands and Grounds, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed as aforesaid, make such further Orders, Directions, and Regulations touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, for preventing them from committing Wade thereon or upon any Part thereof, until the executing of the Award of the said V-ommissioners as to them shall seem expedient; all which Orders,

Directions,

2709

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 12S.

Directions, and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties concerned; and that the said . Commissioners shall fee and impose, such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures on every Person not conforming to such Orders, Directions, and Regulations, as they shall think necessary, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, which Penalties shall be proceeded for and applied in like Manner as the Penalty cr Penalties for cutting Turf is and are herein-before directed to be proceeded for and applied; and the said Commissioners shall also settle and determine what additional Rent shall be paid in respect of such Lands and the Tythes thereof Vespectively, as shall in the Season immediately preceding the passing of this Act be, cropped, otherwise than in the customary Way, or contrary to any subsisting Agreement, such additional Rent to be paid and payable at the same Time, and in the same Manner as the original Kent.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commission-shall and may fcotir and widen all ancient Brooks, Ditches, Drains, ers to make Watercourses, Tunnels, and Bridges in the said Parish of Flitwick and Drains* &c* and also shall and may set out such new Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through,

and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as also in, over, and through any ancient Inclosures or other Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Flitwick aforesaid, of such Breadth and Depth, and in such Directions as the said Commissioners shall think proper, making a Compensation for the fame; and the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby directed, in and by their said Award, to order and direct by whom, at whose Expence, at whac Time, and in what Manner, the said Brooks, Ditches,

Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges shall be made, and thereafter cleansed, scoured, and maintained.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power ro said Commissioners, at any Time previous to the Execution of their vacate Leases Award, in all Cafes where they in their Discretion shall deem it ne-

cefTary or expedient for the due Execution of this Act, by any Writing or Writtings under their Hands, to determine or make void all or any of the Leases or Agreements for Leases at Rack Rent, cr from Year to Year then subsisting, of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or which shall be exchanged by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and of all other Lands and Hereditaments demised or agreed to be demised by or comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, either as to the Whole, or as to feme Part or Parts only of the said Hereditaments comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, and at such Time or Times in the Year as the said Commissioners shall think most convenient and expedient, according to the Circumstances of the Cafe, and in all Cafes where any such Leases or Agreements shall be determined as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and determine whether any and whac Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, or any and whac Deduction or Abatement in the reserved Rent or Rents shall be made by the Lcffors or Landlords to the Lessees or Tenants, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for such total or partial Determination of their respective Leases [Lee. Per.] 30 L or

2710

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

or Agreements i and such reduced Rents so ascertained and declared as afoi'esaid shall respectively become payable and commence at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoinc, and shall be recovered in like M inner as the original Rent reserved by such Lea'e or Agreement would have been by Law recoverable; and in all Ca.es where any gross Sum or Sums of Money shall by the said Commissioners be ascertained as a Compensation to be paid by any . Leflor or Landlord for determining such Lease or Agreement, the same shall be actually paid by such Leffbr or Landlord before he or she is put into Possession of the respective Lands and Hereditaments comprised in such Lease or Agreement, or of the Allotment or Allotments in lieu thereof, or any Part thereof; and in all Cafes where such subsiding Leases or Agreements shall continue in Force, as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments therein comprised, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to ascertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents shall be paid by the Lessees or Tenants to the Lessors or Landlords, for or in respect of any Improvement in the Annual Value of the Hereditaments comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, by reafoi of the lame being exonerated from Tythes, and exchinged respectively, or by the Lands and Grounds being divided and inclosed by virtue of this Acc; and such additional Rents so ascertained and declared as last afore-Lid, shall commence at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and shall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had not been passed; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to settle, ascertain, and determine the Course of Husbandry to be used by such Lessees or Tenants during the Remainder of the subsistingLeafes and Agreements, in all Cafes where they shall deem it neeflary and proper so to do-, and such Course of Husbandry shall from and after the same shall be so settled, ascertained, and determined, be used and followed by such Lessees and Tenants during the Remainder of such Leases or Agreements: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease or Leases of Lands, Parc of which shall lie in the Parish of Flitwick aforesaid, and Part in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting may and shall be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease, and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish, the Lea!e of such last-mentioned Lands shall not be vacated.

Act not to vacate the Agreement between the Duke of Bert ford and the Vicir.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enaetd. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to vacate or make void the Agreement under which the said John Duke of Bedford now holds of the said John Hawkins the Tythes of the Lands and Hereditaments of him the said Duke in that Part of the said Parish of Flit wick called Prijlcy, but that the lame shall, with respect to the Tythes comprised in such Agreement, and any Corn Rent which shall become payable by virtue of this Act in lieu thereof, or any Compensation in Land in respect of such Tythes, be of the fame Force and Effect as the fame Agreement was of at the Time of the passing of this Act.

Satisfaction

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall }° a' Tde ant* they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Crop!. S Writings

4.6" GEORGII III. Cap. 128. 2711

Writings under their Hands, to direct, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or.

Owners of any Crops growing upon the Lands' and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allorted, and authorized to be exchanged as aforesaid, at the Time such Divisions and Allotments and Exchanges shall be made and take place, for the said Crops, by the Person or Per-1‘ons to whom the Lands and Grounds on which such Crops are growing shall be allotted or given in Exchange, unless such Owner or Owners shall within the Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, declare his, her, or their Intention to cut, reap, and carry away the fame; and in Case of Non-payment of such Recompence and Satisfaction for such Crops at the Time and in the-Manner to be directed by the said Commissioners, or in Case of such

Election to cut, reap, and carry away the fame, then it shall and may be lawful for such Owner and Owners, and his, her, and their Agents,

Servants, and Workmen, with Horses, Carts, and Carriages, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon such Crops shall be growing, and to cut, reap, and carry away the fame for his, her, and their own Use; and the said Commissioners shall also and they are hereby authorised and empowered to ascertain, order, and appoint, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and to whom, for the Standage of such Crops, by the Owner or Owners electing to carry away the same as aforesaid, and also what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and by wlyam, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land within the said Parish of Flitwick, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of any of the Lands or Grounds which shall be allotted and divided by virtue of this Act, for the Benefit and Advantage accruing the reby to the Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Grounds shall be allotted, as for any Loss or Disadvantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers shall or may sustain by the Loss of their following or Waygoing Crops upon the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided and allotted; and if in any or either of the said Cafes the Money to be paid for such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be paid at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to raise and levy the same for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be raised and levied.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said wills and recited Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, Settlements make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any n£lJ°.be Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Por- a e e<1‘ tion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this or the said recited Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but that each and every Pre-prietor shall Hand and be seised of the several Messuages, Tenements,

Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses,

27 12

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 12$.

and for such and the fame Estates, and subjc-fct to such and the fame Wills, Settlement?, powers, Jointures, Pprtions, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrance^, and no other, as the , MdTuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments whereof such Proprietors were Lei Jed or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which or in respect whereof such Aliotmeqts or Exchanges shall be made would have been fpbject to be charged with Or affected by in cale this Act had not been passed.

Land may be deducted from Al.turner is for Expciicts j

*od may be allotted to Persons paying such Expences.

XL1TI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Request of any of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided* allotted, ‘and inclohd, or of any Common or other Right or Interest therein, whether faled in Fee, or bping Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or for any Number of Years, determinable on a Life or on! Lives, or for any other determinable E/late or Interest, or at the Request of the respective Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Agents, or Attornies of or for any such Owners, or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, qr for the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Agents, or Attornies, or of the Trustees for any charitable or public Uses, or the major Part of them respectively, to deduct from the Value and Amount of the Allotment or respective Allotments of such Owner or Owners, by whom or on whose Rehalf such Request shall be made as aforesaid, so much shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal to the Share and Proportion, or respective Shares and Proportions, of the Person or Persons by or on whole Behalf any such Request shall be made* of the Charges and Expences of passing this Act, and of cajrying the fame into Execution j and ro allot and divide the Land and Value lb deducted to and amongst such of the Owners and Proprietors as shall by the said Commissioners be charged with, and shall pay. such Charges and Expences in Proportion to the Sums they shall respectively pay or contribute thereto.

XLIV. Provided alo, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, upon any such Request as aforesaid, and upon Payment by the Person or Persons making such Request of his, her, or ihcir full Proportion of such Colls and Expences, to allot to the Person or Persons respectively by whom or in whose Behalf such Request and Payment shall be made, his, her, or their Heirs and A'ffigns, the L.and which shall have been so deducced; and the Person or Persons respectively to whom any such Allotments shall be made and awarded shall be and become seised thereof for an absolute Estate in Fee Simple, freed and discharged from all former Titles, Charges, and Incumbrances; provided that every such Request as aforesaid shall be mad? in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioners at one of the Meetings for carrying this Act into Execution, to be holden previovfly to their allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed.

Aw?ri3 to be inroll*d and deputed in the Chutch.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be tnade by the said Comtr.issioners in Manner directed by the said recited Act

Hull,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128. 2713

shall, after the same shall be enrolled as directed by the said recited Act, be depoficed in a Tin Box in the Parish Church of Flitwick aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Ex- For Wefray-pences of forming, making, and completing the public Roads, Ways, iagCofband and Drains which shall be fetout and appointed by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of inclosing and andexecut-Ring-fencing any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to the ing of this Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Flit- A* wick for the Time being, as herein-before directed, to the said Impropriator and Vicar respectively, for and in respect of their respective Glebe Lands and Tythes as aforesaid, and to the Vicar, Churchwardens,_ and Overseers of the Poorof the said Parish for the Time being, inTruft" as aforesaid, and all the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasur-ing, planning, valuring, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid of the said Commissioners, and all other necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences of the several Persons employed by them in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all other Expences of carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by all the Proprietors, and Owners of Estates, divided, allotted, and inclosed, or exonerated from Tythes, by virtue of this Act (save and except the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of the said Highways, the said John Carrington and his Heirs, Impropriators, in Trust as aforesaid, and the said John Hawkins, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, for and in respect of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to them respectively as aforesaid, and the said Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments herein-before directed to be made to them for the Purposes aforesaid) in such Shares and Proportions, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, either previous to or after the Execution of their said Award, order, direct, and appoint; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time and as often as they shall deem it necessary and proper, to make and form Estimates of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and to raise the Amouot of such Estimates by a Rate or Rates accordingly} and in case any such Proprietors shall refuseor neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case the same shall and may be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Acr.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the For making said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, Partitions. Upon the Request in Writing cf any Proprietor of Meflhages, Lands, or Hereditaments in the said Parish of Flitwick, who is seised t creof or entitled thereto in Joint Tenancy, or as Coparcener, or Tenant in Common, ro make Partition and Division of the Messuages, Lands,

[Lee. & Fcr.J jo M Hercdi-

2714

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Hereditaments, and Allotment or Allotments To to be made by virtue of this Act, to such of the Owners or Proprietors who shall be entitled to the same as Joint Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and to allot the fame accordingly to such Owners and Proprietors in Severalty j and from and immediately after the said Allotrm nt or Allotments shall be so made and declared the lame shall be holden and enjoyed by the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall be allotted in Severalty, in such and the same Manner, and subject to such and the lame Ul'cs, as the undivided Parts or Shares of such hftates would have been held in case such Partition and Dirifion had not been

made*

Exch»nCC*s°f

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and and pVni- Expences attending the malting and completing any Exchanges or cions to be Partitions by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid and

paid by the borne by the fyveral Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners snail order and direct, and the same shall and may be levied and recovered in Manner herein-before directed or referred to for Recovery of the Cosh, Charges, and Expences of executing this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Proprietors, ihtir Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall be advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining or carrying this Act into Execution shall be repaid with Incereft, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to such Person or Persons out of the first Monies to be raised under and by virtue of this Act.

Accounts to E.I. And be it further enacted, That once in each and every Year be laid before during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed from the Magistrate. passing of this Act, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act, and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Bedford, not interested in the said Inclosure, to be examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices stated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the raid Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

Appeals.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said

Com-

Propr? tors and Agen s co pay iheir *>»" Expences.

Interest to be paid for Money advanced.

I

27*5

or

oft

in

he

M

5«1

Mi

or

ui

onj,

m

ICO.

of

)rj,

hey

heir

2&

re*

iff

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Commissioners are hereby or by the said recited Act directed to be final, binding, or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Issue at Law is herein-before directed to be tried) such Person or Persons may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the Paid County of Bedford, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned.

Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and the Matter thereof, and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as they shall think reasonable, and by their Order to Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Party and Parties liable to pay the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattles, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whutfo-ever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

L.III. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Saving. Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments or other Compensation shall be made in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them) all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act had not been made.

LIV. And be it further enacted, that this Act shall be printed by Declaring the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof. Act Public, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges,

Justices, and others.

ft

if

a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

, ' ' -311 Vf. ' - /V .-‘A I 1 :\oi ii&

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 129.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Everjbolt, in the County of Bedford.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Everjbolt, in the County of Bedford^ divers Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Waite, and other Commonable Lands, containing One hundred and Thirty ..Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the Most Noble John Duke ol Bedford is Lord of the Manor of Everjbolt, and as such is or claims to be entitled to the Right of Soil of and in the said Waite and Commonable Lands: And whereas the Right Honourable Anna Maria Baroness Sandys, Widow, is seised of the Rectory and Advowson of the Parish Church of Everjbolt aforesaid, and of the Right of Patronage and Presentation of, in, and to the fame, and John Sandyst Clerk, is Rector of the said Rectory and Parish Church of EverJfjolt aforesaid, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, Parcel of the said Open and Common Fields and Common Meadows, and has or claims :o have certain Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights and Interests in, over, and upon the fame, and in, over, and upon the said Waste and other Commonable Lands:

And whereas the said John Duke of Bedford, Dame Elizabeth Monoux Widow, and the Feoffees of certain Charity Lflates in the said Parish, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of or otherwise interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Waste, and other Commonable Lands, and are or claim to be also entitled to certain Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights and lntcrefts in, over, and upon the fame: And whereas the Owners and Cottages. [Xer- 6? Per.] 30 N Proprietors

2718

Act 41 Geo. III.

Benefit of Inclosure.

Appoint-

mentofCoro-

milTioner.

Appointment of new' Commis-Uoner.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

Proprietors of certain ancient Cottages in the Paid Parish of Evcrjbolt, are or claim to be entitled to certain Rights of Common, in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Wade, and other Commonable Lands: And whereas an Act was paired in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inferred " in Acts of inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the " several Facts usually required on the patting of such Acts:" And whereas the Property of the said several Owners and Proprietors of and in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waite, and other Commonable Lands, lies intermixed and dispersed in small Pieces, and in its present State is incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it will be very beneficial to such Owners and Proprietors, and to the several Persons entitled to Rights ot Common and other Commonable Rights as aioreifoid, ifMhe laid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the said several Owners and Proprietors, and tuber Persons ioterested therein, according and in Proportion to tl^ejr respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, £nd if such Allotments were conveniently laid together and inclosed: But as such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste, ?w*d other Commonable Lands within the said Parilji, shall be divided, allotted and inclosed; and that John Fellowes of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham Gentleman, and his Successors, co be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby appointed Commissioners for valuing, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, and for potting this and the said recited Act in Execution, in Manner, and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions hereinafter contained, and also subject to the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations of the said recited Act (except where the same are hereby varied or altered.)

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioner hereby appointed, or who shall be elected as hereinafter mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in him or them respectively vested, die, or refule or become incapable to act, or without some lawful Cause neglect to attend a Meeting for putting this Act in Execution, for the bpace of One Calendar Month next after Notice shall have been left at his Dwelling House, from any Person interested in the said Inclosure, requiring him to attend as a Commissioner, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the major Pert in Value of the several Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, for the Time bring, or their Agents OrjAttornies attending at a Meeting, to be appointed for that Purpose in Manner hereinafter mentioned, within One Calendar Month next after the Death, Refusa), Incapacity, or Neglect of such Commissioner fto act as aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint

27‘"9

46° GEORGII I'M. Cap. 129.

appoint any other Person, not interested in the Paid intended Division and Inclosure, in the (lead and place of the Paid Commissioner so dying, refusing, being incapacitated, or neglecting to act as aforesaid, provided that Notice be given of the Time and Place of Meeting for choosing such Commissioner, at lead Twelve Days before such Meeting shall be held j but if the said Owners and Proprietors shall not, within the Time aforesaid, appoint a Commissioner in the dead and place of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, being incapacitated, or neglecting to act as aforesaid, then and.in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Duke of Bedford and his Heirs, by Writing under his and their Hand or Hands, to appoint such Commissioner, at such Time as to him or them shall seem proper; and every such Commissioner, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like Power and Authority in all Respects as if he had been named a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall be Commis-raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act,

there shall be ppid to the Commissioner hereby appointed and to be iowance. appointed as aforesaid, and to the Clerk to the said Commissioner respectively, as a Recompence for their Pains and Trouble therein, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for each Day they shall be respectively employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending any Meeting or adjourned Meeting, or otherwffc, for the Execution of this Act; and that the said Commissioner and Clerk shall defray their Travelling Expences, Jand also their own Expences, at all such Meetings and adjourned Meetings as aforesaid; and that there shall be paid to the Surveyor to be appointed by the said Commissioner, such Sumor Sums of Money as the said Commissioner shall consider to be just and reasonable, for his Pains, Trouble, and Expences in the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it-further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Notice oP cause Notice to be given of the Time and Place of his fr.ft and every tendances other Sitting or Attendance for executing the Powers hereby and by the

laid recited Act vested in him, at leaf! Ten Days before such Sittings or Attendances respectively (Sittings or Attendances by Adjournment only excepted); and that the said Commissioner may adjourn any such Sitting or Attendance from Time to Time and from Place to Place, within Eight Miles of the said Parish of EverJholty as he shall see Occasion, for the further Execution of this and the said recited Act j and in case Adjourn-the said Commissioner shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed neat of for any Sitting or Attendance, or to which any such Sitting or Attendance a,tt,n5s or shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the said Commis- t>CC ance*' fioner to adjourn the same to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of the Adjournment, and to be held at the same Place; of which Adjournment such Clerk shall give Notice to the said Commissioner.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Notices necessary or requisite Notices how to be given in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall be affixed w be given, on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of EverJholty or in-

lerted in the Newspaper called ‘The Northampton Mercury, or in

v some

2720

Commissioner to de* termine Dif-putes.

Not to determine Titles.

Commissioner may award Colls.

Power to Parians dif-satisfied with the Deter*

miration of the Commissioner to try their Rights at Law.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. iig.

fotttc other Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Parish.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested in or claiming to be inre-refled in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, touching or concerning the several Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have, in, over, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, or upon the Hearing of any such Dispute or Difference as aforesaid, fee cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for him and he is hereby impowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall chink reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons against whom any such Determination shall be madej and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby required and authorized, by Warrant under his Hand directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Charges to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the lame, rendering upon Demand the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising from any such Sale, after deducting the Costs and Expences attending such Dif-trels and Sale, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, and shall be defircus of having such Claim or Claims, Rights, and Interests respectively, tried at Law, the Person or Persons lo desirous to have the fame tried at Law, shall, by themselves or their respective Agents or Attornies, give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioner, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commissioner (of which Notice the said Commissioner is hereby required, immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Informant tQ the adverle Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective

12721

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

respective Agents or Attornies, by Writing under his Handj to be delivered to or left at the usual or lafi: Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Agents or Attornies reflectively) then, but not afterwards, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs or Assigns, to proceed to a Trial at Law for the fame, at the next Assizes to be holden for the said County of Bedford after such Notice given as aforesaid, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their respective Heirs,

Successors, or Assigns, giving such Notice as aforesaid, against the Party-in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined (such J(Tue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be commenced, if the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions, shall be final and conclusive to all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate whomsoever; and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been, obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required co conform thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action to be commenced in pursuance of this Act, shall be depending, upon sufficient Gause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action, or to order a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded i Provided also, that all such Determinations of the said Commissioner as shall not be objected to, or being so objected to, and the dissatisfied Parties respectively not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be absolutely binding, final, and conclusive.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Action or Actions shall A Sion i not

not abate by reason of the Death of any of the Parties therein, but shall ,0 by be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened. Pea°h of *h*

Parties.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Boundary Commissioner, with the Content in Writing under the Hand of Hands Fences of of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, o: any Manor or Manors ad- f*ai joining to the said Parish of Everjholt, and of the Owner or Owners c orle,ltl14 of the Lands upon which any such Boundary Fence or Fences, as next hereinafter mentioned, shall or may be in'end^d to be made, in order

ro shorten and make regular the Boundary Fences between the said Parish of Everjhoit and any adjoining Parish or Parishes, to set out, ascertain, and determine, and to raise and make, in fuefi Lines as he shall think proper and convenient, the Boundary Fence or Fenc es to be made between the said Pan Hi of EverJJjdf and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; and after such Boundaries shall be so made, set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the lame shall be fenced, and such Fence or Fences made and kept in Repair, in such Manner, and by such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioner ihdl order and direct, and , [J.cc, i? Per ] ;o O shall

27*2 460GIiORGIl III. Cap. 129.

shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of Everjbolt and such adjoining Parish or Parishes, any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and a De-ltription of the Boundaries to be made, set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, shall be inferred in the Award of the said Commissioner.

Old Road*

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said may be flop- Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and impowered, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Junices of the Peace acting in and for the Division wherein the said Parish of Everjkclt is fuuate, and not interclled in the Repair of any such Road as next hereinafter mentioned, to divert, turn, or (top up any old or accustomed Road (not being a Turnpike Road) lying or being in, or passing or leading through any Part of the said Parish, and such Order’ shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in like Manner, and under the lame Forms and Rcfirictions, as’if the fame had been originally made by such Justices; and that the Roads or Ways which Thai 1 be I'o flopped up, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act.

Old Roads

XII. And be it further enacted, That none of the present public not to be (hot Roads over the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and in-up until new cJofed as aforesaid, shall be shut up or discontinued, until the said Com-ade.31* missioner shall have cauftd the public Roads to he fee out, and until the same shall be properly formed and made safe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

Encroach-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at merit*. any Xjme within Twenty Years now lafi: pad have been made upon the Wade and Commonable Lands within the said Parish of Everjholt, shall be deemed Parc thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly j and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise touching any such Encroachments or the Extent thereof, such Difference or Dispute shall be determined by the said Commissioner; and that all Encroachments which have been made upon the said Walit and Commonable Lands for upwards of Twenty Years, shall from henceforth be considered to be Freehold, but shall not in any Case be entitled to any Rights of Common or other Commonable Rights or Inrerells whatlo-ever, upon or over any Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Acr.

XIV. And be it further enacted, that such Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Evsrjholt, as have been already inclosed or fenced by the Proprietors thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be old Inclosures; and that where any such Inclosure shall belong to Two or more distinct Proprietors, the lefier Proportion or Proportions in Quantity thereof shall be allotted by the said Commissioners to the Proprietor to whom the greater Proportion in Quantity thereof shall belong, provided that such Proprietor thereof shall have other Lands to make Compensation far the fame, in which Cafe the said Commissioner shall allot other La/ids of such Proprietor to the other Party or Parties in-Krcfted in such frfdofure, of equal Value to his, her, or their Proportion

Lands already inclosed to be deemed old Inclosure*, and where such Inclc-sures shall be. long 10 1*0 or more Proprietors, the

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

lion or Proportions therein (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) in lieu of and as a full Compensation for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Comrr.i(Tinner shall and he is hereby required (if he shall think it necessary) to lec out and allot unto the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, of the Highways within the said Parish of Eveyjholt, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed.by virtue of this Act, as he shall think proper, with convenient Road or Roads to and from the same, to be u!ed for the Purpose of getting Stones, Gravel, or other Materials^for making and repairing the public and private Roads and Ways within the said Parish of Everjhclt, and for such other Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioner shall in and by his Award direct} and the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon such Allotment or Allotments, shall be veiled in such Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, and shall be let by him or them for the best Rent that can be procured for the lame} and such Rent shall be applied by him or them in repairing the public Roads and Ways within the said Parish; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall account to the Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, touching the Application of such Rent, Annually, at such Day and Time as shall be appointed for passing the Accouncs of such Surveyor or Surveyors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to set out and allot unco and for the said John Sandys and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be, a full Equivalent and Compen'acion for the Glebe Lands lying within the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waite, and other Commonable Lands, and for all Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights belonging to the said Rector, in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and in-doled, or any Part thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said John Sandys as Rector as aforesaid, shall be laid as near as conveniently can be to the other Glebe Lands of the said Rectory, and shall be fenced and ditched on all such Sides or Parts thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Commissioner to be made by any other Proprietor or Proprietors, with Ring cr outermost Fences and Ditches, made in a proper and substantial Manner, with young thriving Quicksets, well and (efficiently guarded on each Side thereof, and good and iubllantial Gates shall be alto fixed in such Parts of the said Fences where necessary; and all such Fences, Ditches, and Gates* shall be made, raised,.and hung, by and at the Expence of the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue lids Act, (save and except the Surveyor or Surveyors of the 1 iighways of the said Parish, for or in relpecc of the Allotment or Allotments herein-before directed to be made to him or them for the Purposes aforesaid, and the said John Sandys and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, in respect of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to him or them) in such Proportion as the said Commissioner shall appoint} and the said

Fences*

27

the gre2t<*-Propricto;

AHctmrr

for Stor>< - u Gravel Piii.

AllounenrJl for Glee.<? Lands.

AlIotm°nfa for Gleb. 1; be Ring fenced.

2724 GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

Fences, when properly raised, shall be thereafter forever maintained* supported, and kept in Repair, by and at the Expence of the said John-Sandy s and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid.

Ssvlugof

XVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall Tyflies." in any wise prejudice, lefien, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said John Sandys or his Successors, Incumbents of the said Rectory and Advowson for the Time being of, in, or ro the Great or Small Tythes arising, renewing, or increasing, or which shall hereafter arise, repew, or increase upon or within the said Parish or any Part thereof*

Allotments X!X. And be it' further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall for Manerul ^rid he is heteby required ;to set out and allot unro and for the said Rigijvj. John Duke of Bedford, Lord of the Manor of Evcrjholt aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgment the said Commissioner shall be equal in Value to One-twentieth Part of the said Waste Lands-, and such Allotment or Allotments shall be in lieu, and full Bar of and Compensation for all Rights of Soil in such Commons and Waste Lands.

Ail ment

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall' of the Refi- set out and alloc all the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto, between, and amongst the several Proprietors of the fame, and Persons interested therein, in Proportion and according to their several and respective Shares, Incerefts, Rights of Common, and other Rights.

Common

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case there are any Corn-Greens and mon Greens or Waste Lands in the said Parish of Everfholt, which cannot, w*i\e Lands in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be divided and inclosed to Cafesma Advantage of the Proprietors of Estates in the said Parish of Evcrjholt,

remainunm- or of f°mc one or m0rc of them whose Estate or Estates may adjoin tlofed, such Common Greens qr Waste Lands, then and in either of the said Cafes such Common Grtens and Waste Lands, may remain and continue undivided and uninclosed; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner to allot and assign the Herbage of such Common Greens and Waste Lands, to such one or more of the said Proprietors as the said Commissioner shall think proper, towards Satisfaction of the Right and Interest, or Rights and Interests\ of such Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, or upon such Proprietor or Proprietors making such Compensation lor the said Herbage as the said Commissioner shall direct, and the said Herbage shall be used and enjoyed in the Manner (and in case the same shall be allotted to more than one Proprietor) in the Sha.es and Proportions, and shall be (locked wirh such Kinds and Number of Cactie, and shall be under and subject to fufch Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioner shall in and by his Award direct and appoint \ and the Soil of the said last-mentioned Common Greens and Waste Lands, shall be and remain vested in the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Evtrjholt.

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 129. *725

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Ovid Obj?aionsto Commissioner shall have ascertaioed the respective Shares, Rights, and Inrerefts of the said Proprietors in the Lands and Grounds to be divided* and allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, and also the respective mined bythq Shares and Proportions of such Lands and Grounds proposed and in- Commission-tended to be allotted to loch Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof, eM*

and such proposed Allotments shall be flaked or marked out, the said Commissioner shall hold a Sitting at some convenient Time and Place* when and where the Proprietors may be informed of such proposed All lotments, and fee the Scheme thereof fee out and delineated upon a Map to be produced for their Inspection; and if any of the said Proprietors shall, upon such Inspection, be dissatisfied with any of the proposed Allotments, the said Commissioner shall, at such Time and Place as last aforesaid, or at some other Time and Place to be appointed by him for that Purpose, receive Statements, in Writing, of the Ob*

Sections cf any Proprietor or Proprietors against any such Allotment or Allotments, and shall forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may be, determine the fame; and such Determination shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested in any such Allotment or Allotments.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Formak;ng Commissioner to let out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Exchange*. Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Everjbolt, in lieu

of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Plamlec, Township, or Place j provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, Specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years whereof One Hundred at lead shall be unexpired, or with the Conllntof the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other UIts, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants,

Femes Coverr, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for them/clves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively } and all and every Exchange and Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, heli in Right of any Church,

Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the I ord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall lie and be situate.

30 P

ILot. fc? Per.']

5726 4* GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

Expfnce! of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and Partition'*" ^xpences attending the making and completing of any Exchanges or whom to b« Partitions to be made under or by virtue of the said recited Act or paid. this Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons

making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner, and in such Shares and Proportions, as the said Commissioner shall by his Award order or direct; and the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, are by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act to be levied and recovered.

Linds allot-

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Lands ud, to ancj (Jrounds, and other Hereditaments which shall be allotted by a"' virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall, from and immediately Landsinlieu after the Completion of such Allotments, be, remain, and endure to ef which they and for fitch and the same Uses, Estates, Trusts, Intents, and Pur-lotted"1' P°fes> and be held under and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Powers, Remainders, Leases (except Leases at Rack Rent) Charges, Tenures, Rents, Annuities, Customs, Services, and Incumbrances, as the several and respective Lands, Grounds, and other Hereditaments, for which such allotted Lands, Grounds, and other Hereditaments shall be made now are, or might or would have been subject or liable to, or charged with or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

Commiifioi-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if after the passing of this cr to allot to Act, and before the Execution of the said Award, any Person or Prr-Purchas'er:. fons (},]] ft-jj^ ancj by proper Deeds make over his, her, or their Rights, Interests, or Property, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and indofed, by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby required to make an Allotment or Allotments unto the Vendee or Purchaser, or Vendees or Purchasers, and to his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of such Right, Interclf, or Property Co sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Vendees, Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may hold and enjoy the Land so allotted to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale mighr, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale had not been made.

Award to be

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by deposited in the said Commissioner in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall, the Church. afKr t|,e lnro)mt;nt thereof, be deposited in a Tin Eox in the Parish Church of Everjholt aforesaid.

MowCoftiof

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, fcotiining and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of indexccuting this Act, and of forming, making, and completing the public Roads, this Act to b< Ways, and Drains which shall be set out and appointed by virtue of c ra),c ‘ this or the said recited Act, and of surveying, adttteafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be-divided, allotted, and indofed, by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and

inrolling

4.6° GEORGII Ilf. (Hap. 129. 6f%1

Inrolling the said Award, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expericei of the said Commissioner and his Afliftaiits, and all other necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences of the several Persons employed by him in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, (favc and except the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of the said Highways, for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments herein-before directed to be made to him or them for the Purposes aforesaid, and the said John Sandys and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to him or them as aforesaid) in such Shares and Proportions, by such one or more Rate or Rates, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such time or times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioner shall, in and by his said Award or by any other Writing or Writings under his Hand, either previous to or after the Execution of his said Award, order, direct an^ appoint; and in case any such Proprietors or Owners shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions, of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Calc the same shall and may be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Act*

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall Interefliobe be advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the paid for Ma-Expences of obtaining or carrying this Act into Execution, shall be rc- "e/advanc-paid, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent ion per Annum,

to Inch Person or Persons, out of the first Monies to be raised under and by virtue of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner coorfeof shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as he shall think it necef- Hufbindry. fary to to do, by Writing or Writings under his Hand, to be affixed

on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Everjholt aforesaid, on some Sunday, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, until the Time when he shall have made and completed the said intended Division and Allotments, as well with respect to the laying down, ploughing, lowing of Grals Seeds, fallowing and tilling thereof, as to the Hocking and eating the Fallows and Stubbles, and also to the cutting of Furze, Thorns, and Bushes, upon the said Lands and Grounds; and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under his Hand, to be aftixed as aforesaid, make such further Orders, Directions, and Regulations, touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Occupiers of the isaid Lands and Grounds, with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and for preventing them from committing Walk thereon, or upon any Part thereof, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commis-4oner, as to him shall seem expedient, all which Orders, Directions, and Regulations, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties concerned; and that the said Commissiorter shall let and impose such pe-

cuniary Penalties and Forfeitures on every Person not conforming to

2723 46° GEORGII III. CaP- I294

such Orders, Directions, and Regulations, as he shall think necessary, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any One Offenc?; and the said Commissioner shall also settle and determine what additional Rene shall be paid in respect of such Lands, as shall, in the Season immediately preceding the passing of this Act, be cropped otherwise than in the customary Way, or contrary to any subsisting Agreement, such additional Rent to be paid and payable at the same Time, and recoverable in the same Manner as the original Rent.

Lease! at Rack Rent

may be made void.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, at any Time previous to the Execution of his laid Award, in all Cafes where he in his Dil'cretion shall deem it necessary or expedient for the due Execution of this Act, by any Wnting or Writings under his Hand, to determine and make void all or any of the Leases or Agreements for Leases at Rack Rent then fubfuling of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, or which shall be exchanged by virtue of this or the said recited Act, either as to the Whole or as to some Part or Parts ordy of the said Lands and Hereditaments comprized in such Leases and Agreements, and at such Time or Times in the Year as the said Commissioner shall think most expedient, according to the Circumstances of the Cafe; and in all Cafes where any such Leases or Agreements shall be determined as aforesaid, the said Commissioner shall ascertain whether any and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, or any and what Deduction or Abatement in the reserved Rent or Rents shall be made, by the Lessors or Landlords to the Lessees or Tenants, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for such total or partial Determination of their respective Leases or Agreements j and such reduced Rents, so ascertained and declared as aforesaid, shall respectively become payable and commence at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioner shall direct or appoint, and shall be recovered in like Manner as the original Rent reserved by such Lease or Agreement would have been by Law recoverable; and in all Cafes where any gross Sum or Sums of Money shall, by the said Commissioner, be ascertained as a Compensation to be paid by the Lefior or Landlord for determining any such Lease or Agreement, the same shall be actually paid by such Leflor or Landlord, before he or she is put into Possession of the respective Lands and Hereditaments comprized in such Lease or Agreement, or of the Allotment or Allotments in lieu thereof, or of any Part thereof; and in all Cafes where futh subsisting Leases or Agreements shall continue in force, as to the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments therein comprized, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner in like Manner to ascertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents shall be paid by the Lessees or Tenants to the Lessors or Landlords, for or in respect of any Improvement in the Annual Value of the Lands and Hereditaments comprized in such Leases and Agreements respectively, by reason of the fame being exchanged, or of the Lands and Grounds being divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act; and lueh additional Rents, (o ascertained and declared as last aforesaid, shall commence at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint, and shall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had not

been

2729

7.

he

t*

is

ad-

ibk

the

>»id

3°f

y of , of rtiie laid fof rtf. nif. of all ltr lat de, fa-fir tr« Dll

id

:c

it

7

)f

1

r

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

been passed; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner in like Manner to settle, ascertain, and determine the Course of Husbandry to be used by such Lessees or Tenants, during the Remainder of the subsisting Leases and Agreements, in all Cafes where he shall deem it necessary and proper so to do*, and such Course of Husbandry, from and after the same shall be so settled, ascertained and determined, shall be used and followed by such Lessees and Tenants during the Remainder of such Leases and Agreements: Provided always, that if there shall be any such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements by way of Lease, now or then subsisting, of Land and other Hereditaments, Part of which shall lie in the said Parish of Everjholt and Part in any adjoining Parish or Place, all and every such Leases and Agreements may be vacated as aforesaid, so far as respects any Lands or Hereditaments in the said Parish; but where any Land shall be taken in Exchange, which shall be under such Lease or Agreement, and wholly situate in any adjoining Parish or Place, the Lease or Agreement of any such last-mencioned Lands shall not be vacated.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand, to ascertain, order, and appoint, what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crops growing upon any of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, at the Time such Divisions and Allotments shall be made, by the Person or Persons to whom the Lands and Grounds on which such Crops are growing shall be allotted, unless such Owner or Owners shall, within the Time to be appointed by the said Commis-fmner for that Purpose, declare, his, her, or their Intention to cut, reap, and carry away the fame; and in Case of Non-payment of such Recompence and Satisfaction for such Crops, at the Time and in the Manner to be directed by the said Commissioner, or in Case of such Election to cut, reap, and carry away the fame, then it shall and may be lawful for such Owner and Owners, and his, her, and their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, with Horses, Carts, and Carriages, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon such Crops shall be growing, and to cut, reap, and carry away the fame, for his, her, and their own Use; and the said Commissioner shall also and he is hereby required to ascertain, order, and appoint, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand, what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and to whom, for the Standage and growing of such Crops, by the Owner or Owners electing to carry the fame away as aforesaid, and also what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenanc or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Land within the said Parish of Everjboit, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of any of the Lands or Grounds which shall be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, for the Benefit and Advantage accruing the reby to the Person or Persons to \vh.»in such Lands or Grounds shall be allotted, as for any Lois or Dtladvantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall or may fultain by the Loss of their following or way-gor g Crop upon such Lands or Grounds; and if in any or either of the said Caies, the Money to be paid for such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be paid at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioner, it shall be lawful for the said Com*

Satisfaction to be made for growing Crops*

273°

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 129.

rnissioner, and he is hereby required to raise and levy the same for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be raised and levied.

Commission-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in each and erioac- every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be corn-

count. puted from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the h xecution of this Act; and such Statement, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by the said Commissioner laid before William Adam, of Lincoln’s-Inn in the County of Middlesex> Esquire, who is hereby appointed Auditor for settling the lame, to be by him'examined an-J balanced; and in ca'e of his Death or Refusal to act, then before William George Adamt of Lincoln’s Inn aforesaid, Esquire; and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, then before such other Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose, in the same Manner as is herein-before provided for the Appointment of a new Commissioner; and ihc balance shall be by the said William Adam. or the said Wil tam George Adam, or such other Auditor, dated in the Books to be kept in the Office of the C lerk to the said Commissioner and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the lame shall be duly allowed by the said William Adam, or the said William George Adam, or such other Auditor as aforesaid.

Appeal.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioner are by this or by the said recited Act directed to be final, bindings or conclusive, and except in Cafes where an Issue at Law shall be tried, as herein-before mentioned) such Person or Persons may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden in and for the said County of Bedfordwithin Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at such Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein and to award such Costs as they shall think reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Pauies concerned, and shall n6t be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XXXV. Saving

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 129. 2731

XXXV. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, ii4VU5S-Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors, and to ail Persons claiming under them or in Remainder after them, all such Estates,

Right, Title, interest. Claim, and Demand (other than and except such as are meant and intended to be barred anddestroyed by this Act) which they, every, or any of them, had and enjoyed, or were entitled, of, into, or out of any Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments in the said Parish of EverJfjolt, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case the fame had not been made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed Act to be by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty } and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, pfinte'rn, S Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrlw Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

V Hpi '1 Si-

«-: -' ft

*» ' / f l #i w -

, X-«» ' .1.

itwAA-.iW.

W lit’ ?d . tr-.rab *0 ! - ;'l ll ;i"! tiwJil . ,.i 1

fe-i! p ft it5 (. ttfn Ml e «r ici - =’ ..: .3 -.it

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4*

Cap. 130-

An A<S for rebuilding the Court-House and Butter Market-House of the Town of Croydon in the County of Surrey., for providing an Additional Burial-Ground, and for felling certain Waste Lands belonging to the said Parish.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common, Meadows, Commons, Marshes, Heaths, IVafles, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner therein mentioned, were appointed Commissioners for dividing allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, Marshes, Heaths, Waites, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, (therein mentioned) within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, and for putting the said Act in Execution in the Manner and subject to the Rules, Orders, Directions, and Exceptions therein contained: And whereas it was, amongst other Things, by the said recited Act, enacted, That in case it should be determined, by the said Commissioners, or by a Trial at Law, (to be had in Manner therein mentioned), that the Persons claiming, as Inhabitants of Croydon, were entitled to any Right of Common, or otheT Righr, on a Common called Norwood, or in the Commonable Woods in Norwood, as Inhabitants, then that the said Commissioners should duly consider the Value of the several Rights of such Inhabitants, according to the belt of their Judgement, and should set ouc £L$g Per.'] 30 R so

37^.3*

2734

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

so much and such Parts of the said Commons, Marsh.es,' Heaths, Waites and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, as they should judge to be equivalent to the Rights of such Inhabitants, in such and so many Parts of the Manor of Croydon% as they should judge would belt suit the general Conveniency of the said Inhabitants at large, having particular Regard to the Accommodation of Houses and Cottages contiguous to the said Commons, Marshes, Heaths, Waites and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, which said Parcels of Land, when so fee cur, should for ever after be and remain Common for the Use of the Inhabitants of Croydon for the Time being, in lieu and in full Satisfaction of all their Rights on the said Common called Norwood Common, and in the said Wood Lands in Norwood, but subject to the getting of Gravel therein to make and repair the present Roads within the said Parish of Croydon, and such other Roads as should be made in pursuance of the said Act, with a Proviso, that if the Claims of such Inhabitants should not be allowed or established, or if allowed or established, they should nor, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be equal to the Value of Two hundred and fifteen Acres of the said Commons, Heaths, Marshes, Waites anci Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, that then and in either of the said Cafes, the said Commissioners should set out Two hundred and fifteen Acres of the said Lands and Grounds in Manner and for t.he Uses, Intents, and Purposes above mentioned: And it was, by t:.e Lid recited Act, further enacted, That the said Two hundred and fifteen Acres should, Irom and after the signing of the Award of the said Commissioners, be and b-come vdled in the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Croydon for the Time being, and their Successors, and Six, of the Inhabitants, of the said Parish, to he for that Purpose annually chbfen at a Vestry, to be held on Eojler fTusfday in every Year, which laid Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers, and Six Inhabitants should be a Corporate Body, and should have full Power to mclofe such Parts and Proportions of the said 'Two hundred and fifteen Acres, as they should, from Time to Time, judge expedient, not exceeding One-lCventh Part thereof, and to let the same to any Person or Persons on Lease, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at the mod improved Rent that could be gotten for the fame; and also, to make Orders and Regulations for the Ule, Management, Draining, Levelling, and other Improvements, of and for the Stints of the Corn-menage of such Parts thereof, as should remain commonable, and for the Protection or Pr^servation of the Herbage, Turf, Ground, and Soil thereof, and for setting out proper Gravel Pits, for the Use of the publick Roads, or for Sale of any such Gravel, for private Uses, to any of the Inhabitants, and for the Employment and Appointment of proper Persons, to execute such Rules and Orders, and to overlook the said Lands, and ro impound Cattle, which should be found pasturing thereon, contrary to the Regulations aforesaid, and for the Disposal and Application of ihc Mr. Ties to nrife from.such Rents or Sale of Gravel, and to direct moderate Penalties to be inflicted on such PeTons. as should be guilty of any wilful Breach of any Rules and Orders; and also to bring, commence, maintain, or defend any Suits or Actions, for recovering the P< Hellion of Encroachments, Rents, Monies, or any other Matter or Thing resped ng the said Two hundred and fifteen Acres: And whereas the said Commilfi >ners have carried the said recited Act into Execution, and have, in and by their Award or Instrument in Writing, directed by the said recited Act. to be by them formed of drawn up, set out, allotted and awarded, several Parcels

B P

2735

l!

so

i*

kl

ti

fcr

the

Hit

4

the

it

A

Dm-

nds

ove

hat

ling

icar,

jh

r’she

Wd

cr-

ave

y

icnt, :rion s, at V*

m

lOfl*

the

Soil

lick

la-

in

to

lilt*

ra« #I

tailV

ach-

0

0

IB

c!i

of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 130,

of the said Commons and WaOes in their said Award particularly mentioned and defer ibed, containing together Two hundred and thirty-leven Acres and Two Roods, for the Lilts and Purposes herein-before mentioned: And whereas, by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering and amending 43 G. 3. the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open andJ Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, Marshes, Heaths,

‘ Wafer, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the PariJJj 4 of Croydon, ?n County of Surrey,* reciting the before recited Act, and that Doubts had arilen, whether such Two hundred and thirty-seven Acres and Two Roods, so set out, allotted, and awarded by the said Commissioners, were then vested in the said Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over-fceis of the Poor of the said Parish of Croydon for the Time being, and their Successors, and Six of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, to be for that Purpose annually chosen, in Manner by the said recited Act directed, by reason of the said Commissioners having, by their said Award, set out, allotted, and awarded, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes aforesaid, a greater Portion or Parcel of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, than Two hundred and fifteen Acres, it was enacted, That the several Parcels of the Commons and Wastes, by the faiu recited Act directed to be divided and inclosed, and which were set out, allotted, and awarded in and by the said Award, made and executed by the said Commissioners unto the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Croydon for the Time being, for the Use of the said Inhabitants, were and should (from and after the Signing of the Award by the said Commissioners) be and be deemed to be vested in the said Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Croydon for the Time being, and their Successors, and Six of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, ‘cholen as aforesaid; but such Parcels of Commons and Wallts should, nevertheless, be subject to the Rules and Regulations mentioned in the said Award, and the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and their Successors, and Six Inhabitants, should have the like Privileges and Exemptions, and the like Powers and Authorities in, over, and upon such Parcels of the said Commons and Whiles, as are given to them by the said recited Act, in respect of, and in, over, and upon the said Two hundred and fifteen Acres, in case the fame and no more had been let out, allotted, and awarded, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act: And it was further enabled, That the said Vicar, Church* wardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants, might bring, commence, maintain, or defend any Suits or Actions, or Informations, for recovering the Possession ot Encroachments, Rents, Monies, Penalties, or any other Matter or Thing respecting the said Two hundred and thirty-seven Acres and Two Roods, by the Name and Style of* The Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Po r, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon,* and by that Name Iho Id have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common Seal *, and that all Acts, Matters, and Things to be done or executed by the said Vrcar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, might be done and executed by the m-jor Part of them present at any Meeting, such Number present not being less than Seven, and the fame should be as good, valid, and effectual, as if done and executed by all luch Persons as aforesaid: And whereas, such Two hundred and thircy-seven Acres and Two Roods are comprised in Twenty-eight different Pieces lying wide as possible of each

other*

III!

2736

Lands vested in the Vicar, &c. of Croy.

Certain Parts excepted.

Upon Trust to l'eil.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

Other, few of which arc contiguous or near to the Houses or Cottages of any of the Inhabitants, and the same are found to be useless for the Purposes for which they were intended by the said recited Acts: And whereas, the; present Court House of the Town of Croydon is extremely incommodious and much out of Repair, and not fic for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges of Assize; and the Butter Market House in the said Town is also very ruinous and decayed, as well as much too small for the Purposes for which it was intended: And whereas, it is expedient that an additional Burying Ground should be provided for the said Parish: And whereas, it would be for the Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants at large of the said Parish of Croydon, if the before mentioned Parcels of the said Commons and W&ftes were fold and disposed of, and the Money thereby arising, or a sufficient Part thereof, laid out and appropriated for and towards the Purposes aforesaid: But as the fame cannot be efifefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Parcels of the Commons and Waites by the said first recited Act directed to be divided and inclosed, and which are set out, allotted, and awarded in and by the said Award, made and executed by the said Commissioners unto the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Croydon for the Time being, for the Use of the said Inhabitants, in lieu of a-d in full Satisfaction for ail their Rights in the Common called Norwood Common, and the Wood Lands in Norwood, and which by the said last recited Act are vested in the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and their Successors, and Six Inhabitants of the said Parish of Croydon, (except such Part and Parts thereof as have been already fold and disposed of under and by Authority of the said last recited Act, and except such other Part and Parts thereof as have been taken by the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal by virtue of and by the Authority of an Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or from near the Town of Croydon, in the County <ff Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal in the Parish of Saint Paul Dcptfojd, in the County of Surrey; and for /applying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, and except such Part and Parts-, thereof as are herein-after directed to be left for Gravel Pits) , and also all and every Allotment and Allotments whatsoever, made, allotted, and awarded by the said Commissioners, in and by their said Award, for or in respect of any Right of Common belonging or appertaining to any Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments belonging to the said Parish of Croydon, or held in Trust for the said Parish, or the Inhabitants thereof, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and be deemed to be vested in the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and S x Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, upon the several Trulls, and to ^nd for the Several Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes herein after mentioned, ex-pnff-d and declared of and concerning the same, (that is to say,) upon Trust ai d to the Intent that the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Pv.or, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Sue-ceffjrs, shall and do with all convenient Speed, sell and dispose of the said

several

2737

4.6c GEORGII IJI. Cap. 130,

fever a1, Parcels df Land and Ground hereby vested in them as aforesaid, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and of the Fee Simple thereof in such Allotment or Allotments as to them shall seem right and proper, by Publick Sale or Private Comraft, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, lor Inch Price or Prices as can reasonably be obtained or gotten for the fame, (with such Offer of Preference nevertheless as here-in-after is mentioned,) and upon Payment of the Monies lor which the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof shall be fold. Hull and do convey and allure the fame unto and to the Use of such Purchasert)r Purch.ifers, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, or as he or they shall direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Allotment so fold and con- Allotment* veyed as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely freed and discharged of and from all Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand, in Fee-simple. whatsoever, of the said War, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor

and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, and of all other the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Croydon, and every other Person and Pfcrfons whomlotver, (save and except the Right, Title, and Interest, of the present Ldfees thereof, for the Residue of their feverat and respective Terms therein), and shall be veiled in Fee Simple in, and be inclosed and thenceforth held in Severalty by, such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, subject neverthelds to such Roads for the Occupiers of Allotments, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Croydon, to and for the Use of their respective Allotments, Me Adages, and Lands adjoining to or lying near the fame, and for ail Persons having Occasion to pass over the fame from one Publick Read to another, as directed and ordered in and by the said Award of the said Commissioners.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Part Preference and Pars of the said Lands and Grounds are now derailed or let on Lease jfwnVo*1* by virtue of the Powers and Authorities given for that Pur pole, in and Lessee*. by the said recited Acts made in the Thirty-seventh and Forty-third Years

of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, the present Lessees or Affgiiees, Lessee or Assignee thereof, shall first have the Offer of Purchase ufluch Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be so rtfptctively dtmifed or held by him, her, or them, as aforesaid, before the same shall be sold to any ether Person or Persons whomsoeycr, by a fair Valuation to be made and taken in Manner herein-after mentioned; and the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, are hereby required to make such Offer of Sale accordingly, by canting written Notice of their Intention to letl to be given to such Ldlee or Assignee respectively, or left at his or her Place of Abode; and in case the Place of Abode of such Lessee or Assignee is unknown, then by canting such Notice to be published Three Times in the London Gazette, and affixed on thejDoor of the Parish Church of Croydon aforesaid, lor 1 hree fucctflive Sundays; and in case such Lessee or Assignee shall not within One Month next afctT such Notice shall be given to him pr her, or published as afordafo, tignify his or her Intention to become the Purchaser of such Part or Parts so demised as aforesaid, and enter into an Agreement for that Purpose, to pay the Purchase [Lee. Per.] 30 S Money

2738

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

Money according to such Price or Valuation, within One Month next afterwards; then and in such Gafe the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and iheir Succcflurs, shall and may fell the said Pieces or Parcels o1 Land so demised as aforesaid, by Publick Sale, in the Manner herein-after directed in regard to Sales by Auction.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Proprietors ofc Hoofc-s and inclosrd Lands adjoining any of the said Parcels of Common* and Wades hereby veiled as aforesaid (Regard being had to Proprietors of Houses in the First Instance) shall also in like Manner have the Offer of Purchase of such Parcels or Allotments adjoining their respective Premises as aforesaid, at a fair Valuation to be made and taken as herein-after is directed; and in case of the Refusal of such Proprietors, the Tenants or Occupiers of such Houses cr inclosed Lands shall, in like Manner, have the next Preference; and the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors shall cause written Notice of their Intention to fell, to be given to such Proprietors and Occupiers respectively,or left at their last Places of Abode: and if their Residence is unknown, then by publishing and polling such. Notice as is herein before directed with regard to Ltffces or Allignees and such Proprietors and Occupiers shall, within One Month next after such Notice shall be left or published as aforesaid, signify their, or his, or her Content to become the Purchasers of such Parcels or Allotments, and enter into an Agreement to submit to such Valuation, and to pay the Purchase Money within One Month next afterwards; and if both Proprietor and Occupier shall signify their Intention to become the Purchaser of such Parcels or Allotments respectively offered to them as aforesaid, the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors shall give the Option to the Proprietors , but if the said Proprietor and Occupier shall both refuse to become the Purch tier thereof, or neglect or refuse within the Time aforesaid, to signify his, her, or their Consent to become such Purchaser, and to enter into an Agreement for that Purpose, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, and they are hereby required forthwith to sell and convey the said Parcels or Allotments to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the best Price or Prices that can reasonably be obtained for the same.

Valuation to V. And 11 furlhcr enacted, That in order that such Valuation of the be made. Lanas aftrcLid may be fairly and impartially made, the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, and the Person or Persons entitled to Preference as aforesaid, shall each name and appoint one Surveyor or indifferent Person, of Skill and Knowledge, to survey and estimate the said Allotment or Allotments intended to be sold, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid; and in ti.ie such Surveyors or Appraisers cannot agree in their Determination, then they shall fix upon and appoint a Third Surveyor,' or indifferent Person of Skill and Knowledge, to be an Umpire, whole Valuation shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

Preference of Purdtale given to Pro. pnetors, and Occupiers of Houses and Lands adjoining.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 130. £739

VI. And whereas* the said Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal have, in pursuance and by the Authority and Powers of the said (Uch t*»m as recited Act, made in the Fony-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, j’^kveenble%e and with the Consent of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Croydon, taken Croydon Ca-certain Paits and Paicels of the said Commons and Wastes, so let out and nal Comply, awarded to the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Pjrifil of Croydon, as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes of the said Canal; be it the refore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and required, to sell and dispose of the Rent to be aftcrtained and made payable, as by the said recited Act of the Forty-full Year aforesaid is directed, and all other Rent and Rents, now or hereafter to be due and payable by the said Company of Proprietors, for any Part or Pa<ts of the said Commons and Wastes, by any of the Ways and Means aforesaid, to any Person or Periods whomsoever, willing to become the Purchasers thereof, and to assign and transfer such Rent, and all Powers, Remedies, and Authorities whatsoever, for the Recovery and Receipt thereof, and all Arrears of the fame; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall from thenceforth stand interestedin and entitled to the faicL Rene and Rents, and all aid every the Remedies, Powers, and Authorities inj over, and appertaining to the lame, as are given and granted by the said last recited Act of the Forty *first Year aforesaid, to the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Croydon* or any of them, and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be entitled, upon Redemption or Lxtinguilhmenc of the said Rent or Rents by the said Company of Proprietors, to such Equivalent or Rtcpmpener, as the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Croydon would become entitled to and receive, in case such Sale and Alignment of the said Rent or Rents had not been made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Buildings or Buildup Erections shall at any Time hereafter b« erected or let up upon any or either of the undermentioned Pieces or Parcels of the said Commons and certain Pieces Wastes, so hereby veiled in Trust as aforesaid; nor shall any Lime Kiln of Qreund. or Brick Kiln, be made or sunk in any Part of the said Lands, (that is to lay,) the Piece No. 1117, in the Plan or Map of the said Parish of Croydon, made by the said Comm.(lionets appointed under and by the Authority of the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, and annexed to the Award of the said Commissioners, deposited in the Parish Church of Croydon aforesaid, anddeferibed in the said Award as situate on Norwood Common^ in Windall's Bottom, and next Benge Common $ and the Piece No. 1032, in the said Plan defenbrd in the said Award as situate on Not wood Common, upon Beggm’s Hill; and in case any such Buildings or Ertftions shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, be built contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall be injured or affected thereby, to remove or abate the fame, or otherwil'e to proceed against the Person or Persons so offending in like Manner as in Cafes of Nuilance, provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conltrueil to extend to prevent any Building or Erection from being made or set up on such Part of the said Piece No. 1032, as lies on the South, or South-West Side of the Part now on Lease to William Diamond and used as Garden Ground.

2740

Retaining Lands for the Purpose of dtablish-rng a Fund.

Virar, fcc, I build .< Town-Hall, or Cou.e-Hcute,

and also a Barter Mir* ltet.House.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i 30.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, in order to establish a Fund fir enabling the said Vicar, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, to defray the necessary Costs and Expences attending the Management and P/otec-tion of fuel) Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be left as aforesaid; and for carrying into Fffcrfl and enforcing such Rules and Orders as they shall from Time to Time find needfary to make and establish, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty-third Years of the Reign of Hh> present Majesty i it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and they are hereby required to retain and keep to them and their Successors so much and such Part and Parts of the said Wastes and Commons,'so vested in them as aforesaid, as have been, and are now demised or let in Lease, by virtue of the said recited Acts, as are of the Yearly Value, and do now produce not left than the reserved Annual Rent of Ten Pounds; and to pay and apply such Rent, or so much thereof, as may be found necessary, in anti for the Purposes aforesaid; and also from Time to Time to grant, other Leases, to commence in Possessionand not in Reversion, of the said reserved Lands, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at the best and moll improved Rent that can be reasonably obtained for the lame: And if any Overplus shall remain of the said Rents, after paying and defraying such necessary Costs and Expences as aforesaid, the fame shall, upon the Determh-.a*.ion of the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and S.x Inhabitants, be paid to the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Croydon for the Time being, to be by them laid out in the Purchase of Bread, to be annually given and diHributt^ on New Yeai’s Day, to the Poor of the said Parifiui

-O ! -

IX. And be it furehefUTtafted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, 2nd their Successors, and they are hereby directed and required, to cause a proper and commodious Town Hall.or Court House, fit for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges of AiEze, with such Couriu, Rooms, and other Conveniences therein and thereto, as may be thought necessary and expedient, to be provided in the said Town of Croydon, either by repairing and enlarging the present Court HoLie of the said Town, or by rebuilding the lame, 01 any Part thereof, on tnt Scitc of the present Town Hal), or tllewhere, in the said Town, as m*y be moll convenient; and also to cause a proper and commodious Butter Market House to be erected and built in the said Town of Crcydanf with ail needfary Conveniences therem and thertunto, with such Rooms and Chambers over or adjoining the fame, as may be found needfary and convenient; am! lor the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said v^icar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish oi Croydon, and their Successors, to contract and agree with any prnper Surveyor, Architect, Artificer or Artificers, Workman or Wo'kmen, for the performing, executing, completing, and finifn-ing such Buddmgs and Wofics; and by, from, and out of the Monies to arile by such S: le and Sales as are herein-before authorized and diiedted to be made,.to defray all such Coils, Charges, and Expences, as may

at’.ead

274*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

attend the executing, completing, and finishing the said Buildings and Works, not exceeding in the Whole, the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That such Town Hall, or Court House Su h Town-and the said Butter Maikec House, and all other Buildings made and itVc.n'n crefte.l in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, shall be, and be deemed to Vicar, See. be vested in the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and

S;x inhabirants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors to be cholen as by the said rrcited Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. is directed, in Trust for the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Croydon for the Time being, to be used for the Purposes for which they are hereby directed to be built and provided as aforesaid, and other Par >chial Purposes, for which the present Town Hall of Croydon is used or appropriated, and for fu< h other Parochial or Publick Purposes as may at any Time be found necefla:y or expedient in the said Parish of Croydon.

XI. And whereas, by means of taking down the said Court House, the Forprovid-Corn Market of the said Town will be destroyed or very much injured, be j^kctorB" it therefore further enacted, That in the proposed Alterations and Improve- ar et' ments, Care shall betaken to provide a fit, proper, and commodious Place,

to be used as a Corn Market in the said Town of Croydon.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power to fell to and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six |Je present^ Inhabitants of the Parish oi Croydon, and their Successors, to fell and d# Town nail pose of the Materials of the present Town Hall, and Butter Market ^rJJ"tter House, and to pay and apply the Money thereby arising in aid of the House. Colls and Charges attending the Buildings and Works herein-before directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to vicar, &c. and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor and Six In- ^lor*/ habitants of the Parish ol Croydon, and their Successors, and they are here- Burying by required by, with, and out of the Monies to arise by such Sale and Ground. 6ales, u« are herein-before directed, (without incurring any of the Penalties

or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain), to purchase some convenient Piece of Land, as near to the Parish Church of Croydon aforesaid, as can conveniently be obtained, and to cause such Land, when so purchased, to be inclosed with a proper Fence or Fences, Wall or Walls thereto; and such Land, when io inclosed, shall be consecrated for a Burial Ground, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and shall for ever thereafter be used as and for a Burying Ground for the said Parish of Croydon, provided always that the Price to be paid for the Purchase of such Land, together with the Colls and Charges attending the conveying, assuring, inclosimz, and conX crating the said Piece of Land, to be used as afore-fa’d, shall not exceed the Sum of Six hundred Pounds in the Whole.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it (halt and may Powertoe b<- lawful to and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the d.-nge for P»>o«, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Succ«-(Tors, *j^d.i|ora nd «i*ey are hereby authorised, (if they shall see it more convenient), to Ground.* Convrv to any Person or Persons whomsoever, (without regard to the Pre-

[Lof. Per.] 30 T ference

2742 4b* GEORGII: III. Cap:130.

ferencff before difedled), any Part or Parts of the said Lands and Ground8 hereby vested in them as aforesaid,'hot exceeding Five Acres, in Exchange for any Piece or Parcel of Freehold Land fir anJ convenient for the said Burying Ground, belonging tb arty such other Person or Persons; and to cause the said Piece or Parcel of Land, so taken in Exchange, (and which they the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish ci Croydon, and their Successors, are hereby authorised and empowered to cake, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain), to be inclo'ed and consecrated in Manner, and for the Purpose aforesaid, the Colls and Charges attending which shall be borne and p«»id by and out of the Monies to artfe by the Sales he re in-before directed, and such Part or Parts of the Lid Lam is and Grounds, so to be conveyed by the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Ov- rteers of the Poor and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their SuccesscTS, in Exchange as aforesaid, shall be held by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so conveyed in Pee Simple, and in Severalty, in like Manner as if the fame had been fold and purcnafed under any of the Powers and Authorities contained in this Act.

po'-erro

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and

purchase for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six In-!fnecViiiry! habitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, (without incurring any of the Penalties cr Forfeitures of Mortmain,) to purchase any Mrl. fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Pleredilaments to them and their $uc-cessors if the Purchase thereof shall be found necessary and expedient, for the more commodious and better forming, erecting, and completing the Buildings and Works herein-before directed as aforesaid, so as such Purchase, together with the Costs and Charges of making, erecing, and completing such Buildings and Works, do not exceed the said Sum of Power to Seven thousand Pounds; and, if by rcalon of such Purchase, or otherw fe, SueetT&c.n shall be found necessary or more convenient, in the making, forming,

constructing, and creeling the said Town Hall, and Butter Mad:et House, and other Buildings, to alter, divert, or turn any or either of the Publick Streets, Lanes, or Passages in the said Town of Croydon, (except the High Street of the said Town,) it shall and may be lawful 10 and for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the Hundred of Wailing* ton, in the said County of Surrey, or any Two of them, by Oracr under their Hands and Seals, (upon the Application of the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon or their Successors,) at any Special Session to be holden in and for the said Hundred, to alter, divert, or turn such Publick Streets, Lanes, or Passages aforesaid j provided the Consent of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Croydon shall have been first had and obtained, at a Vestry to be holden for that Purpose, of which Publick Notice shall be given in the Parish Church of Croydon aforesaid, at least Eight Days previous to the holding thereof, at which Vellry the Consent of the Majority of the Parishioners prefenc Anri be binding and conclusive: Provided always, that in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any such Order, he, she, or they may appeal in the Manner directed by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, imitued, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Prefer vation of the Publick High.

wjys with n that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Pnrpcfes.

4.6* GEORGII Ilf Cap. 130. *743

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ^®^k®na,ia

and for the Lid Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six "ni| vacant

Inhabitants of the Pin (ho f Croydon and the.r Succtfiors, to take and use Grmmdnd-

the Open and Vacai.t Ground, adjoining the said p»efent Town Hall and t'

Butter Market House, in the said Town of Croydon, for the Uses and Pur- Town Hail, poses of the said intended Buildings and Works, provided a iuffkient Path *c*

or causeway be left between the said intended Buildings and Works and the H jufes of the Inhabitants adjoining, under the Order and Direction of any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, afling in and for the

Hundred of Wallington aforesaid, whose Order and Determination shall be binding, final, and conclusive.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Rooms, Cham- Forlet-in? bers, or Oflices, of or belonging tt) the Lid intended Buildings and Works,

can at any Time be conveniently spared to be let, without Injury or Incoti- ings. venience to any of the Parochial or Publick Business, or Purposes for which, such Buildings are directed to be built and made as aforesaid, but not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens,

Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, to let the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the Rents and Profits arising therefrom, shall be applied for and towards the necess.ry Repair, Support, and Improvement of the said several Buildings and Works, as Occasion shall from Time to Time require.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if, after forming, erecting, 2uiiJinj«, and completing the said Buildings and Works, the said Messuages, Lands, JJJ Tenements, and Hereditaments lo authorized to be purchased as aforesaid,

or the Scites of the present Town-Hall and Butter Market-House, or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be found useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of the said intended Buildings; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized to sell and convey the same to any Person or Persons willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the best Price and Prices that can reasonably be obtained for the fame; and the Money thereby arising shall be paid and applied in and for the Uses and Purposes directed by this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That previous to any Publick Auction Sites by being held, for the Sale of any of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land herein- AuAion* before directed to be sold by publick Auft on as aforesaid. Six Weeks*

Notice of such intended Auction or Auflions, shall be given in some Newf-paper or Newspapers, printed and circulated in the said County of Surrey,

and in case no such New (paper shall be printed in the said County of Surrey, then in some Newspaper or Newspapers, printed and circulated in fume adjoining County; and the Purchaser or Purchasers at such Auction shall immediately pay (by way of Depcfit) to the said Vicar, Churchwardens,

Ovcfeers of the Poor, and Six Inhabiram* of the Parish of Croydon, or their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, O e-Tenth Part of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and shall also pay the Re* mainder thereof within Three Calendar Months thereafter* or at such other Time as the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Ov^seers.Qf the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, or their Successors, shall appuint;

8 ar.d

27*+

Certain

Quantity Jcft

fu‘je£> to the Powers, ic. °f17 & 43

C. 3-

Gravel-Pits,

out, to be Jold, and otliei s pro-

Disposal of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i^o.

and in default thereof, the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied for the Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the Whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been paid, cr for which there shall be no Bidding at such Auction or Auctions shall he again put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforesaid, for the bed Price or Prices that can be so gotten for the fame, or be (old by the said Vica’, Churchwardens Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, by Private Contract, for any Sum or Sums of Money not less than the remaining Nine Tcnrhs of the Price or respective Prices for which the fame was or were respt-dively before fold, or the Amount of One Bidding above the Sum or respective Sums at which the fame was or were respectively put up in the said former Auction or Auctions.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Five Acres at lead of the said several Pieces or Parcels of Wades and Commons, shall be left for she Purpose cf Gravel Pits for the Use of the Publick Roads in the said Parish of Croydon, and for Sale of such Gravel for Private Uies, to any of the said Inhabitants of Croydon, as directed by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-seventh and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His on lent Majesty; and the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overfrers of she Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their SuccdT>rs, shall have the lame and the like Powers and Authorities, in, over, and upon such Pieces or Parcels of Wades and Commons so left as aforesaid, and also, in, over, and upon such other Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as dull rot be fold, exchanged, or disposed of, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, as are given to them in and by the Two several recited Acts aforesaid, or either of them, the same as if this Act had not been made.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Land, so directed to be left as last aforesaid, shall be wholly excavated and cleared of Gravel, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, to sell the same in Manner aforesaid, and with the Mon y thereby arising to take and purchase other Lands in the said Parish of Crcydon% or otherwise to exchange such Land so dug out and cleared of , Gr.«vc] as aforesaid for other Land in the same Parish , which Land so to be pu chafed or taken in Exchange as aforesaid shall be and remain for the Purpose of Gravel Pits, in Manner before mentioned, and shall be subject to the fame Powers and Authorities of the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, and their Successors, as the several Pieces or Parcels of Wastes and Commons are by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-seventh and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty made subjedand liable to.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Overplus shall remain of the Produce of the Purchase Monies to arise by such Sale and Sales as arc herein-before directed and authorized, after Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, (which are hereby ordered and directed to be in the First Place fully paid and ail-

charged,)

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 130, 274S

charged,) and atfo the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending th

Buildings and Works hereby directed to be made as aforesaid, not exceeding the said Sum ot Seven thousand Pounds, and also the Cods, Charges, and Expences of purchasing, conveying, inclosing, and confecraring the said Burying Ground, nut exceeding the said Sum of Six hundred Pounds, such Overplus, if the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and upwards, shall be paid into the Bank of England, in, the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex par#, ‘ The Vicar, Churchwardens,

Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydonpur-suant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, and the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second; and ForParochial such Overplus shall hereafter be applied to such Parochial Purposes and Improvements of the said Town and Parish of Croydon, as shall at any Time mem?, /ub-bc determined and agreed upon at a Vestry to be holden for that Purpose, of which publick No ic? shall be given in the Parish Church of Croydon^ the Court of aforesaid, on Two successive Sundays at lead, previous to the holding Chancery, thereof, at which Vestry, the Determination of the Majority of the Parishioners present shall be binding and conclusive: Provided nevertheless, that the Purpufc for which such Qycrpluf Monies, or ^ny P^.rt the^e-of, shall be dc^rimnfed to be applied,.. shall be approved of uidf^ndioned by the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition, setting forth such Determination of the Vestry, to be preferred to the said Court, in a summary Way, by the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon.

XXIir. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Overplus Overplus in shall be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exche- the mean quer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said |a‘Jout in Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, as they shall be respectively Exchequer paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Account- Bllls*&c* ant-General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy and Victualling, and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant-General, and shall there remain until ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold, upon Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croy don, or their Successors, for the Purposes aforesaid,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall perfolls ad-advance and pay any Money in discharge of the Fees or other Expences vancing Moattending re obtaining of this Act, the Money so advanced and paid shall £ithh»"_ be repaid with legal Interest for the fame, by the said Vicar, Church- terest. wardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Six Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon, or their Successors, out of the Monies to adfe by the Sale or Sales herein-before directed.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act T ie A,rch-contain n lha 1 exrend or be construed to extend to alter, vary, or affect Canterbury’s any Tolls, Dues, Duties, or Perquisites whatsoever, arising, accruing. Right to 3 or due or piyable from the said Markets in iheTown of Croydon} to the

\Loc. Ss9 P*r.] 30 U Lord

2746

General

Saving.

[Publick Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i^c.

Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and his Successors in the See of Canterbury, but all such Tolls, Dues, Duties, and Prrquisites shall be due and payable to the said Archbishop and his Successors in the said See, in such and in like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate^ his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Right, Title, and Interest, (other than and except such as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished,) as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to ble fold and disposed of, in case this Act had not been made.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being Specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

d,

ANNO Q.UADRAGESIMO SEXTO

! GEORGII III. REGIS.

~ *»*4*

tv,

Cap. 131.

An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Ellate of the Honourable Thomas Brand, in the County of Hertford, for other his Settled Estates in the said County of Hertford., and in the Counties of Essex, Cambridge, and Surrey, and in the City of London.

[ 16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release bearing Date Marriage

respectively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of April One uj

thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the Release being of 1J71.1 Five Parts, and expressed to be made between Thomas Brandy late of the Hoo in the County of Hertford, F.squire, since deceased, of the First Part;

Gertrude BaroneL Dae re by her then Name and Description of Gertrude Roper of the PariHi of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, Spinster, of the Second Part; the Right Reverend Father in God Richard Lord Bishop of Durham and Trevor Charles Roper Esquire, of the Third Part; the Most Noble Evelyn Duke of Kingston and the Right Honourable George Sackville Germain commonly called Lord George Sack-ville Germain, (both since deceased,) of the Fourth Part; and John Clementson Esquire, of the Fifth Part; being the Settlement made previously to and in Contemplation of a Marriage then intended and which was shortly after solemnized between the said Thomas Brand deceased, and Raroness Dacre then Gertrude Roper; the said Thomas Brand deceased, did, for the Considerations 1 herein mentioned, grant and release unto the said John Clement-£.hoc. Per. j 30 X fin

275°

4.6* GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

fen and his Heirs, among divers other Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein particularly described or mentioned, several Messuages and Grounds in Great Hormead in the County of Iiert-

ford9 and the Moiety of the Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, belonging to the Rectory of Great Hormead aforesaid, and the '1 hird Part of the Rents and Services belonging to the said Rectory, and the Third Part of the Patronage or Right of Presentation to the Vicarage of Great Hormead aforesaid; and also several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the Pari Hi of IVannesworth alias Wande/sworth in the County of Surrey, and in the Parishes of Saint Bridget alias Saint Bride’s i.i or near Fleet Street, Saint James Gar lick Hithe, Saint Stephen, Coleman Street, and Saint Mildred in the Poultry in the City of London > and also the Manor of Much Carlton alias Carlton Magna and Willingham, and the Advowson of the Church of Carlton aforesaid, with the Chapel of Willingham to the said Church belonging, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments in Much Carlton alias Carlton Magna, Willingham, Burroughs Brinkley, We/ion, and Wefion Colville, in the County br Cambridge, and in the Parishes of Farnbam and Maunder, or One of them in the County of Effete* and in the Parish of Albury in the County of Hertford, in the said Indenture of Release particularly described, with the Appurtenances, to hold unto and to the Use of the said John Clementfin his Heirs and Assigns for ever, to the Intent that he might be Tenant of the Freehold of the said Premises, in order that several Common Recoveries might be suffered thereof in Manner therein mentioned (and which said Common Recoveries were accordingly duly suffered thereof in or as of Eajicr Term in the same Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one); and, it w, as by the said Indenture of Release declared, that after the suffering of the said Common Recoveries as well the fame Indenture of Release as the said Common Recoveries should enure to the Use of the said Thomas Brand deceased, and his Heirs, until the said intended Marriage should be solemnized, if not solemnized before the perfecting of the said Common Recoveries, and after the Solemnization thereof and perfecting the said Common Recoveries to the Use of the said Richard I^ord Bishop of Durham and Trevor Charles Roper their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One hundred Years, upon certain Trulls thereinafter declared, for securing to the said Gertrude Baroness Dacre then Gertrude Roper, during the Joint Lives of herself and the fame Thomas Brand, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds for her separate Use* (and which said Term of One hundred Years by virtue of a Proviso in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement contained for that Purpose has fmee ceased and determined,) with Remainder to the Use of the said Thomas Brand deceased, and his Assigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade, and after his Deeeafe to the Use and Intent that the said Gertrude Baroness Dacre, in case flic should survive him, should yearly dming her Life receive thereout a clear yearly Rent or Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds in bar of her 3)owe.r, payable at the Times and in the Manner therein mentioned, and with such Powers of Entry and Distress and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the fame Hereditaments for the Recovery of the said yearly Rent or Sum as. are therein mentioned, and subject thereto from and immediately after the Deeeafe of the fame Thom e Brandy to the Use of the said Evelyn Duke of Kingston and Lord Gi'rye Sackville Germainy their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns for fl:; Term of One thousand\Years from thence next enfuiag without .-Impeachment of

Waste,

*75*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

Wade, upon the Trusts and subject to the Provisoes therein and herein.-after mentioned concerning the same; vtittt-Remainder to the Use of the said Thomas Brand deceased, his Heirs and Assigns far" iever; and it Was thereby declared and agreed, that the said Term of One thousand Years was so limited to the said Evelyn Duke of Kingston and Lord George Sacfc-vilie Germain, their Executors, Administritors, and Assigns, upon Trust for better securing the due and regular Payment of the said yearly Rent or Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds to the said Gertrude Baroness Dacre then Gertrude Roper and her Assigns, by and out of the Rems and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises comprized in the fame Term, or by demifing, leafing, or mortgaging the fame, or otherwii'e as therein mentioned; and upon further Trust, in the Event of there being an eldest Son of the said Thomas Brand deceased, and the said Gertrude Baroness Doers and One or more other Child or Children, whether Male or Female, that the said Evelyn Duke of Kingston and Lord George Sackville Germain, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should, by Demise, Sale, or Mortgage of the said Hereditaments and Premiseor a competent Part thereof, for all or any Part of the said Term of One thousand Years, and by and wiih the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises or otherwise as they in their Discretion should think fit, but without Prejudice to the Payment of the said yearly Rent or Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds, raise and levy or bon-ow and take up at Interest the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Portion or Portions of all and every such Child or Children as aforesaid (except an eldest Son) the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, to be paid in the Event of there being Two or more such Children besides an eldest Son, to and to be equally divided between them Share and Share alike; the Portion of such of them as should be a Son to be paid to him at his Age of Twenty-one Years, and the Portion of such of them as should be a Daughter to be

Said to her at her Age of Twenty-one Years or Day of Marriage which tould first happen: And whereas the said Thomas Brand had Issue by the said Gertrude his Wife Two Sons and One Daughter, videlicet, Thomas Brand the eldest Son and Henry Otway Brand, and Gertrude Brand, and no other ngilfiue: And whereas the said Thomas Brand the Father, made w; and duly published his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date 1 ’ the Twenty-eighth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, whereby the said Testator gave and devised the Manors and Hereditaments comprized in his said Marriage Settlement, subject and without Prejudice to the Estate and Interest of his said Wife and younger Children therein under the said Settlement, unto the Right Honourable Aubrey Lord Vere, afterwards the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Alban's, and Lionel Darner and their Heirs, to the Use of his eldest Son the said Thomas Brand and his Assigns for his Life; with Remainder to the Lfe of the said Aubrey Lord Vere and Lionel Darner and their Heirs during his Life, in Trust to preserv the contingent Remainders; with Remainder in Trust for the First and other Sons of the said Thomas Brand successively according to Senioiily in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Testator’s Son the said Henry Otway Brand and his Assigns1 for his Life; with Remainder to the Use of the said Aubrey Lord Vere and Lionel Darner and then Heirs during his Life, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder in Trust for the First and other Sons of the said Henry Otway Brand successively according to Seniority in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Testatcr’s Daugh er the said Gertrude Brand and her

I’of

BunJ Efij.

4f>° GEORGII III. Cap. *31.

AiTigni during her Life; with Remainder to the Use of the said Aubrey Lord Vere and Lionel Darner and their Heirs during her Life, in Trust to preferre the contingent Remainders; with Remainder in Trust for the First and other Sons of the said Gertrude Brand successively according to Seniority in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Honourable Catherine Elizabeth Beauclerk, Daughterof the said Aubrey Lord Vere fmee deceased, for her Life; with Remainder to the said Aubrey Lord Vere, and Lionel Damcr and their Heirs during her Life, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the Right Honourable William Beauclerk commonly called Lord William Beauclerk, then the Honourable William Beauclerk, the Second Son of the said Aubrey Lord Vere and his Assigns for his Life; with Remainder to the said Aubrey Lord Vere and Lionel Darner and their Heirs during his Life, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder in Trust for the First and other Sons of the said Lord William Beauclerk successively according to Seniority in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Right Honourable Amelias Beauclerk commonly called Lord Amclius Beauclerk, then the Honourable Amclius Beauclerk, the Third Son of the said Aubrey Lord Vere and his Assigns for his Life; with Remainder to the said Aubrey Lord Vere and Lionel Darner1 and their Heirs during his Life, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder in Trust for the First and other Sons of the said Lord Amclius Beauclerk successively according to Seniority in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Right Honourable Frederick Beauclerk commonly called Lr,rd Frederick Beauclerk, then the Honourable Frederick Beauclerk, the Fourth Son of the said Aubrey Lord Vere and his Assigns for his Life; with Remainder to the said Aubrey Lord Vere and Lionel Darner and their Heirs during his Life, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder in Trust for the First and other Sons of the said Lord Frederick Baauclerk successively according to Seniority in Tail Maie; with Re-‘ mainder to the Use of the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Alban* then the Honourable Aubrey Beauclerk the eideil Son of the said Aubrey Lord Vere his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And the said Testator did thereby empower the several Persons who by virtue of the Limitations of his said Will should for the Time being be in Possession of the Estates thereby devised, to make such Leases thereof, and to charge the fame with such Jointures for their Wives and Portions for their younger Children as in the said Will are particularly mentioned: And whereas the said Thomas Brand the Father, departed this Life in the Month of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, without having revoked or altered his said Will, leaving the said Gertrude now Baroness Dacre his Widow, the said Thomas Brand his eldest Son and Heir at Law, and the said Henry Otway Brand and Gertrude Brand, his Two other Children, him surviving; and the said Will of the said Thomas Brand the Father was, shortly after his Decease, duly proved in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop or Canterbury, by the hid Aubrey Lord Vere, then the most Noble Aubrey Duke of St. Alban*s and the said Lionel Darner, the Executor* therein named: And whereas none of them the said Thomas Brand, Henry Otic. Brandy and Gertude Brandy have ever been married, and the said Catherine Elizabeth Beauclerk afterwards the Right Honourable Lady Catherine Elizabeth Beauclerk, and since Lady Catherine Elizabeth Burge/*) the Wife of the Reverend James Burgcfss died in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, without leaving any Issue of her Body her surviving, and the said Lord William Beauclerk has Two Sons by his present Wife, namely,

William

2753

4.6° GEORGII III. Capital.

WilYiaki Aubrey dfVere Beauclerk, aged Five Years or thereabouts,* and John Neltkorpe Beauclerk aged Four Months or thereabouts, and no othfr Mue Male of his Body, and the said Lord Amelins Bciatderk and Lord Frederick Beauclerk have never been married: And whereas the said Thomas Brand is also entitled as Tenant for Life with such Remainders ' over as herein-before are mentioned, to a Capital Messuage or Manfieln House, and divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situate in the Parishes of Coddicot, Kimpton alias Kcmptov, PauVs Walden, and Knebworth, in the County of Hertford, comprized in the said Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and devised by the said recited Will of much greater Value than the said Estates in the Parishes of Great Hormead and Albury, and in the Counties of Surrey, Cambridge, and Essex, and in the City of London aforesaid respectively, which lie detached from each other, and also from the Bulk of the said Estates in the said County of Hertford, which stand settled in the same Manner: And whereas the said Thomas Brand is seised in Fee Simple of the f'everal Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments in the Parishes of Coddicot, Kimpton, Paul’s Walden, and Knebworth, in the County of Hertford, which Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, are intermixed with, adjoin ' upon, or lye contiguous to the said settled Estates of the said Thomas Brand in the said Parishes of Coddicot, Kimpton, Paul’s Walden, and Knebworth, and a considerable Part of which Tythes are issuing out of the said settled Estates in the Parishes of Kimpton and Paul’s Walden, and it would be convenient and for the Benefit and Advantage of all Persons interested in the said settled Estates, if the said Fee Simple Estates and Hereditaments were exchanged for the said detached settled Estates of the said Thomas Brand in the said Parishes of Great Hormead and Albury, and in the Counties of Surrey, Cambridge, and Essex, and in the City of London aforesaid respectively: And whereas the said Thomas Brand hath proposed and agreed that the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Coddicot, Kimpton, Paul’s Walden, and Knebworth aforesaid, (being Part of his Fee Simple Estates in the said’ County of Hertford so intermixed or connected with his said settled Estates in the same County as aforesaid) shall be given in exchange for the said detached settled Estates in the said Parishes of Great Hormead and Albury, and in the Counties of Surrey, Canibridge, and Essex, and in the City of London aforesaid respectively: And whereas by indenture of Mortgage bearing Date the Tenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and made between the said Charles Viscount Sackville of the Hrft Part; the said Thomas Brai.d of the Second Part; the said Gertrude Baroness Dacre of the Third Part; the said Henry Otway Brandy and Gertrude Brand of the Fourth Part; and George Bramwell of the Inner Temple, Londoe, Gentleman, of the Fifth Part; after reciting among other Things the said Indentures of Lease and Release and Settlement of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one herein-before recited; and reciting that the said Evelyn Duke of Kingston departed this Life in or about the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, leaving his Co-trustee the said Lord George Sackville Germain, afterwards 'V ifcount Sackville, him surviving, who died on or about the Twenty-sixth Day of AitguJlQnz thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, having previously to his Decease’ made and duly \_Lu. Es* Per.] 30 7' published

47S4

4-6’ GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

published his last Will and Testament in Writing, beaiingDala the Txtfen-ty-second Day of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and a Codicil thereto bearing Date the Third Day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, by which said Codicil he appointed the most Noble ’John Frederick Duke of Dorset, his the Testator’s Son the said Charles Viscount Sackville, (then the Honourable Charles Germain) and Thomas Walley Pariingtofi, Esquire, joint Executors of his said Will and Codicil, all of whom duly proved the said Will and Codicil in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and that the said John Frederick Duke of Dorset, and Thomas Walley Partington, were both since dead, leaving the said Charles Viscount Sackville them surviving; and also reciting that the said Henry Otway Brand, and Gertrude Brand, having attained their respective Ages of Twenty-one Years, and being desirous that the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds provided for their Portions by the said Indentures of Lease and Release, and Settlement herein-before recited, should be raised and paid to them, and that the said George Bramwell had agreed to advance and lend the fame, and had paid the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds to the said Charles Viscount Sackville, who had paid One Half-part thereof to the said Henry Otway Brand, and the other Half-part thereof to the said Gertrude Brand; and reciting that all Interest in respect of the said Portions had been paid, it is witnessed, that in Consideration of the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds (paid by the said George Bramwell as aforesaid, the said Charles Viscount Sackville at such Request, and testified as therein is mentioned) did allign unto the said George Bramwell, the Manor of Much Carlton, alias Carlton Magna, and Willingha7n, with' the Appurtenances in the County of Cambridge and all the Messuages, Lands, Woods, Wood-grounds, Mills, Furze, Heath, Liberty of Foldage, Sheep-courses, Common of Palture, Rents, Services, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments whatsover, late the Property of the said Thomas Brand deceased, situate in Much Carlton, alias Carlton Magna, Willingham, Burrough, Brinkley, W&ston, and Weston Colville, in the said County of Cambridge, with the Appurtenances (except the Advowson of the Church of Much Carlton aforesaid, and the Chapel of Willingham to the fame belonging,) to hold unto the said George Bramwell, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for all the Remainder of the said Term of One thousand Years created by the said Settlement, and the said Common Recoveries suffered in pursuance thereof, subject to Redemption on Payment of the Sum of Fifteeen thousand Pounds, and Interest after the Rate at the Xinies and in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas by a Memorandum in Writing under the Hand of the said George Bramwell, indorsed upon the said Indenture of Mortgage, the said George Bramwell did declare, that the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds expressed in the fame Indenture to have been paid by him, was not in Fa&paid by him, bur by the said Thomas Bratid j and the said George Bramwell did thereby declare, that he, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should (land possessed of the said mortgaged Premises, and the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds and Interest, m Trust for the said Thomas Brand, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: And whereas by Articles of Agreement expressed to be made the Eleventh Day of March, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, between the said Thomas Brand of the One Part; and the said Gertrude Baroness Dacre, Charles Viscount Sackville, George

Brain-

46° GEORGII III. Gap. ijt. 2755.

Bramwell, flcnry Otway Brand, Gertrude Brand, Lord William Beauclerk. Lord Amelias Beau clerk. Lord Frederick Beauclsrkt and Aubrey Duke of Saint A'Ibails, <ff the other Pait; after reciting that by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the -9CV Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wajles, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Carlton c uni Willingham, in the Coun'y of Cambridge, and for extinguistxng the Tythes in the same Parish, it was (among other Things) enacted, that it should be lawful for the Comrotf-lioners named and appointed in and by the said Ait of Parliament, to divide, set out, and allot the several Open and Common Fields, Commons,

Walles, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid, and also to ascertain the several Rents to be issuing and payable out of all the Lands as well open as inclosed in the said Parish, to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu of Tythes, in the Manner in the said Act particularly mentioned; and that it was by the said Act further enacted, that in case the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments thereby authorized to be divided allotted or exchanged, should hold their respective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures, or for different Dilates, or under different Tides, the said Commissioners should upon the Request of such respective Proprietors in Writing under their Hands ascertain and difliaguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of such Tenures for each of such Estates and under each of such 'Pities respectively, and should also set out and distinguish the different Allotments or other Hereditaments to be accepted and taken as an Equivalent in respect of each of them; and that it was thereby further enacted, that as soon as the Division and Allotments of the said Commonable Lands should have been completed, the said Commissioners should make and execute Award or Instrument in Writing, which should express the Quantity in Statute Measure of Acres, Roods, anil Perches contained in the lame Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, and the Quantity in like Measure of the several Parcels of Land set out and allotted to and for the said respective Proprietors in pursuance of the said Act, and also a Dele ription of the Situation, Buttals, and Boundaries of such Parcels and Allotments respectively, and such other Particulars as in the said Act are mentioned; and that by the said Act it was further enacted, that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which should be respectively allotted and exchanged by virtue of the said Act, should upon the Allotment and Exchange thereof respectively become and be of the fame Tenure, and be held under the fame Rents and Services, and go and remain to the same Uses and Trulls, and be subject and liable to the fame Devices, Powers, Conditions, Covenants, Agreements, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the Hereditaments in respect whereof the fame should be respectively allotted and exchanged were or should be subject and liable to, or would have been subject and liable to in case the Allotment and Exchange thereof had not been made, or the said Act had not passed, other than and except such Leases and Agreements at Rack Rent as should be determined and subject to such Charges and Incumbrances as should be made in pursuance of the said Act; and also reciting, that at the 'lime of pa fling the said Act, tile said Thomas Brand was seised in Fee of the Lands and Hereditaments mentioned in

Schedule

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap.

Schedule (A) thereto annexed (and mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act annexed) and was, by virtue of the said Will of his late Father Thomas Brandy seised of the Lands and Hereditaments mentioned in Schedule (B) thereto annexed (and mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed) as Tenant for Life thereof, with several Remainders over in Manner in the said Will mentioned; and reciting, that the Commissionerl appointed by the said Act of Parliament did by their Award in Writing, dated the Sixth Day of May One thousand eight hundred, in pursuance of the Powers and Directions contained in the said Act of Parliament, set out, allot, and award to the said Thomas Brand in respect of his said settled and unsettled Estates, all the Lands and Hereditaments mentioned and specified in Schedule (C) thereto annexed (and mentioned and specified in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed); but the said Commissioners had not by their said Award distinguished what Part of the said last mentioned Lands and Hereditaments were allotted to the said Thomas Brand in respect of his said unsettled Estates, or what Part of the fame Lands and Hereditaments were allotted to him in respect of his said settled Estates, it was thereby agreed and declared between all the said Parties thereto* that George Maxwell, John Hill, Charles Wedge, and Marion Welstead, the Commissioners and Surveyor named and appointed by the said Act, or any Two of them, should be and they were thereby appointed Arbitrators for ascertaining and distinguishing what Part or Proportion of the allotted Lands and Hereditaments comprized in Schedule (C) thereto annexed (and comprized in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed) ought to have been set out and allotted to the said Thomas Brand in respect of the settled Estates comprized in the said Schedule (B) thereto annexed (and comprized in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed), and what Part or Proportion of the fame allotted Lands ought to have been set out and allotted to the said Thomas Brand in respect of the unsettled Estates comprized in the said Schedule (A) thereto annexed (and comprized in the r irft Schedule to this Act annexed); and for the Purpose of facilitating such Ascertainment as aforesaid, it was thereby agreed between the said Parties thereto, that the said Arbitrators or any Two of them should have all the fame Powers, Authorities, and Discretions, as were vested in the said Commissioners by the therein before mentioned Act of Parliament, and should be subject to the Directions and Regulations in the same Act contained in that Behalf, and each of tire said Parties thereto did thereby agree to execute all such Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, as should be necessary for confirming the Award to be made by the said Arbitrators or any Two of them in pursuance thereof, and for obtaining an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and it was thereby agreed, that all the Colb, Charges, and Expences, which should be incurred in cohsequence of the said Agreement should be paid by the said Thomas Brand: And whereas by a Deed Poll under the Hands and Seals of the said John Hill, and Marion Weljlead, bearing Date the Twenty-eight Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, after reciting the said Articles of Agreement of the Eleventh Day of March then instant, herein-before recited, and that the said John Ili/l and Marion Weljlead having viewed and surveyed the said settled and unsettled Estates, and having considered the Situation and estimated the Value thereof, and having taken into their Consideration every material Circumstance and Particular attending the fame Estates respectively, did thereby in pursuance of the Power vested

4.6" GEORGII III. Cap. 131. 2757

In them by the said Articles of: Agreement, order, award* arbitrate, and declare that the several Allotments, Lands, and Hereditaments particularly mentioned and specified in Schedule (Y) thereto annexed (and; particularly mentioned atfd specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act annexed), containing in the Whole One hundred and twenty-five Acres Two Roods and One Perch, or thereabout^ ought to have been set out and allotted to the said Thomas Brand in respect of his said unsettled Estates, and they did set out and allot the same to him accordingly, and that the several Allotments, Lands, and Hereditaments particularly mentioned and specified in Schedule (Z) thereto annexed (and particularly mentioned and specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act annexed), containing in the Whole Six hundred and twenty-three Acres Three Roods and Five Perches, or thereabouts, ought to have been set cut and allotted to the said Thomas Brand in respect of his settled Estates, and that they did set out and allot the same to him accordingly: And whereas the said Thomas Brand, Gertrude Baroness Dacre, Charles Viscount Sackville

George Bramuiell, Henry Otway Brand, Gertrude Brandy Lord William Beauclerk, Lord Amelias Beauclerk, Lord Frederick Beauclerk, and Aubrey Duke of Saint Albanys, arc satisfied with the Award of the said Arbitrators, and are desirous that the fame should be confirmed and rendered effectual, and that the Allotments comprized in the said Schedule thereto annexed marked with the Letter (Z) (and comprized in the Fifth, Schedule to this Act^annexed), should be deemod and taken to be Part of the settled Estates to be exchanged with the said Thomas Brand, which will be ibr the Advantage and Convenience of all the Persons interested in the said settled Estates: And whereas by Indenture of Mortgage bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and expressed to be made between the said Thomas Brand of the First Part; the said George Maxwell and John Hill, Two of the Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of the Second Part j and John Clementson of the House of Commons in the City of Westminster, Esquire, of the Third Part; after reciting (among other Thing*) that by the said Act of Parliament it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners to divide, set cut, and allot the several Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable frauds and Grounds in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid, and ailb to ascertain the several Rents to be issuing and payable out of all the Lunds as well open as inclosed in the said Parish, to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu of Tyrhes, in the Manner in the said Act particularly mentioned; and that by the said Act it was further enacted, that it should be lawful for the respective Proprietors or Persons seised or entitled for any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or for any Estate of Inheritance of or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, thereby directed or authorized to be divided, allotted, exonerated from Tythts, and exchanged, or any Allotment or Allotments which should be set out in pursuance of the said Act, except the Rector of Carlton *um Willingham aforesaid for the Time being, at any Time or Times either before or after the Execution of the said Award, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, in Writing under their Hands, to charge such respective Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Allotments or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three Pounds an Acre, which [Loc. &'PerJ] 30 Z should

2753

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

should be laid out and expended by them the said Proprietors, at lent and advanced to them by any other Person or Persons for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into Execution; and for securing the Payment of such Sum of Sums of Money with Interest, to dtfmife, leaie, surrender, convey, and assure such respective Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Allotments as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, to the Person or Persons who should respectively lay out and expend or advance and lend the fame, or to any Trustee or Trustees to be nominated by him, her, or them, his, her, or their Heirs respectively in Fee or for Years, so as every such Demise, Release, Surrender, Conveyance, and Assurance, should be made with a Proviso for Redemption on Payment of the principal Money and Interest thereby secured, anil also with a Proviso that no Person in Remainder or Reversion who should become entitled in Pcfiession to the Hereditaments and Premises therein comprized, should be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest on the Money' so secured than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession should have commenced, and that every such Charge, Demise, Release, Surrender, Conveyance, and Assurance, as should be made in pursuance of the said Act, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, should be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended without any Fine or Recovery, and notwithstanding the Want of Title or any Settlement, Limitation, Uie, Trust, or Incumbrance affecting the fame Hereditaments and Premises or any of them, or any Part [thereof; and reciting the said Articles of Agreement of the Eleventh Day of March then instant, and the said Award of the said Arbitrators, bearing Date the Twenty-eighth Day of the fame Month of March; and reciting that the said Commissioners had al'certained that the Expences which had been laid out and expended by the said Thomas Brand in respect of the said settled Estates in carrying the said Act into Execution, considerably exceeded the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and that the said Commissioners had consented that the said Thomas Brand should charge the said Sum of Two thousand five hundrcd Pounds byWay of Mortgage upon the Lands and Hereditaments therein-after demiled, being the settled Estates of the said Thomas Brand in die Parish of Carlton cum V/illingham aforesaid, which were allotted to him or exonerated from Tythes by virtue of the said Act; it is witnessed that the said Thomas Brand in pursuance of the Power to him given by the said Act of Parliament, and with the Consent of the said Commissioners testified as therein mentioned, did charge the Lands and Hereditaments therein after demised with thesaidSum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds and Interest; and the said Thomas Brand in further pursuance of the said Power, and with the like Consent of the said Commissioners testifted as aforesaid, did demise unto the said John Clementson all the Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned and specified in the Schedule thereunder written, containing in the whole One thousand one hundred and fifty-seven Acres or thereabouts with the Appurtenances, to hold unto the said John Clcmentfon his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns from thenceforth for the Term of One thousand Years, without Impeachment of Waste, subject to Redemption on Payment of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds and Interest, after the Rate at the Time and in Manner therein mentioned; and it was thereby agreed and declared that the said John Clementson, his Executors, Administrators,; and Alligns, should stand poueffed of and interested in the said Sum of Two thousaDd five hundred Pounds, and Interest thereby secured as aforesaid, in

Trust

5759

4-6" GEORGII HI. Cap. izi.

Trull for the said Themes Brand, hfs Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: And whereas in order to Facilitate the said Exchange, the said Thomas Brand has proposed to take in Exchange the said settled Ehates in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid r charged with the said Two Sums of Fifteen thousand Pounds and Two thousand-five hundred Pound# to the said George Bramwell and John dement fan respectively, in Trust for him the said Thomas Brand, on the Amount of the said Two principal Sums being dedu&ed from the Value of the fame settled Estates, to which the said Henry Otway Brand, Gertrude Brand, Lord Willi am BcaucUrk, Lord Amelias Beauclerk, Lord Frederick Beauclerk, and Aubrey Duke of Saint Alban's, have consented and agreed: And whereas the Hereditaments in the Parishes of Ccddicot, Kimpton, Paul's Walden, and Kncbm-ortk aforesaid, of Which the said Thomas Brand is seised in Fee Simple as aforesaid, are of the gross Value of Thirty-one thousand six hundred Pounds and upwards, and the said detached settled Estates in the Parishes of Great Hormcdd and Albury, and in the Counties of Surrey, Cambridge, and Essex, and in the City of London, (after deducing from the Value of the said settled Estates in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid, the said Two principal Sums of Fifteen thousand Pounds and Two thousand five hundred Pounds charged thereupon as aforesaid), donot exceed the gross Value of Thirty thousand five hundred Pounds; and in regard that the Hereditaments so proposed to be given in Exchange by the said Thomas Brand are of greater Value than the said detached settled Estates charged as aforesaid, and the said Exchange will otherwise be advantageous and beneficial to all Persons interested in the said settled Estates, they the said Gertrude Baroness Dacre, Charles Viscount Sackville, Henry Otway Brand, Gertrude Brand, Lord William Beauclerk,

Lord A melius Beauckrk, Lord Frederick Beauclerk, and Aubrey Duke of Saint Alban's, are consenting to the said Exchange, and desirous that the fame may be carried into Effefl; but by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and in the said Will of the said Thomas Brand the Father herein-before Rated, the said Exchange cannot be carried into Execution, nor can the said Award of the said John Hill and Marion Weljlead be rendered effectual without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Thomas Brand the Son, Henry Otway Brand, Gertrude Brand, Lord William Beauclerk on Behalf of himselr and his Two Infant Children, William Aubrey de Vere Beauclerk, and John Nelthorpi Beauclerk, Lord A melius Beauclerk, Lord Frederick Beauclerk, and Aubrey Duke of Saint Alban's, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, anti Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, immediately from and after the passing of this present The Cached Act, the Manor and Advowson and all arid singular the Messuages, Lands, comprized'la* Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, and Parts and Shares of thtSi*riiSc»:«-the Advowson, Tythes, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, being, or jjrJ«r?ndm arising in the Parishes of Great Hormead and Albury in the County of d'scharged Hertford, and inthe Parishes of Farnhamaitd Marmden or One of them in the \

County of Essex, and in the Parishes of Mitch Carbon alias Carlton Magna Man jape Set-cum Willingham, Bur rough, Brinkley, Weflcn, and Weston Colville, or some ^, CDt of them in the County of Cambridge, and in the Pari (h of Wannesworth alias Wandciesworth alias Wandsworth in the County of Surrey, and in the

Parishes-

2760

46° GEORGII III. Cap 131.

Pari (lies of Saint Bridget alias Saint Bride's, Saint James Gariick Hit he. Saint Stephen Coleman Street, and Saint Mildred in the Poultry in the City of London, comprized in and settled by the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release and Settlement of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days; of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and devised by the: said recited Will of the said Thomas Brand deceased, and which arc particularly mentioned and described in the Sixth Schedule to this Act annexed* together with all and every the Rights, Members, Easements, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and the Reverlien and Reversions*/ Remainder and Remainders, Rents, llfues, and Profits, of all and singular, the fame Premises, shall be'veiled in and settled upon, and the same are hereby veiled in and settled upon the said Thomas Brand the Son* his Heirs and Assigns, to the Use and Behoof of the said Thomas Brand the Son, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged and* absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, arid againfli all and every the Use or Uses, Traits, Estates, Limitations, Powers,; Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, in and by the said Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and the said recited Will of the said Thomas Brand deceased respectively, limited, declared, expressed or contained of and concerning the same, in lien of and in exchange for the Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditary ments in the said Parishes of Coddicot, Kimptsn, Paul's Walden, and Kneb-

1worth, in the said County of Hertford, particularly mentioned and tie-feribed in the Seventh Schedule annexed to this Act, and herein* yelled in the said Lionel Damer and his Heirs in Manner herein^-tioned, but subject nevertheless to the exilling Leases heretofore gni. . \ of particular Parts thereof, and mentioned and described in the said Sixth Schedule annexed to this Act, and also subject to the said recited Mortgages for securing the said Two Principal Sums of Fifteen thousand Pounds and Two thousand five hundred Pounds as aforesaid.

The Estate And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

comprized in and immediately after the passing of this Act, all and singular the Mef-Srheduleof fudges, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, situate, which Mr. lying, being, or arising in the Parishes of Coddicot, Kimpton, Paul's Wal-

ffcised\nFer. and Knebworth, in the said County of Hertford, particularly men*

vetted in Mr. tioned and described in the said Seventh Schedule annexed to this Act, UfcTrfthf* togetller with aH and every the Rights, Members, Easements, and Ap-statlement. purtenances thereto belonging; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the fame Premises, shall be and Hand settled and affin ed and remain and continue, and the same are hereby settled and affined and declared to remain and continue freed and discharged of and from all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of him the said Thomas Brand the Son and his Heirs, but nevertheless to the Use of the said Lionel Damer, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon, and for and under, and subject to such and f© many of the Trulls, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Agreements, and Declarations, as in and by the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and the said recited Will of the said Thomas Brand deceased, are ra-spectively limited, declared, expressed, or contained of and concerning , the said Manor, Advowson, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and 3 other

4 GEORGII III. Cap. i3r. 2761

other Hereditaments, and Parts and Shares of the Advowson, Tythes, and Hereditaments in the said Counties of Hertford, Efflx, Cambridge, and Surrey, and in the said City of London, mentioned and described in the said Sixth Schedule annexed to this Act, and hereby vested in the said Thomas Brand the Son, his Heirs and Assigns, in Manner herein before mentioned in lieu of and in exchange for the said Manor, Advowson, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, and Parts and Shares of the Advowson, Tythes, and Hereditaments in the said Counties of Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, and Surrey, and in the said City of London, mentioned and described in the said Sixth Schedule to this Act annexed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said TI’^ Award

recited Award of the said John Hill and Marion Weljlead shall be, and the the fame is hereby absolutely ratified and confirmed, and the same shall be P-rt binding and conclusive unto and upon the said Thomas Brand, and all and ^sm^on the every other Person and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Div-fion ot Estate, Right, Title, Trust, or Interest whatsoever, under or by virtue of J^J^on the the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release and Settlement of the Exchange Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of April One thousand seven hundred *t^'cer# and seventy-one, and the said recited Will of the said Thomas Brand dc-

ceased, or either of them, and that the several and respective Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments which are mentioned or comprized in the said Schedule annexed to the said Award of the said Arbitrators, and marked with the Letter (Y) (and mentioned and comprized in the Fourth Schedule to this Act annexed), containing in the Whole One hundred and twenty-five Acres Two Roods and One Perch, shall be accepted, deemed, and taken as set out allotted and awarded to the said Thomas Brand the Son, in respect of the said unsettled Estates in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been io declared to be in and by the Award of the said Commissioners, made in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Elis said present Majesty, and the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be accordingly absolutely vested in the said Thomas Brand the Son, and his Heirs, by virtue of this Act; and also that the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments mem-tioned and comprized in the said Schedule annexed to the said Award of the said Arbitrators, and marked with the Letter (Z) (and mentioned and comprized in the Fifth Schedule to this Act annexed), containing in the Whole Six hundred and twenty-three Acres Three Roods and Five Perches, shall be deemed and taken as set out allotted and awarded to the said Thomas Brand the Son, in respect of his said settled Estates in the said Parish, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the fame had been so declared in and by the said Award of the said Commissioners, and shall (being Part of the said Estates taken in Exchange by the said Thomas Brand) accordingly be absolutely vested in the said Thomas Brand, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, by virtue of this Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That if the P*w?r of Re. laid Thomas Brand, his Heirs or Assigns, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, without his, their, or any ot their wilful. Default, be evicted or comt>rii.d in turned out of the Possession of the said Manor and Advowson, Messuages, sched^ie^h*

if Per.] 31 A. Land*, c*fe of Evio-

2j62 46® G LOR Gil III. Cap. 131.

tjo from iii« Lands, Tenements, Tythes and other Hereditaments, and Parts and Szra ;cn 5 Shares of the Advowson, Tythes, and Hereditaments in the said Counties sfxrh Scke- of Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, and Surrey, and in the said City of London, duie- mentioned and described in the said Sixth Schedule annexed to this Act:,

and herein-before vested in the said Thomas Brand the Son, his Heirs and Assigns, by any Person or Persons lawfully or equitably having or? claiming, or hereafter to have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, in, to, or out of the fame, so as to be in anywise prevented or hi dered from holding and enjoying the said Hereditaments, and every Part thereof according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case the said Mdfuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, situate, lying, being or arising in the said Parities of Cod-died,' Kimpton, Paul’s Walden, and Kncbwodh, in the said County of Hertford, particularly mentioned and described in the Seventh Schedule annexed to this Act, and hereby vested in the said Lionel Darner and his Heirs, to the Uses of the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and the said recited Will of the said Thomas Brand deceased, as aforesaid, shall immediately go and revert unto and to the Use of the said Thomas Brand, his Heirs and Assigns, in such and the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not passed, and then and in that Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Thomas Brand, his Heirs and Assigns, into and upon the fame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, or arising in the said Parishes of Coddicot, Kimpton, Paul’s Walden, and Knebworth, in the said County of Hertford, so hereby vested in the said Lionel Darner as aforesaid, to enter and to have, hold, and enjoy the fame, and to have and receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof to and for his and their own proper Use and Benefit, in such and the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he, they, or any of them could or might have done if this Act had never passed; any Idling herein-bsfore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if the said Charles Viscount Sackville as such Trustee of the said Term of One thousand Years as aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or the said Gertrude Baroness Dacre or her Assigns, or the said Thomas Brand the Son, or any other Person or Persons lawfully or equitably claiming or to claim under any of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and the said Will of the said Thomas Brand deceased, or either of them, shall at any Time hereafter without his, her, or their wilful Default, be evicted or turned out of the Possession of all or any Part or Parts of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments in the said County of Hertford, comprized in the Seventh Schedule annexed to this Act, and hereby vested in the said Lionel Darner and his Heirs in Manner aforesaid, by any Person or Persons lawfully or equitably having or claiming or hereafter to have or flaim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest of, in, to, or out of the fame, so as to be in anywise prevented or hindred from holding and enjoying the said Hereditaments according to the true Intent and Meaning eff this Act, i i then

I-?hd s"hehe dule, in case ot Eviction from the

Srized in the eventh Schedule.

276

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ill.

then and in such Case the said M inor, Advowson, Messuages, Lands', Tenements, Tythet, and other Hereditaments, and Parts and Shares of the Advowson, Tythes, and Hereditaments in the said Counties of Hert* ford, Essex, Cambridge, and Surrey, and in the said City of London, hereby vested iii the said Thomas Brand the Son, and his Heirs as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon go and revert to such of the Uses, upon such of the Trails, and to and for such of the Ends, Intents, and Purposes* and with under and subject to such of the Powers, Provisoes, Agreements and Declarations in and by the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and the said recited Will of the said Thomas Brand deceased, respectively limited, declared, expressed, or contained ol and concerning the said Hereditaments in the said Counties of Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, and Surrey, and in the said City of London respectively, as shall be then subsisting undetermined or capabl e of taking Eife£l, and then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles Viscount Saclville as such Trustee as aforesaid, the said Gertrude Baroness Dacre, or the said Thomas Brand the Son, or any other Person or Persons lawfully claiming or to claim under any of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and Will of the said Thomas Brand, into and upon the said Manor, Advowson, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, and Parts and Shares of the Advowson, Tythes, and Hereditaments in the said Counties of Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, and Surrey, and in the said City of London respectively, hereby'vested in the said Thomas Brand the Son, his Heirs and Adigns as aforesaid, to enter and to have, hold, and enjoy the fame, and to have, receive, and take the Rents, Ilfues, and Profits thereof, to and for his, her, and their own Use and Benefit, in such and the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as he, she, or they might or could have done if this Act had never passed, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Saving always, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Afligns, (other then and except the said Gertrude Baroness Caere and her Assigns, Charles Viscount Sackville, his Executors, Administrators, and Alligm, Thomas Brand the Son, Henry Otway Brand, Gertrude Brand, Lord William Beauclerk, William Aubrey de Vs re Beauclerk, John Nelthorpe Beauclerk, Lord Amelins Beauclerk, and Lord Frederick Beauclerk, and their respective Assigns, and all and every the Son and Sons of the respective Bodies of the said Thomas Brand the Son, Henry Otway Brand, Gertrude Brand, Lord William Beauclerk, Lord Amelius Beauclerk, Lord Frederick Beauclerk, and all and every the Heirs Male of ths Bodies and Body of all and every such Son and Sons respectively, and the said Aubrey I)uke of Saint Albans, his Heirs and Alligns, and all and every other Persons and Person claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, under or by virtue of the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred

OenCfJl

Sating.

3764

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

dred and seventy-one, and the said fecited Will of the said Thomas Brand deceased or either of them) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of in, to, or out of the said Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, hereby veiled, settled, and limited respectively in Manner herein-before mentioned, or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others. -

miick Atf.

46° GEORGII III. Cap.

2765

TheFirft SCHEDULE referred to by the Act.

Containing a Description of the unsettled Estates of the Honourable Thomas Brand, at Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, from the Purchase Deeds.

A Toft > -

Arable Land -

Meadow -

Failure -

W ood Ground -

In the Parishes of Carlton, Willingham, Weflon Colville, and Brinkley, in the County of Cambridge, heretofore called Burnt Farm (except such Parts thereof (if any) as are situate in Weston Colville and Brinkley aforesaid), which Hereditaments last above described were heretofore purchased by Thomas Brand the Grandfather of the said Thomas Brand, of the Bishop of Saint David’s, in Confi derat ion of £.945, and by Indentures of Lease and Release of the 22d and 23d Days of March 1762,were conveyed by the said Bishop unto and to the Use of the said Thomas Brand, the Grandfather, his Heirs and Assigns: -

A Messuage -

And all other the Hereditaments in Weston Colville, Carlton, and Willingham aforesaid (except such Parts thereof as are situate in Weston Colville aforesaid), which were heretofore purchased by the said Thomas Brand the Grandfather, of Sarah Hill, Henry Hill, and John Plumpin, in Consideration of £. 500, and were by Indentures of Lease and Release of the 18th and 19th June 1760, conveyed by the said Sarah Hill, Henry Hill, and John Plumpin, unto and to the Use of the said Thomas Brand the Grandfather, his Heirs and Assigns - A Messuage -

A Close of Pasture and Croft thereto adjoining -

Lands in the Common Fields of Carlton -

Chick Crofts in Carlton cum Willingham -

Lands in the Common Fields of Carlton cum Willingham Meadow Ground -

Arable and Pasture Lands in the said Common Fields A Messuage and Close of Pasture adjoining, and Orchards and Cardens thereto belonging -

Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands in the said Common Fields All which said Messuages and Lands last above mentioned are situated in Carlton with Willingham and Weston Colville aforesaid (except such Parts thereof as are situate in Weston Colviile aforesaid) and were heretofore purchased by the id Thomas Brand the Grandfather of John Plumpstead, in Consideration of £.480, and by Indentures of Lease and Release of the 15th and 16th December 1755, anc* Surrender therein mentioned, were conveyed unto the said Thomas Brand the Grandfather, his Heirs and Assigns

Examined with Schedule (A) annexed to the original Articles of Agreement of 11 h March 1806, of which it is a true Copy

31 B

[Lee. fc* Per.]

'John Carr.

270S

46° GEORGII III. Ca\ 131,

The Second SCHEDULE referred to by the Act.

Ct ntaining a Description' of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Brand at Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid, from the Purchase Deed.

The Manor of Much Carlton alias Carlton Magna, and Willingham in the County of Cambridge, with the Light . Members, and Appurtenances The Adv wfon of the Church of Much Carlton, and the C.h.pcl of Willingham, an.l all the Messuages, Lands, Woods, Woodgrounds, Mills, Furze, Heath, Liberty, Eoldage, Sheep Courses, Common of Pailure, Rents, Sciviced. Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in Much Carlton ahad Carlton Magna, and Willingham, which were heretofore purchased, with other Hereditaments in Bcrrcugh, Briiiley, Weston, and Weston Colville, in the said County of Cambridge, by John Codden Woolfe Esquire, of Sir Cane James Baronet, and Dame Ann his Wife, and John James their Son, in Consideration of £.\ 1,400, and by Indentures of Leuie and Release of the 2d and 3d of September 1720, wcTe conveyed by the said Sir Cane James and Dame Ann his Wife, and John James, unto and to the Use of the said John Godden Woolfe, his Heirs and Assigns -

Quantity.

Annual Value.

Examined with Schedule (B) annexed to the original Articles of Agreement of which it is a true Copy.

John Carr.

The

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lit.

i-f>7

The Third SCHEDULE referred to by the Ad.

Containing a Description of the Lands awarded under the Inclosure Act to the Honourable Thoim* Brand, for the Whole of his settled and unsettled L flutes at Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid.

No of Allot* in the Com" Award. Quantity. Annual Value: -

Land in the Outfield, allotted to the said Tho- A. R. P. £ ’ d.

mas Brand, as Lord of the Manor 3 ' 4 2810

t. Land on Church Green - - 1 3 38 I 1 I to

2. D" in the Crofts - 12 2 0 12 10 O

3- IV in I)" - - 7 0 J5 7 0 0.

4- D" on the South Side of Hammond’s Green - 1 T 29 1 13 6

5- D° in Little Low Kidd - - 42 0 35 48 6 0

6. I> on Rush Green - 0 0 37 0 3 0

7- D° in Willingham Green O 0 24 0 1 7

8. D on the South Side of ¥)n ' - - O OI7 022

9- L) in Willingham aforesaid 0 1 30 080

2 0. D in the Outfield - H* 3 7 >97 4 9

11. J2. I)° in the said Outfield D° in D° since exchtmgedwith Richard Frofl for Two Pieces of Land in Brinkley, lying near Galley Hill, inclosed with other Lands of the said Thomas Brand, containing ia. 432 2 IS 214 9 0

3s- 27P. - I III 018 0

!3* Lands in Mill Field 1 028 1 1 0

14* Land on Carlton Green 2 3 23 2 S 5

All which said Allotments are bounded, as in the said Commissioners’ Award is particularly mentioned or described. 749 1 6 492 6 t

Examined with Schedule (C) annexed to the original Articles of Agreement, of which it is a true Copy, with the Addition of the annual Value.

John Carr.

The

46° GEORGII III. Cap.

276$

The Fourth SCHEDULE referred to by the Act.

Containing a Description of the Lands since awarded to the said Thomas Brand, for his unsettled Estates at Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid.

Quantity. Annual Value.

Land in the Outfield (being Part of the i ith Allotment awarded to the said Thomas Brand by the Commiflh ne s' bounded on the North and East by other Part of the fame Allotment, on the South by the Weston Colville Road, and on the West by the Lordship of Weston Colville The 14th Allotment awarded to the said Thomas Brand by the said Commissioners, Award, bounded as therein A. r. r. 1- ' d.

122 2 18 39 9 ®

mentioned, containing - - . 2 3 23 285

12 5 2 I 61 17 5

Examined with Schedule (T) annexed to the Arbitrators’ Award of 28th March 18 06, of which it is a true Copy, with the Addition of the annual Value.

Join Carr.

Thfl

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 131. 2769

The Fifth SCHEDULE referred to by the Act

Containing a Description of the Lands since awarded to the said Thomas Brand, for his settled Estates at Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid.

Land in the Outfield allotted to the said Thomas Brand, as Lord of the Manor -

Land on Church Green, Allotment N° i in the Commissioners* Award -

D° in the Crofts, - Allotment N" 2 in - - D°

D° in D° - - - Allotment N° 3 in - - D°

Land on the South Side of Hammond’s Green, Allotment N° 4

Land in Little Low Field, Allotment N° 5 Land on Rush Green, Allotment N° 6 Land on Willingham Green, Allotment N° 7 Land on the South Side of I>, Allotment N° 8 Land on Willingham Green aforesaid. Allotment N° 9 Land in the Outfield, Allotment N° 10 Land in the said Outfield, being Remainder of the utl Allotment to the said Thomas Brand, in the said Commissioners* Award Land in D° since exchanged with Richard Froft for Two

containing ia. 3R. 27P. being N° Corrunissioners’ Award Land in Mill Field, N° 13

Quantity. Annual Value.

A. R. P. £ ' d.

3 1 4 2 8 10

3 38 I 11 10

12 2 O 12 IO O

7 0 2j 7 0 0

I I 29 1 13 6

42 0 35 48 6 0

0 0 37 030

0 0 24 0 17

O 0 17 0 2 2

O I 30 080

*4i 3 7 97 4 9

O O O *55 0 0

I I II 0 18 0

I O 28 I I O

623 3 5 428 8 8

Examined with Schedule (Z) annexed to the Arbitrators Award, of which it is a true Copy, with the Addition of the annual Value.

’John Carr,

The Lands comprized in the 3d, 4th, and 5th Schedules were valued as

above by us,

John Hill.

Marion WelJlead.

$ 1 C

[Loc.tfPer.]

The

»77» 4&° GEORGII III. Cep. 13*-

The SIXTH SCHEDULE referred to by the Act, containing a De-

Quantity.

A. R. f

2 2 8

O 2 32

I 0 26

I ° 3

o 2 13

0 2 ’3

0 2 32

o 0 37

0 I 27

° 3 6

8 2 37

0 2 6

o I 24

o 2 19

o 2 16

0 2 13

o 2 12

I 0 34

o 1 24

I 0 29

o I 22

o 2 37

o 2 19

o 2 38

o 3 2

0 3 32

I t 14

11 2 21

Names of Tenants;

In the Parish of Wandsworth in the County of Surrey

ElizabethWebb',heId under Lease which will expire z$th Dec. 1822

A Close called George's Mead Land in a Close called Briggs A Piece of Garden Ground 1 near the Oueen’s Head Pub- f lie House, containing ex- elusive of the Roads lying', within the Boundary thereof)

Land in the Common Fields In Thames Shot In Upper Shot In D*

In Austin’s Croft In D* in Pond Shot In D°in Cross Road Shot, exclusive of Road In D° - - - D#

Ralph Langton

In Upper Shot In Hermitage Shot In Austin’s Croft In a Shot West of Cross Road "1 Shot - J

In Bird and Bulh Shot In Gravelly Shot In D° East of last In Old Man’s Well Shot

Tenant from Year \In Lower Green Street Shot

to Year'

InD'

In D"

In D"

In Lower Shot abutting East 1 upon Martin Road . j In D"

In D°

In I>" adjoining Lord Spen- "I cer*s Bark . . J

Value of Elm Trees growing thereon

7Arth!ickfin, j SurveL°rs’

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i3t. 277*

scription of the settled Estates verted in the said Tho' Brand, in Fee.

Annual Rent.

OBSERVATIONS, &c.

Let with Houses and other Premises, at £.54 the whole of which Rent is estimated in the subsequent Valuation of the Houses:

It

1 V 1

{ - ' v ' 1

Reversionary Value

\ 1

i

At 30 Years Purchase - m 7

Dedu£t Tenls Interest till")

25th Deer 1822, being j

equal to an Annuity of J»28i 15 6

£.26 o 3 calculated I

at 5 per Cent. - J

498 12 o

At 30 Years Purchase being in an eligible Situation and Lands felling at a high Price in that Neighbourhood -£.816 12 6

Deduct Land Tax £. 16 S')

> 29 6 8

per Annum at 22 Years > 29 Purchase - J —

787 5 id 30 o o

Carried forward

n v,

I- 1,31 j 17 «o

2772 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

- The SIXTH SCHE-

Names of Tenants.

IntheParish of Wandsworth aforesaid - f Tyson Chapman, Te-h 1 nant under a Lease ( J which \villexpire25lh f March 1820 J

William Hall, Tenant J under a Lease which ( will expire 29th Sept-1 1823 )

Elizabeth Webb, Tenant under a Lease which/ will expire 25th Dec 1822

Fleet Street, in the Parish of St. Bridget, otherwiseSt. Bride’s London. f William Lovell, Te-T J nant under a Lease ( \ which will expire 24th /* (. June 1833 )

0 :.t «r> Geo. Blakiflon and J""j Whitcomb, Tenants under a Lease which J> will expire 2 5 March 1849 J

D’

iThomas Jones, Tenant'

1 under a Lease which will expire 29th Sep.

18.3

Benj. Hodgson, Tenant"! under an Agreement for a Lease for 28 V Years, from 25 th I March 1805 J

Felix Calvert, Esq. Tenant under a Lease which will expire 25th Dec 1810

A Messuage called the Crane

A Messuage, Garden, and Pieces 1 of Land thereto belonging - j

A Messuage called the George Inn A Chapel and Garden Three Houses in George Yard Five Messuages -

Two Houses in George Yard -) One Messuage One House Eight small Tenements in Crane Lane

A Messuage

A Messuage, Yard, and Buildings

A Piece of Ground adjoining, for-~\ merly the Old Gateway, demiled ( to Blakiflon and Whitcombefor ( 500 Years, ataPepper Corn Rent)

A Messuage

A Messuage

A Messuage in Falcon Court, near 1 Fleet Street J

46' GEORGII III. Cap. 131,

2773

DULE—(contihucS.')

1 Quantity of Land. Annual Rent. Annual Value.

A. R. P- £ s. d. , e

4 5 5 0 210 0

I I O 33 O O 32 0 0

- 54 0 0 237 O O

52 IO O 63 0 0

-; - 47 0 ° 210 0 0 1!

- 31 10 0 70 O O

j 63 0 0 70 0 0

- O O O 100 0 0

Carriedforward £-i2S 5 0 803 0 0

\Loc. VP >r-1 310

Brought forward

Value ia Fee.

{, > d.

hi'S l1 IQ

202 O O

640 O O

2,196 O O

780 o o

911 00

664 o a.

958 o 0

1,024 o

8,690 17 10

2774

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. i

The SIXTH SCHE.

Thames Street in the’' Thos Currier, Tenant'* Parish of St. James I under aBuilding Lease I GarlikeHythe, Lon- j; which will expire 29th j

don

j Sepr 1846

Said Tho« Currier, Te-"\ nant under a Building I Lease which will expire j 29th Sepr 1846 J

John Crace, Tenants under aBuilding Lease I which will expire 29th

Septr 18 46 J

Poultry in the Parish' of St. Mildred 111 the Poultry, London

Coleman Street, in' the Parish of St. j Stephen, London

Seven Messuages and Warehouses 1 adjoining - - J

Six Messuages and Warehouses *) adjoining - - J

Samuel Hall, Tenant"* under a Lease which ( will expire 25th Mar. C

1814 - J

Wm Limberry Grof-*j venor, Tenant under a Lease which will expire 25th Deer 1820, j but determinable by the Tenant on the Day of by giving 6 Months previous Notice - j

A Messuage, Wharf, Warehouses, and other Buildings, and a Yard in Black Swan £llcy, near Thames Street

A Messuage

A Messuage, Stables, and Yard -

c.

c C

04 \ I 00,8

*775

4 GEORGII III. Cap. 13 r.

DULF—(continued,)

Quantity of Land. Annual Rent. Annual Value. Observations. Value in Fee.

j A. R. P. r. i. d. £ * d. £ ' d.

Bro1 for* 325 5 ° 803 0 0 j Bro- ford - S,6go 17 10

O O O 0 0 826 Q O

43 0 0 0 0 0 80S 0 0

0 0 0 270 0 0 CA O O O

100 0 0 C\ 0 O 1,682 O O

j

- 50 0 0 0 0 VO 600 O O

Carr'1 forwd - - 5 ° 1.733 0 0 14,466 17 IO

These several Calculations were made by me upon Principles of valuing the subsisting Leases, agreeably to the Securities of the reserved Rents, with the Rev erfionary Ground Rents in Fee, as they appear to merit, and the Buildings for the Time they may (land; then the Value of the old Materials, and all these in present Money, at different Rates of Interest, as the Circumstances seem to deserve.

Cha, Alex. Craig.

2776

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 131

The SIXTH SCHE-

Names of Places.

In Carlton cum Wil- 'j iingham, in the Coun > ty of Cambridge - J

Noney Farm, situate"] in the Parishes of Carlton cum Wil- lingham and Brink- f ley, in the County of Cambridge - J

Brickkiln in the"') Parish of Carlton ( cum Willingham, in f

the aforesaid County J

Wick Farm, in the') said Parish of Carl- > ton cum Willingham J

Names of Tenants. LANDS. Quantity.

A. R. p.

In hand ("The Manor of Much Carlton h alias Carlton Magna and

Willingham J

D" Quit Rents -

l’he Revd Wm CThe Advowson of the Church'!

Boldero, the present Incumb1 of Much Carlton and the > (_ Chapel of Willingham - J

Upper Lady Field 11 2 13

Lower Lady Field 723®

Burnt Field - - II I 20

Nine Acre Field 9 2 0

The Five Acre Field 4 3 !5

The Four Acre Field 506

William Edrupt Opefey Field is 3 34

rl enant from The Homestead, with House and \

Y ear to Year - Barns - - - J

Noney Field 12 2 30

The Three Acre Meadow 4 I 20

- The Eight Acre Ley 8 1 20

Noney Grove 12 0

Oakey Pasture 34 3 3°

The Four Acre Pasture 4 2 10

The Three Acre Corn Field \ 4 0 10

134 2 8

George Miffen Tenant from Year to Year - Brickkiln Close Far Cow Pasture The Meadow Ground The Home Cow Pasture 3 1 0 11 1 1 3 3 0 6 3 39

25 I 9

'Wick Pasture 720

Little Wick Pasture 3 3 >7

Great Wick Pasture .0 2 26

John Grigg Tenant from Year to Year Allot1 awd for Royalty Alio1 awd to Cornell and Exchd D" to Pollard and Exchd D" Mr. Brand for Soam’s Exp* - 3 1 4 1 0 28 420 3 0 0

Sixth Allotment to Mr. Brand 0 0 37

Seventh D° - _ 0 0 24

Part of Tenth D° 60 2 7

94 3 23

Carried forward

2777

4<j" GEORGII III. Cap. j3t

DUtE—{continued.)

Annual Rent. Annual Value. Total Annual Value of each Farm. Observations. Value iu Fee.

It 1. £ £ *. d. £ > d. Brought forward £. 14,466 17 10

232 17 6 f Being Years Purchase of the 7 1 anal Value of the Copyhd Eils J <0 0 0

464 - . . At 20 Years Purchase 86 6 6

324 0 0 f Subject to the Life of the 1

present Incumbent, now 1,859 0 0

5 >5 'o t aSei^ 3$ Years, is worth .)

111 3 17 0

I'n: S >3 11

n Iji 6 12 7

3 8 7

a 508

12 5 7

tit 1 10 0

6 18 7

2 11 7

|« 4 19 7

0 18 0

Jtll (il 20 17 7

2 14 9 289

83 13 0

8o o o

|J»:

- i 18 7

- 7 ‘7

2 16 2

Jij 4 17 10 17 10 6

17 o o

- 979

4 0 7

lO ‘ 11 3 9 2 8 10

)' 0 16 0

3 7 6

>' - 2 5 0

)' 030

DM 0 17

< - 61 6 0

95 0 0

0 0 o>

iii*: [£«. is Per.] 198 3 £ 31 E >7.343 >4 e

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13

2778

The SIXTH SCHE-

Names of Places.

Names of Tenants.

Brought forward

The Outfield Farm in' the said Parish of Carlton cum Wil-j linghain

Revd N. C. Lane -

The Pightle

Part of Tenth Allotment I The Eleventh Allotment Land formerly in Brinkley The Thirteenth Allotment Long Clcfe

Carlton Hall Farm in 1 the aforesaid Parish J

Josh Long

'Home Close Apefey Field

The Homeftcad, Outbuilding, &c.

Ox Meadow

Long Handy

Lower Eight Acres

Horse Pasture

Burnt Ground

The Eight Acres

Upper Leigh

Upper Eight Acres

Lower Ley

Short Handy

Long Crofts

Little Bush Field

Great BushPafture

Glover’s Meadow -

Lower Ley

Upper Ley

Little Field

Fourth Allotment awarded to Mr.

Brand Whichever Crofts

'Willingham Green") Farm in the aforesaid Parish of Carl- )> ton cum Willing- ham - - J

Wm Long

'The Pightle

The Great Pightle

Willingham Green Close

Shepherd Cottage and Close

Fifth Allotment

Eighth Ditto

Ninth Ditto

Carried forward

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 131

2779

DULE—{ctntinued.)

Quantity.

: R. P.

0 2 I

18. I O

310 0 0

1 3 37

1 0 28

1 2 10

4 2 10

40 2 0

1 3 it

7 0 39

4 3 4

8 2 32

8 1 18

I I 2 24

9 3 24

10 2 14

6 3 3°

6 2 14c

7 2 l8

2 I 8

4 1 28

14 0 3

10 3 3

4 2 23

7 1 36

s 1 13

I 1 29

'4 1 14

Q 2 24

0 3 24

4 3 33

I O 20

42 ° 3J

0 0 !7

0 1 3°

Annual Rent. Annual Value Annual Value of each Farm. observations. Value iu Fee.

£ 5. d. £ s. £. s. d. £, 4. d.

- 198 3 6 Bro* forward - >7.343 '4 6

O 3 9

- '35 l8 9 Let with other

" ‘55 ° O

" O l8 O

- I I O

I 18 2

295 9 8

5 9 5

- 5° 1 2 6

- LG O 0

- 8 6 0

4 '5 5

" 7 16 7

- 7 2 1

9 6 7

6 18 10

‘3 5 0

- 4 3 2

4 12 3

6 1 a 7

5 G 7

- 3 I 10

- *7 IO 0

- ‘3 9 0

5 ‘5 0

7 7 10

8 5 4

1 >3 6

- 7 16 e

O O O

- O '7 7

- I 4 4

_ 5 9 4 Let with other

- 3 7

- 48 6 0

- 0 2 2

0 8 0

58 1 0

_ - 771 14 1) >7.343 >4 6

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 13 i.

?7So

The SIXTIKSCHE-

The Church Farm in Carlton cum Willingham aforesaid

Carlton Green Farm'j in the aforesaid > Parish - - J

Field Farm in the~\ Parish of Brinkley ( in the said County f of Cambridge J Ty thes in the Parish of~) Weston Colville, as fixed by the Commissioners’ Award upon the Inclosure

W" Long

Wm Maling Dan1 Cream

of that Lordship The Wood Lands

In hand

fohn Carter Pollard Esq.

Brought forward

Close

Homestead with Farm House and . Bams &c. jOak Failure (Church Green Meadow Long Field IXnight’s Failure /No. 1. Allotment to Mr. Brand No. 2. Ditto No. 3. Ditto

Several Pieces in the Open Fields -

Tythes of Land

f Carlton Great Wood I Walter’s Grove

Dedufl the Two Mortgages on the I Estate amounting together to J I

46' GEORGII III. Cap. i;$r.

DUI.E—(continued.')

-a/Si

aj

Fa.

Quantity. Annual Rent. Annual Value. Annual Value of each Farm. O&fervations. Value in Fee.

A. R. P. 500 L- t. d. " C- d. 604 £ ' 4 771 14 2 Broughtover L- d. *7 >343 14

1 2130 26 1 28 >9 1 8 7 1 4 10 3 '30 3 38 12 2.0 7 ° *5 - 6 0 O 2 6 16 4 9 ^5 4 7 5 5 11 9 9 1 11 10 12 10 0 700 ’88 9 5 0 0 k Let with 'other Lands.

2 3 23,) - . . Cn O - Let with other Lands a

22 0 '30 12 0 0 13 0 0 13 0 to

- 28 0 0 28 O 0 28 0 0

143 ’2 *0 12 10 73 18 0 6 2 0 O O 80 OO

Dedufl Land Tax 69 0 of Corn Rent no 13 9/ 986 3 2 *79 *3 9

Valued at 28 Years Purchase, being the usual Number of Years Purchase at which Estates in 8o6 £ 5

that Neighbourhood similarly circumstanced, being remote from any considerable Market Town, surrounded by bad Roads, and not in an eligible Situation, are fold. Value of the Timber growing thereon, viz. 2144 Oak Trees, containing 353 Loads 47 Feet, at £.6 10 per Load of 50 Feet, excluding all under 6 Inches Girt £ 2,300 12 Z' 41 Ash Containing 5 Loads Feet \ 22 f Q at £.7 15 per Load of 50 Feet J 18 Elm containing 3 Loads 48 Feet 1 17 0 at j£*3 15 Per Load of 50 Feet J / 1055 Saplings valued in 3 Clalfes'J of 1, 2, and s. each, being on >117 13 0 22,581 6 0 2.455 3

25,036 9

an Average of about 2s. 3d. each J

John Hill, 7 o Marion Weljlead, j un,e'°

[Ltr. fit for.}

*) 7>53s 9 2

Cdfiieti forward 24,883

F

2782 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

The SIXTH SCHF.

In the Parish of Farnham in the > County of Essex J

IntheParish of Al-'j bur yin the County > of Hertford J

Tho’Bardwell heldT under a JLcafe I which will expired 10th October 1810J

Namei of Tenant!.

A Messuage called Bucks, with"! the Orchard and Garden, situate at Farnham Green, y and a Croft on the East Side of the said Messuage - j

Land in Reading Field, now 1 Part of upper Clay Pits - J Land in Aldwick Field, now,) a Pightle or Inclosure - J Land, late Parcel of Hanging Hill J

Land in Mill Field, now") called Aldwick Field - j Land in Rowghey Field A Garden called Sywards') and Three Crofts indofed f thereto containing together J Carter’s Acre, lying on a| Croft called Bonelhot - J Land, late Parcel of Upper 1 Percocks - - j

Holders Croft - -1

Holders Lane - - J

Land lying in Crackley jStoney Field iLand in Mill Field

Ad

Quantity.

3 2 *6

t [ IOO

0 3 24

2 ° 35

1 i 8

I O 22

5 O 20 I O 0 I O 10

3 9 2 30 O 22

3

1 r

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

DULE—Continued.)

2783

Annual Rent. Annual Va'ue.

OBSERVATIONS.

C ' *£. dA

0 17 O

1 6

10 10 o 18 3

018 o 112 9 IX 2

5 4 7 13 6 4 2103 1 9 1

53 3 9

Brought forward

Let with other Lands at an entire annual Rent.

Valued at 28 Years Purchase, the Buildings being in veryi bad Repair, the Lands lying' much dispersed, and in an/ ineligible Situation, as to\ Roads and Market Towns Deduct a Proportion of the*) Land-Tax, of/.4 per An- ! num, at 22 Years Purchase J

Deduct Ten«lnrerefl till the ioth October 18 to; the J| Proportion of- the present#j annual Rent being ^.28., ioj. less than the present/| annual Value of the Eftare, which in present Money is equal to

£ > d.

24,880 3 3

1,489 5 o

Value of Timber, confiding of fmal I Oik, Ash, and Elm

reel, and Saplings growing upon the above Estate J-j__

Carried forward

J^343 5 o

26,223 8 3

46° GEORGII III. Cap:iji.

The SIXTH SCHE-

! :y.--.es of Places. Names of Tenants. ‘ - C - / t PREMISES. ' Quantity.

a. r. r.

The Moiety or Half Part of the Tythes of Corn, Grain,

It the Parish of and Hay, and other Tythes,

i: r.nead in the Nathaniel Prior belonging to the Reflory of

C atity of Herts. Great Hormead, containing about - G5S4 o q

Rev11 Zac. Brooke, the prefer Incumbent. - - 'The Third Part of the Rents and Services and the Presentation to the Vicarage every Third T urn - V

4

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

DULE—'continued.)

2785

0 ' d-

£. ,. d.

OBSERVATIONS.

Brought forward

/At 28 Years Purchase, there being noTythe Homestead, or other Building belonging thereto, and a considerable Part of the Lands lying dif-perfect in open Fields -

£ - d.

33 0 0

IDcduft Land Tax about. £.9 16s. per Annum at i2 Years Purchase.

'The Presentation every Third Turn subject to the Life of the present Incumbent now aged 39 Years, is worth

L ' d.

26,223 8 8

4,135 12 0

30,496 2 8

"dnlh^Jack/er, 1 Surreyc

31 G

ILoc. VPer.~]

2786 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

The Seventh SCHEDULE referred to by the Ad, containing a Description of

In the Parish of'j Coddicot, in the > County of Herts J

>P

e-*'

Names of Tenants.

PREMISES.

The capital Messuage called") Haywards alias Stagnor > Hall - - - - J

Bi ett Esquire,( geveraj incj0feci Fields called 'j Oldbury’s, now in One > Inclosure - - - J

Geo. Wyman - Edwd Pearce and") in Hand - - J

Edwd Pearce Geo. Wyman - Ja* Pavett

Undemood Males Jos" Biggs -

Geo. Wyman - Geo. Wyman -

Underwood Males -

All Tenants from Year to Year.

Waterdale in Three Pieces Gilver-street in Two Pieces

Grey Croft Sheep Croft Longlands High Heath Cobbills Meadow Lye Shott

Part of Oak Tree Field Sand Pit-field

Purchased of Rd Hall, with other Lands - - J

Quantity,

59 36

27 3 ‘7

9 i 19

0 8

1 16

3 *3 ‘ 35 5 o 24

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 131. 2787

the Fee Simple Estates of the said Thomas Brand, to be limited in Settlement.

- 31 >4 3 A

- 9 11 9

a - - 7 5 2)

- 4 3 9

- S’ 74

* !l 17 IQ 1

500 7 'i ’0\

- 3 16 9 ^1

- 5 4 6}

- S >2

S . j ] 380 15 s I

r

Value of Timber gre

OBSERVATIONS.

Landlord pays all Taxes.

The House and Offices about 30 Years ago, cofl: near £.2,500 in the building of them, and about Four or Five Years pad the Additions, a further Sum of£.1,500, making together £.4,000, which at the low Rate of £.2 per Cent, only, would be £.80 per Annum, whereas this is called at £.71. 15. per Annum, and Houses in general are charged at Six, Seven, or even Eight per Cent, per An num, according to their probable Duration.

Let with other Lands at an entire annual Rent.

Rent.

130 Years Purchase, being in an eligible') Situation, and Land felling at a high > Pi ice in that Neighbourhood - - J

The Land Tax is redeemed.

241 Oak Trees, containing 79 Loads, 18 Feet, at an Average of nearly £. 11. 15 per Load of 50 Feet, excluding all under the Girt of 6 Inches -93 Affi, containing 49 Loads, 33 Feet, at D° of")

nearly £.6 9 6 per Ld - - j321 TI

95 Elm, containing 45 Loads, 28 Feet, at D° ofl

£.4 18 per La - _j 223 4

9 Walnut, containing 1 Load, 34 Feet, at £.10 per Ld 16 16 4 Beach containing 2 Loads, 46 Feet, at £.4 per L4

114 Saplings valued in 3 daffies of 1, 2, and 3 Shillings 1 each, being upon an Average of nearly 2s. a4- - J

Carried forward -

£ ' d.

11,423 IO O

M*9

12,942 10 6

2788

46° GEORGII III. Cap.

The Seventh SCHE-

Name# of Places. Names of Tenants. PREMISES. Quantity.

A. R. P.

Biggs Grove 3 2 *9

In the parish of\ Knebworth, in I the County of f Hertford - J In Hand 1 House, Stables, Yard, and'. Home Close, (including ( in Value a Piece within ( the Hoo Park) - J Lower Haggling Croft Upper Haggling Croft O(borne Close - - 2 3 21 7 1 n 26 0 27 16 1 1

Riddingdell Seven Acres - - 7 131

D° - - Five Acres 5 1 a*

New Close 22 3 37

Add for Piece within the"i Park, and for Lanes ( through and adjoining j the said Lands - J Purchased of R WarburO ton, fcytton . Elq. width other 'i - i .,) ’; I 300

\ i 9J 0 *4

V , f t,

0° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

2789

D ULE—(1continued.)

Annual Rent. Annual Value. OBSERVATIONS, &c. Value in Fee.

£ ' d. £ ’ d.

" x 19 ioN Brought forward 12,942 10 6

IO O O

8 8 4 26 3 5 13 16 j 6 13 11 4 16 10 21 l6 7 The Whole of this Estate is either in Hand, or let with other Lands at an entire annual Rent

93 '5 4 At 3» Years Purchase, being in an eligibleh Situation, and Land felling at a high > Price iti that Neighbourhood - - J 2,813 0

The Land Tax is redeemed.

Value of Timber growing upon the above Estate, viz.

72 Oak Trees, containing 23 Loads 31 Feet, at^.iol , per Load of 50 Feet - - - j23° 4 0

6 Ash Trees, containing 1 Load at £.6 per Load - - 6 0 0

i Elm, 3 Feet - - - - 0 4 6

1 Beach, 16 Feet - . - - - I 4 0

3 Walnut Trees, i Load 30 Feet at £. x0 per Load - 16 0 0

49 Saplings, at x Shilling each - - - 2 9 0 262 i 6

Carried forward - 16,017 12

lL#r. V Per.] C3»«

279® 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

The Seventh SCHE

Names of Place*. Names of Tenants. PREMISE Quantity.

A. R. P.

In tke Parish oH Kimpton, in the > County of Herts J In the Parish of St. A Paul’s Walden, in the County C of Herts - -) |ohn Nicholas, Tenant from Year to Year D" l'he P.irfonage House, Barn, D Stable, Yard, Garden, Or- V chard, and Home Cloie - J Dowdells Wirk - - Broad Croft Wick Mill Field f Dell Field < The Six Acres t Chalk Dell Field St. Mary’s Pintle Egnall Field New Close Two Acres in Church Field I Common - - J Elicroft - rRowgate Hill Piece in the 1 Holt Common - - J l^One Acre in Dane Common > 35 0 3 37 1 i 3 ii I 34 9 I 2 630 23 0 21 2 I 22 9 I S 5 2 16 2 0 3 6 111 1 1 0 0 3 18

81 00

v i r* The Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, and all other Tythes issuing out of several Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Kimpton, containing together about - 1,673 0 0

v 1

Purchased of Sir Rob' Salulbury, Bar' with other Tythes, since sold to the Rev* John Hawkins and Rich0 Oakley.

Tn the ParishofSt.'l Paul’s Walden > aforesaid - - J In Hand |XU the Tythes of Corn anc Grain whatsoever growing J upon several Parcels o Land in the Parish of Paul’s Walden,containing together \ about - 182 2 0

Purchased of the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul’s London.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

COLE—(continued.)

2791

>5 a

17 2

2 10 >9 3-

8 9

3 8

418 5 o

336 19 3

7 >* 9-1

OBSERVATIONS.

Brought forward

At 30 Years Purchase, being"] in an eligible Situation, and Lands felling at a,) high Price in that Neigh- j bourhood. J

Deduct Land Tax, £-2° 4 per Ann. at 22 Years Purchase

At 30 Years Purchase

A great Proportion is Grass Land and in the Hoo Park.

The Laird Tax is redeemed.

Total

£ s. i.

16,108 17 6

664 8 o

£ 4. d.

16,017 12 o

15,444 9 6 226 3 104.

31,688 5 44

John Will, 1 Anth. Jackson, } Surveyors.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahxv, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

OTZ V.I?.30*«IAtJp

$* > '

.: ' "'S' ' ' ": ii/ /

in * " r srft fii .-bum /

-?* v ,lu i;i: ,v:IVjftM

Wjw/ i \ W»i. ,tw>&«vr "

.: ' - i 4-i' b'i' I

(- .' . c v ' bafiutrt

> a it r r

t- \f\M

r T

c. I. tnoin'i tmifl

A- 5 1 "..nmfO mnruM

- jf t f< iip"

bn* \!m(J a.'..for.

n u %5 m]

'DIE

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4W* Mt4 4H»* 4H|t*

Cap. 132.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, so far as the fame relates to the Compensations to be made by certain Commissioners therein named.

[2 tft July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 461 for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner therein mentioned, were made Commissioners for nuking Satis-section and Compensation to the fvcrai Owners and Occupiers of Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warchoufts, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, and to the Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, and Free Carmen of the City of London, and other Persons interested in or employed upon the fame Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Ware-houses. Docks and other Tenements and Hereditaments, and to the Governors of Chriji's Hospital, in the City of London, for and on Account <-f Carroons for the Injury, Loss, or Damage which such Owners, Oc-\JLoc. & Ptr.~\ 31 H cupierr.

279°

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

cupiers, Porters, Carmen, and other Persons and Governors respectively should fuller or fuftiin by carrying the Powers of the Paid Act into Execution, as should fa? agreed on between the said Comnwflioners and such Owners, Occupiers, and other Persons respectively, and the said Commissioners and the said Governors: And whereas by One other Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His. present jsand+oG.j. Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other c- 47* Works, for tht greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce,

and Revenue. within the Port of London, the said Commissioners were directed to make Satisfaction and Compensation to the several Owners and Occupiers of Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, Owners of Lighters and Craft, and Free Carmen of the City of London, and other Persons interested in or employed upon the fame Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, and to the Governors of Chriji’s Hospital, in the City of London, for or on Account of Carroons, for the Injury, Lois, or Damage which such Owners, Occupiers, Porters, Carmen, and other Persons and Governors respectively should suffer or iuftain by carrying the Powers of the Lid Act into Execution, as should be agreed on between the said Commissioners and such Owners, Occup'ers, and other Persons respectively, and the said Commissioners and the Lid Governors: And whrrcas by One other Act, made in the Forty-Lcond Year of the 4» G, 3. e*iii* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act,

♦faffed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ‘An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London,’ so far as the fame relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established, and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act, the said Commissioners were directed to make Satisfaction and Compensation to certain Lightermen and Sugar Coopers, in case it should appear to the said Commissioners that such Persons should have suffered or sustained any Loss or Injury by carrying Into Execution the Powers of the said Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And whereas by One other Act of

44G.3 c.xoo. Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks, made under an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, 4 Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Securiy of ‘ Shi;ping. Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks,* the said Comn ifTi ners were directed to make Satisfaction and Compensation to certain WineCocptfs and other Coopers and Vintners Porters, if they should fufhio any >nju y, Lois, or Damage, by carrying into Execution the Powers of the said Acts: And whereas by One other Act of Parliament, nude in the Forty-fif h Year of

45 G. 3. c. 58. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majfty for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodai tion and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Pravifms of the said Act, the said Commissioners were directecj to make Satisfaction and Compmlation to ihe Master, Wardens, and Freemen and Commonalty of the Mystery: Of Vintners of cheXity oi London, if any Loss, Injury, or Damage should

G- GEORGII ITT. Cap. t3S. 2791

be fnftained by the<n« by carrying into Execution the Powers of the said Acts: And whereas by One other Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefeilt Mapfty, intituled, An Act for the further Im- 43G.j-c.ui. frovement of the Port of London, by miking Docks and other Works at Blackwai], fir the Acofnmdation of the East India Shipping in the said Port, the said Commissioners were directed ro make Sut sfacaon and Compci.fa-tion to Thomas Pitcher, or the Owner, Propne or, or Occu; ier for the Time being of the Docks, Slips, Dock Yard, and Prtmifts, at Nonbf et in the County of K*nt, known by the Name of Pitch 9s ¥ard> in cal he should receive any actual Loss cr I'jury by reason of the Trouble or Expence of conveying Ships and VeflcJs to and from ihe laid Ya d for the Purpose of Repairs, or by any other Means, or in case any of Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of any other of the Docks, Slips, and Dock Yards, in the Port of London, Ihoul^ be injured, and the Property in the said several Docks, Slips, ?rd Dock YauT respectively should become less Valuable, or in case any Person or Persons inrerelted in the Trade carried on at sech Docks, SI ps, and Dock Y-n's, or any of them, should sustain actual Lois or Damage by carrying the Powers of such Act into Execution: And whereas it was by the said first recited Act directed, that the Monies to be p^id for making such Satisfaction and Ccrmpensation should be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain Rates and Duties wre granted and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, on all Ships or Vessels using the Port of London, to be applied in paying the Principal and Interest of the Monies so paid out t>f the Consolidated Fund: And whereas tly Powers granted to the said Commissioners by the said recited Act, macT in the I hirty-ninrh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. are infufli ient for the Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that certain of lu^h Powers should be altered, repealed, or enlarged j hue as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it thereHre please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confrnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and C< mmons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, p.Tw?r*of Provifmns, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Regulations, Matters, and "*at\ Things, in the fai l recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of ti e Reign of His present Majesty, contained, so far as the fame relate to, this Act. affect, or u’.ywtfe concern certain Persons therein called the Commissionets of the salt! Compensations (save and except such Parts thereof as are void, altered, or repealed) shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for carrying into Execution the several Powers and Authorities vested in the said Commissioners by-the said fevrra!'recited Acts and this Act, as if the fame had been repeared and re-enacted in the Body of this Acr.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir JVatkin Lewes Knight, Nalhanisl Additional Netvnbatn Esquire, Sir Richard Ca r Clyn Barcner, Sir William Staines Knight, John Perrin% Esquire, John Anfley Esquire, Charles Fliner penhuon. Esquire, Th mas Smith Flquire, Thomas Row croft Esquire, Joshua Jonathan Smith Esquire, Richard Lea hlq ire, Sir Matthew Bicxham Knight,

CtnudittS St'phen Hunter Eq re, John' Prinfep Esquire, Jo flub Bcydell Esquire, George Scho ty Eiquirr, Join Peter Hanky Esquire, and William Lomville Kiquire, and all the Aldermen of the City of London for the Tirrte being, Arthur DabiJ Lewis Agajfix Esquire, Thomas Bainbridge

Esquire,

279*

For the Appointment of Commissior-ers of Com-

in the Room of those who shall die, or decline or become incapable to act

Mertings on Emer&cncie?.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

Esquire, John Batard Esquire, Peter Bert bon Esquire, Boyce Combe Esqttire, Francis Ea<erby Esquire, John Inglis Esquire, Thomas King Esquire, Richard Lcvpin, Junior, Esquire, John William / ubbock Esquire, Abraham Mello Esquire, Joseph Merceron Esquire, Job viaftbnu Ratkes Esquire, William Tocke Robinson Esquire, Robert Sli de Esqi ire, Isaac Solly Esquire, Samuel Thorp Esquire, Thomas Tocke Esquire,; d Samuel Turner Esquire, are hereby added to and joined with the Cotnmiffi . s £ the said Compensations; and such additional Commissioners, and their Si.e-cessors, to be appointed in Manner directed by t; is Act, after taki r.g the Oath prescribed to be taken by the said Commissioners by the said rei ited Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall have, and are hereby declared to have as full Po er and Auhority to act in the Management of the Business of the said Com peril aiions directed to be made by the said Acts herein-before mentioned, or any of them, in such and the same Manner in all Reflects as if they had been by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, originally appointed Cuinmissioners of the said Compensations.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners for the said Compensations, nominated or appointed by virtue of the said recited A£>, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or herein nominated, or to be hereafter appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die, or refuse, or decline, or bee me incapable to ace in the Management of the Business of the said Compensations before the Whole of such Business shall be performed, then and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it fhdl be lawful lor the furvi ng or remaining Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, aljembfed at any of their Meetings, to appoint any other indiff rent P of n or Pcifo is to be a Comm:fiioner or Commissioners to act in the Management of the Business of the said Compensations in the Stead of the Commissio;*cr or Commissioners who shall have so died, or refused, declined, or became incapable to act as aforesaid; and Notice of the Time and PLce of the Meeting for every such Appointment and of the Purpose thereof, shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioner-, by Advertisement in Two O’-more of the publck Newspapers printed in the City < f London, or City and Liberty of Wejbr.infier, and also by Letter sent by Post cr otherwise, addressed to each of the said Commissioners at thei respective lad or usual Place or Places of Abode, Three Days at the lead before such Meeting shall be holden; and every such new Commissioner, so to be appointed, shall and may, after taking the Oath directed to e taken by the said Commissioners by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majedv, act in the Management of the Business of the said-Compensations in such and the same Manner in all Respects as if he had been by the said Act or by this Acc originally appointed a Commissioner of the said Compensations, any Thing in the said recited Acr, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, if after any Adjournment cf any Meeting of the said Commissioners, it shall at any Tim? or Times be thought neerflary that a Meeting of the Commissioners should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall ha^e been

2793

46° GEORGII III. Cap. r?2.

adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Commissioners (an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the Lid Commissiontw* mentioning the Time and Place of fjch earlier Meeting, being given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notjco of such earlier Meeting by Letter fenc by Polt or otherwise, addrelFd to each of the said Commissioners at their respective last or usual Place or Places of Abode, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Commissioners (such Tims not being lei's than Three Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Comm flioners at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Commissioners had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

V. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act, made in the Repealing Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, enacted, that if g! 3!* any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Coliegiare, or any other 69- in re-Person or Persons who should claim any Compensation herein-before pertaining* entrusted to the Caie of and directed to be made by the said Commis- the Amount sioners, should not agree with them the said Commissioners for and con- oven" cerning the respective Compensations which mfght be thought to belong, juries. r by virtue of the said Act, to them, him, or her so claiming as aforesaid, or if on Account of Absence or Disability of Parties, or any other Circurr.-lfance, such Agreement should be impracticable, or if any of the Parties so claiming should, in the Judgement of the said Comm:flioners, not appear to be entitled to any such Compensation, and should nevertheless perflil in such Claim, then and in every such Case the said Commissioner-, or any Five or more of them, were thereby authorized and required, at the Request of the Parties or Party claiming such Compensation, (or if the said Commtfli mers should think it necessary or expedient, then without any such Request,) to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Piecept or Precepts, directed to the She iffs of the City of jLondon, or to the Shei iff or Buliff of the County,

Division, District, or Liberty, wherein the Premises should respectively lie or be, a5, the Cafe should require, who were and each of them was thereby authorized, directed, and required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a competent Number of substantial and diflnterefttd Persons qual.fied to serve on Juries, not less than Forty-eight nor more than Seventy-two, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, fumrr.oned, and returned, a Jury tf Twelve Men (hculd be, by forne Person to be appointed by the fai ’. Comtriffijners at any of their Meetings, drawn in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of HTucs joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by ar. Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the letter Regulation of Juries, dirtc ed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, were thereby required to come and appear before the Lid Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, should be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners from Day to Day until discharged by them; and all Parties concerned should and might h-ve their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but should not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners we e therrby authored and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion (hculd require, to call bqfore them all and every Pt'.lon and Persons whomsoevtr, who should be thought proper and necessary ro be examined as a Witness or WitnrflVs on his, her, or their [Locl& Per.] 31/ Oath

2794

4.6’ GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

Oilo or Oaths, touching cr concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners, if they thought fit, should and might, on the Application of either Par y, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or PLces, or Premises in question, in such Manner as they should direct *, and the said Commissioners should have Power to adjourn their Meeting from Day to Day, as Occasion should require, and to command such Jury, Wit-nefirs, and Patties to attend, until all such Affairs for wbkh they were summoned should be concluded; and the said jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as should be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners were thereby empowered and required to administer) should esquire of and concerning the Compensations or Satisfactions lo in dispute as aforesaid, and the Amount or Value thereof, and of the different Shares and Interesti of the several Persons who should appear to be entitled thereto, or to any Part or Parts then of, and should assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to bepifid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for such reflective Compenfarions or Satisfactions; and he said Commissioners (b uld and might give Judgement or Determination for such Sum or S' ms of Money so to be assessed; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgement and Judgements, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at leafi Fourteen Diys before the Time of the Meeting of the said Commissi *nets a:d Ju<y, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his or their usual or lad Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occ pier of some of the said House*, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Compensation should be claimed,) should be binding and con' lufive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as well against the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as against all Bodi< s Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every Person and Persons so claiming or who nrght claim such Compensation, as well Infants and issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cejlurque Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Admini-stratoi s, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgements, and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced as last aforesaid, should be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Town Clerk of the said City of Londont if the Premises should lie or be within the said City or the Liberties thereof; but if not within such City or Liberties, then by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being of the County, Division, District, or Liberty, wherein the Premises should re-specrively lie or be; and in case it should so happen that the Parties or Party so claiming should be found not to be entitled to any such Compensation, or if the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded in const quence of such RefuLtl to treat and agree as aforesaid, as and for such Compensation or Satisfaction as before mentioned respectively, should not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Commissioners should have previously offered to allow as and for such respective Compensation or Satisfaction, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Compensation to be assessed and awarded by a Jury as aforesaid, and of so affdling and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies 8 Politick,

2795

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming Compilation, and so refilling to treat and agree as before-mentioned respectively; and the said Commissioners were thereby authorized and empowered to receive and retain, or cause to be received and retained, the Amount of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, out of the Sum Ot Sums of Money so to beaffefied or awarded as aforesaid (if any) or of any Part thereof, and to cause the same to be applied in Payment of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences accordingly; be it further enacted.

That so much of the said Act shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act, made in the Repeating Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefenc Myefty, enacted, that rhe

said Commissioners should have Power, from Time to Time, to impose c. 69. re any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Flne<

Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Bailiffs, or their or his Deputy or Depu.ies, Bailiffs Attendance, or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of &c* the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and should not appear, or should refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn should not give his or their Verdict, and also on any Person or Persons who should be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and should not attend, or should refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or who should refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence, and on any other Person or Persons who should in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Preraifes, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Commissioners* by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distnfs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and that a Copy of the Order of the said Commissioners, signed by their Clerk for the Time being, should respectively be sufficienc Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting, or aiding and assisting the rein, to make such D.ltrefs and Sale; and all such Fines should be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas the said Powers and Clauses herein-above recited are adopted and incorporated into several of the Acts herein before-men boned, be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, and so much of the several Acts herein-before mentioned as adopt the fame, shall be, and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politick, when Partiei Corporate, or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons who shall claim unable to* any Compensation by the said recited Acts, or any of them, entrusted to agree for the Care of, and directed to be made by che said Commissioners, shall not juries agree with them the said Commissioners for and concerning the respective for ascertain. Compensations which may be thought to belong, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, to them, him, or her, so pannelled, claiming as aforesaid, or if on account of Absence or Disability of Parties, 40(1 hovr* or any other Circumstance, such Agreement shall be impracticable, or if any of the Parties so claiming shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, not appear to be entitled to any such Compensation, and shall

nevertheless

279&

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

nevertheless persist in such Claim, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required and authorized, within Twenty-one Days after any Request shall be made in Writing, by any of the Parry or Parties claiming such Compensation, or if the said Commissioners shall think it expedient, then, without any such Rrquest, to issue a Warranr or Warrants, Precept or Piecepts, directed to the Sheriffs of London, if the Premises lie, or the Business for the Loss or Diminution whereof the Compensation is claimed was carried on, in the said City of London, or elsewhere out of the County of Middlesex, or to the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, if the Premil'es lie, or the Business for the Loss or Diminution whereof the Compensation is claimed was carried on, in that County, or if th* Premi es lie or such Business was carried on as well ifi the City of London as in the County of Middlesex or el few here, to the Sheriffs of London, who are and each of ihem is hereby authorized, directed, and required accordingly, to impannel, summon, and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Forty-eight nor more than Scvenry two, and out of such Persons lo to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at some of their Meetings appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Mai lt> King George the Second, inti uicd, sin Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn; which Pirions lo to be impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, archerebv required to appear before the Justices of the Peace of the said City of London, at some Court of General or Quarrer Sessions of the Peace, to be holdm m and for the said City, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Piecept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, or at some General or Quarter S< flions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, or some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or P ecepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day until Twrym«n mav discharged by the said Court j and all Parties concerned shall and may be challenged. have [hejr jawtul Challenges against any of the Lid Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array $ and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them ail and every Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and nectflary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her, or their Gath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises, in question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to con>n)«nd such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, to attend, until all such Affairs for June* to which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon Arnoun*t«C©f l^e'r ^at^s (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as Compenfi- shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby ein-tions on Oath, powered and required to administer) shall esquire of and concerning the Compensations and Satisfactions so in D.fpute as aforesaid, am! the Amount or Value thereof, and of the different Shares and Interests of the

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ii'Zi *792

the several Persons who shall appear to be entitled thereto, or to any Part or Parrs thereof, and (hdl assess and award th - Sum or Sums to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for such ro spective Compenfaiions or Satisfactions j and where no new Trial shall be When no granted, as herein-after is mentioned, the said Justices shall and nv»y give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money so tube aftrffed; which said granted, vcr-Judgement or Judgements, Determination or Determinations (Nocice in j[,ct of AJ.hs Writing having been given to the Person or Pedons interested, or claim- tobe Bnii; ing !o to be, at lead Fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid and Jury, by leaving such Notice at thq Dwelling house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their usual or lad Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of Previous Na-some of the Piemiles in rdpeft whereof such Compensation is claimed), guVo’rTpAr-shall be binding and conduftve to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as ti«» interciUd. well against the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and bucceflors, as against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every Person or Persons so claiming, or who might claim such Compensation, as well In* fants and llTue unborn, Lunacieks, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or DTability, as all other Cestuique Truds, his, her, or their Heirs, S iccclfors, Executors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgements, and Dcte-minations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justicea arkl Juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be faiily written on Parchment, and signed by the Town Clerk or the Clerk of the Peace of the said City of London, or the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Afaddlesex, as the Case shall be j and in case it Hull so hap- If compen-pen that the Parties or Party so claiming shall be found not to be entitled awaTdwfb*'* to any luclv Compenfa ion, or if the Sum or Sums of Money so to bs left by One aflclfed and awarded in consequence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as and for such Compensation and Satisfaction as before-men* ney offered by tipped rd'pedfively, fhdl be less by One Eighth Part in the Whole than the j^Comtnif. Sum or Sums of Money which the said Commissioners shall have previously tJSma'to offered to allow as and for such respective Compensation or Satisfaction, payCoft*. then an:J in every such Case all the icasonable Cpfts, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Compensation to be assessed and awarded by a Jury as aforesaid, and of so alTeffing and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming such Compenfacion, and so, rejufing to treat and agree as before-mentioned respectively; and the said Counnifiioners are hereby authorized and empowered to receive and retain, or cause to be received and retained, the Amount of the said Colts,

Charges, and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money fp to be aff (Ted or awarded as aforesaid (if any) or out of any Part thereof, and to cause the same to be applied in Pay men: of the said Costs, Charges, and Exj ences accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall have Power, from Time to Time, to iinpose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding. Si^tenJ-the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or Bailiff, or his Deputy or.

Dej ’Uties, Bailiffs or Agenrs resptflively. making Default in the Premises and on any of the Persons who shall be femmor.rd and returned on any such Jury or Juries and shall nor appear, or appearing Ihill refold to he sworn '-n the said Jury or Juries, or being so fwOrn shall not give Per."] 31 K his

2798 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

his or their Verdict, and also on any Person or Persons who (half be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and Avail not attend, or attending shall refule to be sworn or to affirm, or who shall retule to give his, her, or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Prenules, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners-, and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justices, signed by the Cle*k of the Peace for the Time being of the County, Division, District, or Liberty wherein the Premises shall lie or be, as the Case shall require, shall respectively be sufficienc Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting, or aiding and assisting the rein, to make such Distress and Sale; and all such Fines shall be paid to tile Chamberlain of the Lid City for the Time being, to be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Points of L»w nay be ref,rved for thcionfi.

the Court of King's Bencbj

Dire^ing

Proceedings when new X' ial ordered Lefoi e the jolticei.

IX. And whereas Questions of Doubt and D fficulty may arise, as well in respect of the Title of Parties applying for such Compensation or Satisfaction to have any Compensation or Sati-faction, as in respect the Amount of the Compensation or Satisfaction to be recovered i be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the ("aid Justices to reserve any Poirtof Law aiifing from such Trial for the Consideration of His Majesty's Court of King*-Bench, upon Motion to be made in the fame Court, in the same Manner as if such Point had been reserved by the Lord Chi< f Justice of the fame Court fitting at Ns/i Prius \ or in case either the Parties tLiming such Compensation as aforesaid, or the said Commissioners shall be dissatisfied with any Verdict given before the said Justices (ex- epr in the Cafe of a Verdict upon a new 1 rial had in Manner hereinafter men ionei1) and the said Justices shall certify under the Hand of the Jce who lun.med up the Cafe to the Jury, that it is a fit Cafe to move for a new Trial, shall and may be lawful rither for such Parties, or the fuel Commissioners, upon producing such Criciftcate, verified by Affidavit* within the Fi ft Four Days of the Terra next after such Trial, to move the said Court of King’s Bench for a new Trial in such Case, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, in either of such Cases, up n the Report of the said Justices, to hear and determine the fame Point or Points; and the Determination that the said Cou-t shall make thereupon shall be specified and contained in a Rule of the fame Court, and shall he transmitted to the said Justices, who shall give Judgement thereon accordingly; or it shall and may be lawful for the Lid Court to order and direct a new Trial to be had upon the Premises, either before the said Justices, or before the Lord Chief Justice, or some other Judge of the fame Court, in case the said Court shall think fit so to allow \ and such Trial to be had at the Sittings for London or Mtddiejex, as ^he fame Court shall think fit to order, subject to such Directions concerning the Costs of the First Trial and the subsequent Proceedings, as the fame Court shall think he to give in that Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case such new Trial shall he ordered and directed to be had before the said Justices, that ail Matters and Things, Clauses and Provisoes, herein-before contained, respecting the

Proceedings

2 799

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13*,

proceedings previous to, upon, and after the First Trial, except so far as the lame may be altered by ihc Direction and Order of the said fcourt of King's Bench, and the Judgement to be given thereon, shall apply and extend to the Second Trial to be had by the Dbtdion and Order of the fame Court, and the Proceedings previous to, upon, and after the fame, as fully as if the fame had been herein new repeated and re-enacted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case such new Trial shall so as aforesaid be ordered and directed to be had before the Lord Chief Justice, or fomc other Judge of the fame Court, ar the Sittings for London or Middlesex, the Record of the Proceeding-, of the lame Justices shall be removed into the said Court of King’s Bench by Writ of Certiorari, and such and the like Proceedings take place thereupon in Order to the fame new Trial, as are had in Cafes of Indictments foilnd at Sessions, and removed into the Court of King’s Bench by Certiorari, and after such new Trial shall have taken place, the Record thereof, and of all other Proceedings in the Premises, shall be remitted, and lent back to the said Justices, who shall thereupon give Judgment upon the Verdid taken on such new Trial, as if the fame had been originally given in the first Instabce before the said Justices.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given before any Jury of any Loss, or supposed Loss, or any GrouncTor Matter of Claim of Compensatiun, excepjt such as is distinctly contained and specified in the Memorial of the CUim entered by the Party in pmfuance of the hid several Acts herein-above mentioned, or of this prefcnc Ad.

XIII. And whereas, it may be convenient in certain Cafes, that Compensatidns to bd made for Loss, Injury, or Damage sustained by the said several Acts before ^mentioned, or some of them, should be estimated COt'jointly; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at the Expiration of the Time limited and appointed by the said Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for entering a Memorial of Claims under that Ad, or lofoon after as conveniently may be, to summon and call before them any Party who shall have entered such Memorial of Claim, and to require him, her, or them, to give in to the said Commissioners a Declaration in Writing, Within Fourteen Days from the Time at which he, she, or they shall be so required, (fating and expressing whether they have any Claim or Claims for Compenfition for Loss, Injury, or Damage by them sustained by any other of the said several Acts above-mentioned; and if such Party shall emit or jefufe ro attend the said Commissioners by themselves or their Agents, or shall omit or refuse to make any such Declaration within the Time herein above specified, or shall decLre in Writing, by themselves or their Agents, chat he, she, or they have no such Claim, they and each of them respectively shall be for ever barred from making any Claim for Comperfation whatsoever, under or by reason of the said several Acts above-mentioned, or any of them , and if such Parcy shall by himself,herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their Agents, declare in Writing, that he, she, or ihry have any such Claim or Claims, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to enquire and examine Into the Nature of such Claim or Claims, and to ascercain whether it be

proper

\Vhen new Trial ouie#e«l btf;?re the J'.rlgrg of the Court of King's bench.

No Evidence

befr it the July of any Cla.m not

specified in the Memo, rial.

s8oo

Authorizing Memorial j of Joint Claims to be entered

the 13d Aug. >806.

Memorials of Claims for

in Vaiue of Tenement* tad Hercdi-tame-rs, ..nd other Property, occasioned by the Op:r>ti jn of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

proper that the Compenfa ion, if any, to be made thereon, or on any of them, should be estimated conjointly with the Claim of such Party previously made under the said Act, passed in the Thirty-hintfi Year </r the Reign of His prefenc M-jrfty; and in case the said Commissionets’ shall think it fit and proper that the Compensation, if any, to be made on such Claims, or any of them,should be estimated co jointly, and the Party or Patties shall not fatidy the said Commissioners that it is impracticable or injurious for such Party or PartiesatthatTime tomakehis,her,ot their Claim undet the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Maj(.fty,it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to such Party, and’ to require him, her, or them, within Two Calendar Months from the giving such Notice, to enter a Memorial of such Claim or Claims in the lame Mamur as is directed by the said last-mentioned Act, and upon such Memorial being entered shall without Delay proceed to agree for, or otherwise to eftinute and asceriain the Compensation to be made for such Claims conjointly, in the f?me Manner as is directed by this or any other Act for tftimacing any Claim made under the said Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and Paymenc shall be made of the Compensation agreed for or tftimated on such Claims conjointly, in the same Manner as is directed for the Payment of any Compensation agreed for or estimated on any Claim made under the said last-mentioned Act only; and if any such Party shall, upon any such Notice and Requifuion as aforesaid, refuse or omit to enter a Memorial in Manner herein-before mentioned, within the Time above specified, they and each of them rcf^eftively shall be for ever barred from making any Claim or Clams for Compensation whatsoever, under or by reaion of the said several Act* before mentioned, or any of them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Bodies and Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and ether Persons and Person whosoever claiming Compensation for Loss, Injury, or Damage of any Sort sustained by more than one of the above-mentioned Acts, to enter at any Time previous to the Twenty-third Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, a Joint Memorial of Inch Claims, in the same Manner as a Me-rnori tl of any Claim is directed to be entered by the f.iid Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of Hispiefent Majesty f and the Compensation tube made for. such CUiors shall be agreed for, or otherwise estimated and ascertained »n the same Manner as is directed by this or any other Act for cftimating Claims made under the f.iid Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His prefenc, Majesty; and Payment shall be made of the Compensation agreed furor estimated on such Ciaims conjointly in the same Manner as is directed for the Payment of Cumpensations agreed for or estimated on Claims made under the said last mentioned Act only.

XV. And whereas in cases where Quays or Wharfs, Warehouses. Docks* and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Lighters, Craft, and other Property, in respect of which the Parties in:erected therein will be entitled to claim Compensation, have become less valuable by rrafon of more than One of the above-mentio ed Acts, it may be very troublesome and difficult to ;.fcertain or distinguish the Propor.ion of the Diminution in Value, occasioned by each of the fame Acts , be it therefore enacted, That ic shall and may be lawful fur the Owners and Occupiers of, and other Persons

interested

2 So I

46° GEORGII HI. Cap. 132.

fnterested in such Quays or Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Lighters, Crafc, and oth.-r Property, rendered less valuable by more than One or the above-mentioned Acts, ("except such of the fame Persons a5, in pursuance of this Act, shall enter joint Memorials of Claims for the Injury or Damage fufhined by them in the Loss or Diminution of their Trade or Bufirefs by leafon of the fame Acts,) to defer entering Memorials of Claims for the Diminution in Value occasioned to such Quays or Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and ether Tenements and Hereditaments, Lighters, Craft, and other Property, by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty until the Time of entering Memorials of their Claims under the faja Ad of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, when it shall be lawful for them to enter joint Memorials of their Claims for the Diminution in the Value of such Quays or Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Lighters, Craft, and other Property, occasioned by the above-ineniioned Acts, in the same Manner as Memorials of Claims under the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty only are thereby directed to be entered, without being obliged to specify or distinguish tt^e 'Proportion of the Diminution occasioned by each of the fame Acts; agd the Compensation to be made upon such Claims shall be agreed for* or otherwise estimated and ascertained, conjointly, in the same Manner as is directed by this or any other Act for eftirnating Claims made under the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His pre-fen'c Majesty; and Payment shall be made of the Compensations agreed for or erfimated on such Claims conjointly in the same Manner as rs directed for the Payment of Compensations agreed for or estimated on Claims made under the said last-mentioned Act only.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Comm ftoners, or any Five or more of them, if they shall think fit, upon the Application of any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, of ether Person or Persons claiming Compensation for any Lofjs, Injury, or Damage sustained by reason of the above-mentioned Acts, or any of them, and who shall have entered a Memorial or Memorials of such their respective Claims, to allow him, her, or them, at any Time before the said Commissioners shall have considered such Claims, and niade an actual Offer to the Party or Parties of a Sum or Sums of Money to be paicl for Compensation in respect thereof, to amend the Memorial or Memorials so entered, or to enter an additional or supplemental Memorial or additional or supplemental Memorials of their respective Claims, in the same Manner as Memorials are by the said respective Acts directed to be entered, although the Times by the said respective Acts limited for entering Memorials of Claims under the same shall have expired; and the Compensation to be made to such Party or Parties shall be ascertained upon such amended Memorial or Memorials, or upon the original Memorial or Metnorjals, and the additional or supplemental Memorial or Memorials-as the C-fe may be, in the same Manner as if the Ground or Matter of Claim Contained or specified therein had been contained or Specified in the Memorial or Memorials originally entered by him, her, or them: Provided always, that no such amended, or additional, or tupplemental Memorial shall be admitted or entered, unless the Party or Parties applying to have the fame admitted or entered, shall shew good Csufe, to the [Loc. & Per.~] 31L - Satisfaction

more than One of the said A t*, to be entered joirniy lif.faK H’.e Expiration of the Time limited for entering M mo rials undir the 39 St to G- j.

Empowering

the Commii-fieners (upon /atisfadtory Cattle being fitewn to them) to allow addi-

plcrr.entary

be entered.

2802

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, why such amended, or additional, or supplemental Memorial had become necessary.

Time limited

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Memorials *'s contained shall extend or be construed to extend the Time limited Claims? by* and appointed originally for entering Memorials of Claims by the said motto beC’fi5 Pa®^ ‘n Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, save and

extended, except as herein mentioned.

No Claims to be made for Comjicnfa-

spetf of the West Indis Export Dock* until Three Years after

Uf'e, but such Claims mult be made within the

XVIII. And whereas in and by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted that no Claim should be made or admitted for any Compensation by such Act directed to be managed by the Commissioners therein and thereby appointed, before or until the Expiration of Three Years next after Notice of the said Docks and Dock Premises being ready for Use shall have been first given in the London Gazette, and Two or more publick Morning Newspapers usually circulated in London: And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, enacted, that when any One or more of the said Docks, with the Bason or Basons, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works belonging or to belong thereto, shall be so far completed, that in the Judgement of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, the same shall be fit for the Reception of Ships and Goods respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and ' he and they are thereby respectively authorized and empowered, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to certify and make known the fame; which Certificate shall be published Three Times at the least in the London Gazette, and in Two or more publick Morning Newspapers then usually circulated in London \ and the said Certificate so published as aforesaid shall be deemed sufficient Notice to all Parties interested of the Completion of the Dock or Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works, concerning which such Certificate of Approbation shall be made: And whereas in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Certificate under the Hands of Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, declaring the following Works so far completed as to be fit for the Reception of Ships and Goods respectively; videlicet, the Export Dock, situate between the Import Dock and the Canal at the Isle of Dogs, together with the Quays or Wharfs along the North Side of the said Export Dock, extending from the West End to the End thereof, has been published in Two or more publick Newspapers usually circulated in London, and also in the London Gazette of the Twenty-eighth Day of June, the First Day of July, and the Fifth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and six; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Compensation, acting in Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, and they are hereby required to receive and admit any Claim or Claims for Compensation for any Loss, Injury, or Damage, sultained by the Works described in the said Certificate being opened or used for thtPurpol'es expressed in the said Acts made in ihe Thirty-ninth and 9 ‘ Forty-

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 132. 1803

Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for which Loss, Injury, or Damage, the said Commissioners are directed to make Compensation, provided that such Claim or Claims for Compenfarion be made after the Expiration of Three Years from the said Twenty-eighth Day of June, and on or before the Expiration of Four Years from the same Twenty-eighth Day of June; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Corapenfk-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum or Sums of to b/paid*

Money agreed or awarded to be paid as and for a Compen fation, under within Six or by virtue of this or any other Act, shall be paid within Six Calendar after

Months from the Day on which such Sum or Sums of Money respect the fame fluii lively were agreed for or awarded. or awarded!*

XX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or any other

of the Acts above-mentioned contained, shall extend or be construed to thTccmmif* extend to charge all or any of the said Commissioners personally with the sioners. Payment of any Sum of Money agreed for or awarded to be paid as a Compensation under or by virtue of this or any other of the Acts abo^ mentioned.

XXI. And be itjfurther enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Cots or ob-pences incident to and incurred in obtaining and executing this Act, shall J^Act how be paid by the said Commissioners for making Compensations, in such and to be paid, the like Manner as other the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences of managing, ascertaining, and making such Compensations arc directed

be defrayed and discharged.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Publick Act* taken to be a Publick Acc, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

\i\:; V . r: .; lo: * --U.T.

sJ iiv, i- u- r' ivi: r - '

- J \.a lii'j.i n--. h .‘. inii r

b.i.; u ip 1: fv , i: £ Yub i'twv.; fa^.CI cfe*- :.V;T

;..o .'irl* nj -

SStesqmcD

vanoM no J SflfiwS " r r*,i? TMAbibJ1! 1:1 r Jt - J

Aaajj& - *5 it a 1 r\ ?r Lwra y-d l t bsW* 10 sM

(S>.‘tOl - nsfits 3:' 1^.: L 4ifl ..v bit^: IJ.J&K lasiiii.

if it ill 3it.il - ai*: \o *7}tf W f Ihtti rfJfeif r \ 1 ini

iol i'532^:.- ti *

-cT j?t; r. -: : V

:i b&r.^r ji ci r - u il ,-i/in*K 70

’Ti

- ' ' " c*\ ' rJ V.’: i’-V 3Tr>": ’

itill 4,73A e* '.7ti L

vV \

Xs art

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 133,

An Act for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the Private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic., the better to carry the lame into Effect. £21ft "July idc6.J

WHEREAS by certain Articles of Agreement indented, had, Articles of made, concluded, and agreed upon, and bearing Date the Agreement Tenth Day of July, in the Year One thousand eight hundred India*6 and five, het ween the United Company of Merchants of England grading Company and to the East Indies of the One Part, and the several Persons whose Hands the Creditors and S als should be thereto set and affixed, and who respectively were, or of the Nabobs claimed to be. Creditors of His Highness the Nabob Wallah yah, formerly ^c^oc* Nabob of Arcot, and of the Carnatic in the East Indies, and now deceased, and of His Highness the Nabob Omdut ul Omrah, late Nabob of Arcot, and of the Carnatic, eldcfl Son and Successor of His said Highness the Nabob Wallah Jah, and now also deceaseu, and of His Highness the Ameer td Omrah, the second Son of His said Highness the Nabob Wallah, Jah, and now also deceased, or of some or One of them the said several Nabobs, and the said Ameer of the other Part: It is witnessed and covenanted between the said Parties, That the said United Company and their Successors should, so long as the Administration of the Revenues of the Carnatic Payen Ghaut should be vested in them, set apart, annually, in their Treasury at Madras the Sum of Star Pagodas Three Lac Forty Thousand. if after defraying all the Charges of collecting the said Revenues so much should be realized to, and be received therefrom, by the said United Company, into their laid Treasury at Madras, in order to form a Fund for the Payment of all the juit Debts to Private Creditors remaining unsatisfied of the rfaiu Ncbob Wallah Jab, the said Nabob Omdut ul Omrahy and the said [_Loc. U Per. j 31 M Ameer

2806

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

Ameer ul Omrah, in the Mauner, and subject to the several Terms, Conditions, Provisoes, Stipulations, and Agreements thereinafter contained; And in and by the said Articles of Agreement it is amongst other Things further witnessed and covenanted that the said several Persons, Parties to the said several Articles of Agreement of the Second Part, did thereby severally and respectively, for themselves and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, accept the said Fund, so provided and to be administered as therein is mentioned, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Claims and Demands whatsoever which they the said Parties severally, ever had, directly or indirectly, on the said Nabob Wallah Jah, or the said Nabob Omdut ul Omrafj, or the said Ameer ul Omrah, or any of them: And it was further agreed, That the Honorable Richard Ryder of 'Lincoln's hut in the County of Middlesex, Benjamin Hobhouse of Dover Street, Piccadilly, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and Thomas Cockburn of Devcnshire Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the said County of Middlesex, Esquire, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner thereinafter mentioned, should be Commissioners and Referees in England for the Investigation of the Origin, Justice, and Amount of the several Debts claimed to be due to the several Persons, Parties thereto, of the Second Part, and of the Rights of such Claimants to such Debts, and to participate in the Fund thereby created for the Discharge thereof, and also for the apportionment of the said Fund amongst the Parties entitled thereto, and fot doing and ordering such other Matters as it was thereby agreed should be done or ordered by them: And in order to the more complete Investigation of the Matters thereby submitted to the said Commissioners in England\ it was thereby declared and agreed, that the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, in Council for the Time being, should appoint Three Persons from amongst the covenanted Civil Servants of the said United Company ,on the Bengal Establishment, to fit at Madras, and to be and ad as Commissioners and Referees in India for the Purposes therein mentioned: And it was thereby further agreed. That Two Persons, to be called Registers of the Debts of the Nabobs of Arcot should, from Time to Time, be appointed by the major Part in Value of the said Creditors, subject always to the Approbation ana Dismissal of the Court of DIredors of the said United Company, One of which Regifiers should ad in London, and the other of them at Madras, and it should be their Duty respectively to enter in proper Books, to be kept for that Purpose, Accounts of all the Sums to be allowed by the said Commissioners in England, as the Amount of the Debts of the several Creditors, according to the Clafies therein mentioned, and of all Transfers and Alignments to be made as therein is mentioned by the said Creditors respectively, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the Whole or any Part of the Sums to be awarded by the said Commissioners in England to the said Creditors respectively, and also of all Sums which thereafter might be transferred or aligned, from Time to Time, to any other Person or Pei '0113 whomsoever: And it was thereby further agreed, that after the final Allowance and absolute Establishment by the said Commissioners in England, of the Sums respectively to be allowed to the several Creditor*, and in re-sped of which they were to be admitted into either of the Clafies therein mentioned, such Sum should be carried to the Credit of the respective Creditors, in the Books to be kept by the Register in London, or in the Books to be kept by the Register at Madras, at the Option of the several

Creditors

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 133. 2807

Creditors: And it was thereby further agreed. That the said Commissioners in England, without Delay, should cause such Notices as they should fee fit to he published. calling upon all Persons resident, as well in Europe as in the Enjl Indies, or elsewhere, and who claimed to be Creditors of the said several Nabobs and the said Ameer, to fend in to the said Commissioners Accounts of their Claims, and they should cause Schedules of such Claims so made before them, to be published from Time to Time in London and at Madras, in order that all such Persons as should have any Interest to oppose or impeach the fame, might have sufficient Opportunities so to do; and the said Commiihoners should cause Schedules or Lifts of the Claims, and Objections to be delivered t<^> the Court of Directors of the said United Company, and the said Commissioners should give such reasonable Time, as they should lee fir, to the several Claimants, to support their Claims by Proof, and to all Persons having any Interest in the said Fund thereby created, to impeach, object to, and oppose such Claims respectively, by Argument or Proof, and the said Commissioners should be at Liberty to receive Proof for or against any Claims to be preferred before them by the Testimony viva voce, or by Examination, or written Interrogatories* or by Affidavit of Witnesses, and by Production of written Documents, and by such other Ways and Means, as therein mentioned: And it was thereby further agreed. That the said Commissioners in bidia should be at Liberty orginally to receive the Claims of Creditors to be preferred to them at Madras, and OtjeCkions to be made to any Claims, whether preferred in England or at Madras, and to publish Schedudes of such Claims and Objections, and to cause Copies of such Schedules to be delivered to the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and to receive Proofs in support of such Claims and Objections, and to proceed in the Investigation thereof in such Manner as is therein agreed upon as to the Proceedings of the said Commissioners in England; and the said Commissioners in India should also proceed in Inveltigation of such Matters as should be referred to them by the Commissioners in England; in pursuance of such Inltiuctions as from Time to Time should be lent to them for that Purpose, as by the said Articles of Agreement, Relation being the reunto had, may, amongst many other Things, more fully and at large appear:

And whereas it is expedient. That Provision should be made by Law Expediency for the due and faithful Execution of the Trulls repoled in the said Com- Po^rs"©^ millioners, as well in England as in India, and for the legal Administration Commission-of Oaths to the Parties and Witnesses to be examined on the Investigation ers toad-to be made by the said Commissioners, and that they should be authorized in'Ker to compel the Attendance and Examination of Witnesses, and the Produc- 41 s*&c* tion of Proofs, May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners herein-before men- The Com-tioned, as soon as they conveniently can after thepafiing of this Act, and before they proceed further in the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them, and all future Commissioners to be named and appointed for the Purposes aforesaid, as well in England as in India, before they respectively shall enter upon the Execution of the Trusts to be reposed in them, shall take the Oath following, (that is to say)

I A.B*

&$td8

The Com-

-and CuUrts, and Magis

minister Oaths to Parties and Witness'es.

Persons gcilty of falie and

corXRRO t <\^eating to be pupjjlied for Perjury.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

I A.B. do swear, that according to the bed of my Skill and Know- " ledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several e# Powers and Trusts veiled in me by certain Articles of Agreement, * bearing Date the Tenth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord Gne thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, of the One Part, and the several Persons whose Hands and Seals are thereto set and affixed, and who respectively are, or claim to be, Creditors of His Highness the Nabob Wallah Jab, formerly Nabob of Arcot, and of the Carnatic in the East Indies, and then deceased, and of His Highness of the Nabob Omdut ul Omrah, late Nabob of Arcot and of the Carnatic, " elded Son and Successor of His said Higness the Nabob Wallah Jah9 " and then also deceased, and of His Highness the Ameer til Omrah, the " Second Son of His said Highness the Nabob Wallah Jab, and then also deceased, or of some or One of them, of the other Part, according to " the true Intent and Meaning of the said Articles of Agreement, and of "« the Parties thereto. So help me God."

Which Gath shall-and maybe administered by any One of the Persons already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed a Commissioner, as well in England as in India, to any other or others of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfdl for the said Persons already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed Commissioners, as well in England as in India, or any Two of them, and they are' hereby authorized and empowered to examine, viva voce, or upon written Interrogatories, upon Oath or Affirmation, (which Oath and Affirmation they, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized to administer), all Persons, whether Parties or Witnesses, touching any Matter referred to the said Commissioners, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, as well in England as in India, or any Gne of them, and for all Courts, Judges, Mullers in Chancery, Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, and for all Mailers Extraordinary in Chancery, and all Commissioners, and Persons who are or shall be authorized by any Court of Record to take Affidavits,

atfd all Peffons in the East Indies duly authorized to administer Oaths or Affirmations, to adm.inrft# an Oath or Affirmation to any Person or Persons making any Affidavit or Demolition in Writing touching any Matter referred to the said Commissioners, or relating to the Execution of the Trusts repo fed in them.

III and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, upon Exantmamn upon Gath, or being a Quaker or Quakers upon Affirmation j before the said Commissioners already apjDdfiVted, or hereafter to be: appointed,wherher- such Commissioners shall be acting in England er in India, dr any'Two erf them, or in any such Affidavit or Depositioa so to be sworn of affirmed before the said Commissioners or any One of them, or before any fuclv Court, Judge, Master in Chancery, Ma-g*strate, *Justice of the Peace, Master Extraordinary in Chancery, Commissioner, or Person so authorized to administer an Gath or Affirmation as herein-before is mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evi-.fitatKKvor make any false Answer3 Statement, or Deposition, every such

Person

2809

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, whether such Commissioners shall be acting in England or in India, or any Two of them, if they or any Two of them shall see fit, either of their own Motion, or at the Infiance of the said United Company, or their Agent or Agents, or any Person or Persons having or claiming any Interefi to support or oppose any Debt or otherwise in any Matter referred to the said Commissioners, to issue their Precept or Precepts, under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them, summoning any Person or Persons whomsoever to attend them, or any Two of them, to declare the Truth touching any Matters or Things referred to the said Commissioners, and to bring or produce any Book, Deed, Paper, Account, or Writing, or any Books, Deeds, Papers, Accounts, or Writings relating to any such Matters, or as shall be necessary for executing the Trusts reposed in the said Commissioners, and all and every such Person and Persons, so summoned, is and are hereby required and directed, upon reasonable Notice of any such Precept, punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such Time and Times, Place and Places, as shall be by them, or any Two of them, appointed.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in or at the Foot of every Precept to be issued for the Attendance of any Witness, or the Production of any Book, Deed, Paper, Account, or Writing, it shall be specified whether the fame is issued on the proper Motion of the Commissioners, or at whose Infiance the fame is issued,

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall abscond or wilfully avoid being summoned by any such Precept, or if any Person or Persons summoned upon reasonable Notice to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall willfully neglect or refuse to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, or to bring or produce any Book, Deed, Paper, Account, or Writing relating to any Matter referred to the said Commissioners, that shall be in his, her, or their Possession, Custody, or Power, and which he, she, or they shall have been required by such Precept to produce, or shall refuse to be {'worn, or, being Quakers, shall refuse to affirm, or being sworn, or, being Quakers, having affirmed, shall refuse to answer to and before the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, any Question on Oath or Affirmation, touching or concerning any Matter referred to the said Commissioners, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to make and issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, for taking and apprehending any such Person or Persons, and committing him, her, or them to such Prison as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall think fit; there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall submit to be sworn and examined, touching and concerning all or any of the Matters re-

[Loc. & Per.2 2l N ferred

The Corn-

authorized to

Attendance of Wien dies, and Production of Papers.

Precepts to be indorsed.

Authorizing the Commissioners to commie Persons refusing to be examined.

2810

NoPcrfcn in Great Britain or Ire-lard shall be compellable to go to India, nor in India to England.

Payment of the Witnesses Costs and Charges.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

ferred to the said Commissioners, or to make such Production as aforesaid, as the Case may be:

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person, resident or being in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall be compellable, by virtue of this Act, to go to, or appear before the Commissioners to act in India, or to go out of the said United Kingdom; and no Person, resident or being in the East Indies, shall be compellable, by virtue of this Act, to come to or appear before the Commissioners to act in England or to go out of the East Indies

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons whojnsoever shall be compelled or compellable to appear before the said Commissioners now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, either in England or in India, or to bring or produce ro or before them any Books, Deeds, Papers, Accounts, or Writings, unless at the Time of Service of the Precept for such Attendance or Production, or at a reasonable Time before the Day appointed for such Attendance or Production, the probable Amount of the Costs and Charges of the Person or Persons summoned, and a reasonable Compensation for his, her, or their Loss of Time to be occasioned by such Attendance or Production, shall be tendered to him, her, or them; and every Person who shall attend the said Commissioners, or produce any Documents in pursuance of any Precept, shall be entitled to be reimbursed and paid by the Person or Persons at whose Instance such Precept shall have been issued, his or her reasonable Costs and Charges, and a reasonable Compensation for his or her Loss of Time; and in case any such Precept shall be issued on the proper Motion of the said Commissioners, such Costs, Charges, and Compensation shall be advanced and paid by the said United Company, to be afterwards charged and borne as Part of the Expences incidental to the Execution of the Trusts reposed in the said Commissioners; and all Persons entitled to any such Reimbursement or Payment shall be entitled to recover the fame by Action at Law against the Person or Persons liable to the Payment thereof, or his, her, or their Successors, Executors, or Administrators, together with full Costs of Suit: And the said Commissioners, as well in England as in India, are hereby- authorized and required, at the Request of any Person or Persons entitled to any such Reimbursement or Payment, to settle and adjust the Amount thereof, and to make an Order, to be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, fixings Time and Place for the Person or Persons liable to the Payment thereof to pay and discharge the fame; and in such Case the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall be at Liberty to make their Election to accept thereof, or to proceed generally for the Recovery of their reasonable Costs and Charges, and a reasonable Compensation for their Loss of Time; and in case of the Election by any Person or Persons to accept of the Sum or Sums so to be ordered to be paid, if the Person or Persons liable to the Payment thereof shall make Default in such Payment pursuant to such Order, then the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall recover the speciflc Sum or Sums so ordered to be paid, together with double Coils of Suit.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 133. 2811

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners, TheCarna'ic acting from Time to Time in England under or by virtue of the said ,er?ftln°ltv Articles of Agreement, shall, within Twenty-one Days after the Com- a Statement mencement of the next and every subsequent Session of Parliament, pre- of the

sent to both Houses of Parliament, a List of all the Claims which CU,ms pre-have been or shall be preferred to them, or to the Commissioners in decidedly" India from Time to Time, and also a List of such Claims as from Time them before to Time shall have been decided upon, either provisionally or absolutely, Parliament, by the said Commissioners, with the Grounds of their Decision there- *nd jj*at the on: Provided always, That this Act shall in no Ways be construed to conlfir^ thPg0t extend to ratify or confirm the said Articles of Agreement, or to make Articles of the fame, or any Matter or Thing therein contained, available further Agreement, or otherwise than the fame would have been binding, effectual and available, in case this Act had not been passed

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation cf brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance Adl0‘H‘

of any of the Provisions herein-before contained, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit shall discontinue or become nonsuit, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them therein, the Defendant or Defendants shall have his, her, or their Costs, with the like Remedy for Recovery thereof as in Cafes where by Law Celts are given to Defendants.

[Public Act.]

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XJL And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities by this The Com-Act given to the said Commissioners now appointed, and to the Person and Persons hereafter to be appointed Commissioners, as well in England as thj, Aftw in India, shall continue in Force until the First Day of August^ which will continue cube in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, and from thence lii iftofAo-. until the End of the then next Session of Parliament. gu»l i3«o.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StraHan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

v

t: ', :T-' . ' - i H '

- >; 1

: ' i . ? »' ;: i

': " ! ' ' ‘ t.

I i. Vlis-L’ 1.

tr 1 «r.<! 1 1

rsTvirV/V sot ,h

'jtiM

; ' - - J ' , t,'.

iff f: . > ' ' < 'V ' > ' II- - V«t

, i I.

XjfJi ~ ' Uj-iTv

!( - I; i 'HI. ill

Cl :.'W VJ-;, ssC I r-/i. t; t it :n n

: f V‘ j'-.r :>Ct

.: ') .

v ‘

ps-iixurluuti._ ytagh ' r I: il

!j .-‘.V"

: h i'- '-'

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

til .0 )vt - j *: lift.: i

11 V l. 1 ITO'I. ' >*T'*

Cap. 134.

An Act for ornamenting and embellifliing the Centre or Area of Bloomjbtiry Square, in the Parish of Saint George Bloomjbtiry, in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Hackney Coaches (landing or plying for Hire in and near the said Square.

[21st July 1 8c6.]

WHEREAS the Centr* or Area of Bloomsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury^ in the County of Middlesex, is the Property of the Most Noble JJm Duke of Bedford, and all the Houses in the said Square, excepting Two, are also the Property of the said Duke: And whereas it would be much to the Benefit and Advantage of the Owners and Occupiers of the Houses in the said Square, if the said Centre or Area of the fame, which is now inclosed and raised with Iron Rails, was planted and laid out with Walks and ornamented and embellished, and made into a Pleasure Ground; and if Provision was made for raising Money to defray the Expence of forming, making, planting, ornamenting, and embellishing such Inclosure or Pleasure Ground, ami of continuing and keeping the fame and the Rails thereof in Order and Repair; and if the standing of Hackney Coaches for Hire in the said Square and in certain Places immediately adjoining thereto was removed and prevented; but as the fame cannot be effectsd without the Aid of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty \_Loc. Per ] 31 0 that

2 8 I

4

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this on-sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That tFie Owner or Owners for the Time being of the Freehold and Inheritance of ti e Houses encompassing and forming the said Square, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, and the Occupiers of the said Houses for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Exe-cudon.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Time being respectively shall first meet together at such Time and Place as they or any Three or more of them shall appoint, by Notice under their Hands to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Church of Saint Gcor?e Blooirsbury. and proceed in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to, and meet at any Time and Place, and as often as they shall think proper; and if at any Time there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of the said CommissioneTs to act in the Execution of this Act, any One of the said Commissioners for the Time being, present at such Meeting, or their Clerk, may adjourn the same to another Day; and in case of no Commissioner attending, or of any Neglect or Omission to adjourn any such Meeting, any Three of the said Commissioners,* or their Clerk fot the Time being, shall and may call a Meeting at the Place where tLe lad Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, or was held, by Notice or Summons to be left at each of the Houses in the Lid Square at lead Seven Days before such Meeting; and that at all Meetings to be. held in pursuance of this Act the said Commissioners shall defray their own Expences (excepting for the Use of the Room or Apartment ;y/here such Meeting shall be held, which shall be paid out of the Rates or Assessments); apd no Act of the said Commissioners shall be valid, un-Icfs made or done at some Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act (except the calling oPMeetings as aforesaid); and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, the Number of such Commissioners present at such Meeting not being less thanThree; and in all Cafes where the Number of Votes upon any Question shall be equal (including the Chairman’s Vote) the Chairman shall have the calling Vote; and at every Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the frit Business shall be the Election of a Chairman to preside at the same.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners by virtue of this Act, (except in giving the Notice of their full or any other Meeting, and also except in administering the Oath or in the appointing of a Proxy as herein-after mentioned), until he shall have taken the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I Do swear, That 1 will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to

the bell of my Skill and judgement, execute the Trull reposed in me; and hear and determine all such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-

hxth

46° GEORG 11 ill. Cap. 134. 2815

1 sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, an ‘ \Jct forth tbs Title of this A£l~\.

'So help me GOD.*

And which Oath it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners to administer to the other.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be social lawful for the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of I his Act, ma 'be^hfld and they a^e hereby authorized to hold any special Meeting between c their then last Meeting and the Day to which any subsequenr Meeting shall have been adjourned, so that such Meeting shall be required by Three or more of the said Commissioners. and such Notice thereof given as last aforesaid at least Seven Days before the Time to be appointed for the fame, and so as that such Notice shall be signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and specify the Cause or causes of such Special Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Com- power to re-missioners shall be revoked or altered unless at some General Meeting to vokc Older*, be holden as aforesaid, or at some special Meeting to be required as aforesaid; and also, unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall at-

t ml such Meeting to revoke or alter the fame, than were present when such Order was made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Owner and Owners for the Fieehold Time being of the Freehold and Inheritance of any of the Houses in the said Square may, by Writing under his, her, and their Hand and Hands, may vote by] appoint any Person to be his, her, and their Proxy during such Time as he, Ploxy*

{he, or they shall think proper, and to vote for him, her, or them at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, and to lign his, her, or their Name or Names, and do any other Act as a Commissioner and Commissioners; and that any \yomai) occupying any House in the said Square may, by Writing under her Hand, appoint any Person, b ing a Commissioner, to be her Proxy during such Time as she shall think proper, and to vote for her at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, and sign her Name, and do.any other Act as a Commissioner; and every Act done by such respective Proxies shall have the fame force and Effect in every Refpt ft as the same would have had if the Person or Persons appointing such p-.oxy had attended and done the fame; such Appointment being produced and shewn at every such Meeting to the Commissioners then present (if required) previous to any Vote or Act done by virtue thereof: Provided always, that no Commissioner shall act as Proxy, or vote for more than Two Women at any such Meeting as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may from Commission-Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, appoint a Treasurer, er!.mj), *P-Clerk, and Collector of the Rates or Assessinenrs to be made as herein- point°* lcr*' after mentioned, and such other Officers and Persons as they shall think necessary, and remove any such Officers or other Persons as they shall think proper, and appdmV others in their Stead, and pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to all such Officers or Persons as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners

shall

28i6 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

shall take such Security from every such Treasurer and Collector as they ProPer» and all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Comm a Br.ok, nnffioners at any of their Meetings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for th.it Purpose. and be signed by the Chairman of such Meeting; and being io signed, shall be deemed and t,iken to be Originals; and any such Book shall a d may be produced, read in, and taken as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

OommiiPon-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, with «'it pi simc a‘* eonven’ent Speed af cr the passing of this Act, cause the said Centre Gruuiui', uz. or j rea of the said Square to be formed into a Pleasure Ground, and planted, ornamented, and einbelliffied as they the said Commissioners shall think f roper; and th t the foie Power of forming, making, planting, ornament:ng, and c mbellishing the said Inclosure or Pleasure Ground, and of continuing, maintaining, and keeping the fame, ami the Iron Rails, Kirb, and o;hcr Things belonging thereto in proper Order and Repair, shall be and the fame is hereby vested in the said Commissioners, who shall at all Times maintain and keep the fame in proper Order and Condition.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to alter the Inheritance or Property of the said InclosuTe or Pltafure Ground; but that the Inheritance and Property thereof shall remain and be to and for the said John Duke o{Bedford^ his Heirs and Assigns, in fuel, and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; and that it shall be lawful for the said John Duke of Bedford and his Heirs, at any Time or Times hereafter, to erect or cause to be erected in any Part of the said Inclosure or Pleasure Ground any Statue or Statues, Column or Columns, or other ornamental Ercftion, but no other Building or Erection whatsoever.

M , be X. And be it further enacted, That the Property in the Iron Rails, Iu; v'll"0:rn" Gates, Lamp Irons, and other Things now made, set up, and affix cl in or round the said Inclosure or Pleasure Ground, and in any iron Rans, Kirb, Gates, Lamp-Irons, 'I re s, Shrubs, and other Things to be set up, affixed, or planted within or round the fame, when so maue, set up, affixed, and planted, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized anu empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer or order and direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away all or any Part oi such Iron Ra Is, Gates, Lamp-Irons, Lamp-Polls, Rails, Plants, Trees, Shrubs, or other Materials and Things as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maH-cioully break, pull down, dellroy, or otherwise injure, damage, or spoil any of the said Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp-Irons, Lamp-Polls, Rails, Plants, Trees, Shrubs, Materials, and Things, or any of the Works which are or shall be carrying on, made, done, or executed within or about the said Inclosure or Pleasure Ground in pursuance of thrs Act, or ar.y Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending shall.

The Inheritance of the Pleasure Ground not to be altered.

46' GEORGII III. Cap. 134. 2?iy

for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and shall also make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners for any Damage done by*him, her, or them as aforesaid; and that if any Person or Po"er«fi»r Persons shall, within any Part of the said Square beat or dult any C arpet Nuisance^ or Carpets, or drive any Carriage or Carriages for the Purpose of breaking A"n°y‘ncj Horses, or ride any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for the Purpose of exercising obi'.ru&ioiMt or airing such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or for trying or (howing such Ilorfe, Mare, or Gelding for Sale (otherwise than by passing through the said Square'1, or throw, call, or lay, or cau’e, permit, or suffer to be thrown, call, or laid, any Ashes, Dult, Dirt, Rubbish, OlFal, Dung,

Soil, or other Filth or Annoyance in any Part of the said Square, or fliull set or place any Stall-board, Balket, or Calk, or expose to Sale any Wares, Merchandize, or Goods of any K nd vhatsoever, in or up®n the Carriage or Footway of the said Square, or place, or suffer to be placed or remain, any Hackney Coach, or any Cart, Wain, Waggon,

Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage or Chair, in or upon the Carriage or Footway of the said Square, (except in ca'es of Accident, or during the Time necessary for the loading or unloading of any Cart, Wain, Waggon,

Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, or the taking up or setting down of any Fare, or the Waiting for Passengers when actually hited) and shall not immediately remove and take the fame out of the said Square when required to to do by any Person whomsoever, and continue and keep the lame so removed, he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to seize and take into Custody, and to be aiding and assisting in seizing and taking into Custody, any Person offending in any of the Particulars aforesaid, either at the Time of his or her committing of any such Offence, or after, and to carry such Person before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and which Justice shall hear and determine the Complaint; and if upon Conviction of the Offender, either on his or her own Confection, or on the Oath of a credible Witness, and which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized to administer, such Offender shall not pay the said Penalty, he or she shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour lor any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, hnless such Penalty, and the reasonable Charges of recovering the fame,

shall be sooner paid j and it also lh..ll be lawful for any of the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of this Act, and for any Person or Per-fcas appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to seize any such Stall-board, Balket, Wares, Merchandize, Calk, Goods,

Chair, Coach, Care, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, with the Horse or Horses (if any shall be thereunto belonging^, and the Harness,

Gears, and Accoutrement thereof, and to cause the lame to be removed to such Place or Places as he or they shall judge convenient and proper, giving Notice to the Ownef, Driver, or other Person, having any Interest: in the Chattels and Things so removed, if he, she, or they can be founds of the Place or Places whereunt > the same shall be so removed; and the same shall be there kept and detained until the Owner, Driver, or other Person interested therein as aforesaid, shall cause to be paid the said Penalty, with the Charges of the taking or removing of the said Chattels and Things, and of keeping such Horle or Horses, if any; and in case the Chattels and Things so removed shall not be claimed, and the said Pe-[Loc.tffer. j 31 Penalty

a3i8

46® GEOK GII III. Cap. 134.

Hairy and Charges paid within Five Days next after such Removal thereof, it shall be lawful for any of the said Commissioners to order the same to be appraised and fold* and the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, on Demand, after deduiling the said Penalty, and the Colls, Charges, and Expences at'ending such Seizure, Removal, Keeping, Appraisement, and Sale; such Colls, Charges, and Expences, to be ascercained and allowed by any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Middlesex in yafc the Parties shall differ about the same.

CommitEen-

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and "aftTor mak are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to con-ing pieatur'tf trail and agree with any Person or Persons for forming, making, inclosing, GroumlJ planting, ornamenting, and embellishing the said Inclosure or Pleasure Ground, or any Part thereof, and for continuing, preserving, and keeping the fame, and the Iron Rails, Kirb, and other Things belonging or to belong thereto, in Repair, and proper Order and Condition; all which Contrails shall specify the l’everal Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof; and in case such Works shall not be well and sufficiently performed according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Contrail or Contrails to be entered into for that Purpose, or if such Works shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times therein for that Purpose mentioned, the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being may bring an Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at against any Person or Persons so contraiting and neglecting to perform any such Contrail or Contrails, and on proving the signing the said Contrail or Contrails and Non-performance thereof, or any Part thereof, the said Commissioners shall be entitled to and recover the Penalty or Penalties therein mentioned; and the fame when recovered shall be added to and become Part of their Funds, and applied for the Purposes of this Act: eorr.mifllon- Provided always, That the said Commissioners may compound and agree eioundyfor,n* any ^er^on or Persons for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Penalties! such Contrail or Contrails for the Breach or Non-performance thereof, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so that such Composition be not less than the Injury or Damage fullained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contrail or Contrails, and the Charges and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

The Duke of

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said John Duke of Bedford, Bedford and his Heirs and Assigns, and the Occupiers of the several Houses in and o^HoSs"61 S encompassing the said Square, shall be entitled unto and have the exclusive to have thetx- JJfc of the said Inclosure or Pleasure Ground, and that no other Perfort of Uthcio- or Persons whomsoever shall be entitled thereto.

elofure.

Raus, ic.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That One or more Rate or Rates, for the j veml Assessment or Assessments, shall be laid and afiefled by the said Commis-UfA<ttS,f honers once in every Year, or oftener if they shall judge necessary, upon all the Houses within and encompassing and abutting upon the said Square, for raising such Sam and Sumsof Money as shall be necessary for defraying the Expences of forming, making, planting, ornamenting, and embel-

lishing

<j64 GiiORGII HI. Cap.t34. 2819

li(king the said Inclosure or Pleasure Ground, and of maintaining, continuing, pteferving, and keeping the fame, and the Iron Rails, Kirb, and other Things belonging thereto, in proper Order and Condition, and other incidental Charges, To as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Affeflf-ments, do not in the Whole exceed in any one Year the Sum of Nine-pence in the Pound of the Yearly Rent or Value of such Houses; and all such Rates and Assessments shall be borne and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses respectively, and shall be subject to and chargeable with all such Sum and Sums of Money 2s shall or may be advanced, borrowed, raised, and received, in Maimer herein-after mentioned, for the several Purposes of this Act, and of all Interest for the lame; and shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint to collect and receive the same, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct. '

XIV. And be it further enacted, ThU every House the Front or Side of whatfliuft which shall face or form a Part of the Line of the said Square, shall be House^n tU* deemed and taken to be wholly situated in the said Square, for all the square. Purposes of this Act, though the other Part of such House may front or

face on any other Street.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the first Rate or Assessment di- cumene* reded to be made as aforesaid shall commence from the Quarter Day ira- ment of mediately preceding the passing of this Act; and every other Rate or Af- Rate,‘ fefiinent to be made as aforesaid shall always commence from the Time

the last preceding Rate or Assessment ended, and not otherwise; and the Monies therein and thereby charged and assessed shall be payable Quarterly* and be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Books of Rate Bor-Vt Rates to be kept in pursuance of this Act, and all Entries made therein, or examined Copies thereof respectively, shall be received as Evi- dence. dence of the Rates impeded by virtue of this Act, and of the Payment of such Rates, and such of them or such Part thereof as shall by such Entry’s appear to have been paid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any of Empty HouAm the said Houes shall be empty or unoccupied, then and in every such JJaJJ Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Comm’flioners to accept and take One-

Half of such Rates or Assessments, and no more, during the Time the fame House shall be empty or unoccupied; and then and in every such Case such Half Rate, and all Arrears thereof, shall be paid by the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to such House, or by the first or any other Occupier thereof; and every such Occupier shall and may, and is hereby authorized to dedud and retain the fame out of his or her Rent, and the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Cuch House is and are hereby requited to allow such Deduction.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when if House* ate wy House. in respect whereof any Rate or Assessment shall be made as

aforesaid.

2820 4^ GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

Tenant m?lle a rek^» be ^et to mor® than one Tenant, any one or more of such be'deemtd the Tenants shall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof lor the Pur-Occupier. poses of this Act.

House* let to

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any of the Ambassadors. Houses shall be occupied by any AmbafTador or Minister from any Foreign Prince or State, or other Person or Persons not compellable to pay the several Rates or Assessments to be made, laid, or assessed by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case the Paid Rates or Assessments, and every of them, shall be wholly paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Houses; and in case of Non-payment of any such Rate or Assess- eient by such Proprietor or Proprietors, then the fame, and all Arrears

due thereon shall be paid by the first or any other Inhabitant or Tenant thereof; and all such Inhabitants or Tenants are hereby authorized to deduct and retain the fame out of their Rents respectively; and the respective Proprietor or Proprietors of all such Houses are hereby required to allow such Deduction upon Receipt of the Residue of their respective Rents; and all such Inhabitants or Tenants shall be and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of their respective Rents as the Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon so paid by them, shall amount unto; and in the mean Time, and until such Payment shall be made as aforesaid, such Houses shall be and the same are hereby made a Security for and chargeable with all such Rates or Assessments, and ail Arrears thereof.

tandlerd;,

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Landlord or Owner of every tin" Sifeil? House within the Limits of this Act, which is or shall or may be let out of Rates of ready-furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the Races or Af* ocgtu-s, t . pL^ments directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied according to the yearly Rent or Value of the Premises; and that every Person renting or occupying any such ready-furnished House as aforesaid shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments, to be recovered in Manner herein directed; and that every such Occupier who shall pay any such Rale or Assessment, or from whom the same shall be recovered in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the fame from and out of the next Rent which shall become due and payable from him or her to such respective Lessee, Landlord, or Owner; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient DifchaTge for such Tenant or Occupier to his or her Landlord for so much Money as he or file shall pay as aforesaid, or shall be levied on him or her by virtue of this Act.

Arrears of

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons liable to

Rates !>ow pay any of the said Rates or Assessments shall refuse or neglect to pay the

reredrCC0" fame, and all Arrears thereof, or if any Person or Persons liable to pay any of the said Rates or Assessments shall at any Time begin to remove his, her, or (heir Goods or Furniture from the House in his, her, or their Occupation, or to sell or dispose of such Goods or Furniture therein, without paying all Arrears of such Rates or Assessments then due (in which the current Quarter shall be considered as due), that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors for the Time being to the

Jt8 2*

46° GEORGII III/ Cap. *34*

said Commissioners, with the Assistance of a Constable thereto authorized, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to collect and levy such respective Rates or AiTeflments and all Arrears due thereon, by Distrtfs of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing to pay as afcreLid; and if within Five Days next after such Distrefscr Distresses shall be made the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the said Diltreis or Distresses, shall not be paid to the said Col-iedor or Collectors, such Collector or Collectors shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be appraised and fold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient ro pay such Rates or AiTeflments respectively, together with ail Arrears thereof, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress < r DistreffVs, and of keeping and felling the fame, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively on Demand.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be May brin* lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think it more expedient, fyp

to bring or cause to be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or of any One or more of the said Commissioners, any Action or Attions of Debt, or Special Action on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at H'estminster, for all or any of the Rat<*s or AflTflments w'hich they are by this Act respectively authorized to make and assess, in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in such Sum of Money as the Plaintiff shall suppose to be due; and if the Plaintiff shall recover such Sum lo declared for, or any Pan thereof, he shall ha e full Colls, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgements are now by Law levied or recovered $ in which AdiGn or Actions no Kflbign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIII. And, for the more speedy raising Money for the Purposes of Comn lfhor* this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow and rake up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments herein-before granted, so as the Whole of such Sums shall not at any or.e Time exceed the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign over the said Rates or Assessments, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Monies, or his or their Trustee or Trusters, as a Security for the Money so to be borrowed, tog- ther with lawful Inti rest for the lame.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be entered in a s.curirfett© Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose due and regular Entries of in

all Securities for Payment of the Principal Monies borrowed by virtue cf this Act, together with the Interest of such Principal Monies, and of dl Assignmenrs and Transfers of the fame respectively, which f id Entries shall respectmly specily the Principal Sums lent at Interest, and the Rate of Interest to be paid for the same, anj the Times when such Principal Money and Inteiefl shall be made payable; and also the* Names, Additions,

[L«f. & Fer.Ji 31 %. and

2822 46° GEORGII III. "dtp.tjf.

and other necessary Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such vSeciiriries, and the Sums payable in respect of ‘the fame; to which Book or Books the Person or Persons entitled thereto, and every Person liable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments shall at all seasonable Times have Access, with free Liberty toin-spect the fame without Fee or Reward; and all such Alignments and Transfers, after they shall be respectively entered in the said Book or Bocks in Manner aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Afligns, to the Benefit of such Security or Securities as aforesaid.

Commission-

the Fxscutior of this /let.

ComnufTlon-mfter Oaths.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That a’! such of the said Commissioners as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, may act as Justices in all Matters under the Authority of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners as aforesaid; and that in all Cafes where any Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are authorizd by this Act to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for any such Commissioner or Commissioners, being a Justice or Justices as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, to administer such Oath and take such Affirmation; and that in all Cafes where any Parties, Wit-nefies, Officeis to Commissioners, or other Persons, are to be heard or examined by or before or in the Presence of the said Commissioners, in any Case, Matter, or Thing relating to this Act, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to administer an Oath to, or take the Affirmation of such Parties, Witnesses, Officers, or Persons.

Inhabitant*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in ail Actions, Prosecutions, £«Y «i*e Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or con-vi ence, cerning the Execution of this Act, no Person residing within the Limits of this Act shall be disqualified from giving Evidence by reason of such Person being charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Afieffnn nt by virtue of this Act; and that the said Commissioners may sue or be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk; and that no Action to be brought by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk; but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case shall be.

Trc.-fnrers

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, a»d Collectors Collector or Collectors to the said Commissioners, shall, upon Three Days to account. Notice jn Writing given to or left for him or them at his or their usual or last Place or Places of Abode, deliver to the said Commissioners a true and particular Account in Writing, signed by such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, of all Monies which he or they shall have received, or collected by reason of his or their Office or Offices; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall in his or their Account or Accounts distinguish how much hath been paid and disburied by the Older of the said Commissioner and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and the Treasurer or Treasurers, Col'.ester or Collectors' so accoun-ing,

shall

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 134; 2823

shall verify such Account upon Oath, if required so to do, and which Oath any one of the said Commissionen is. hereby empowered to administer; and the said Collector or Collectors shall all'o deliver in to tl.e said Cominifnoners, when thereunto required, a true Lift: of the Names of all Persons who shall have neglected or refuted to pay the said Rates or Assess* ments, and an Account of the several Sums of Money due and in Arrear from such Persons, and the Times at which the fame respectively became due; and it any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, shall neglect or refute to deliver such Account or Accounts, or produce proper Voucher- for all Payments by him or them made, or to verify the lame on Oath, or shall refuse or neglect to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them received or collected as aforesaid, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, every such Treasurer or Collector so refuting or neglecting, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay I any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the said Com* xniiiioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against such Treasurer cr Collector, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money so received or collected as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers Money paid to the said Commissioners shall and is and are hereby required, out of the J»y Tourers Monies he or they shall receive in pursuance of this Act, to pay all Sum i°/iSookT and Sums of Money drawn upon him or them, or which he or they shall be respectively ordered to pay by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall and is and are hereby required to keep regular and fair Entries in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, of all the Receipts and Payments which he or they shall make on the Accounts aforesaid, and to which Book or Books every Person liable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments shall and may have free Access at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to infj ect the fame without Fee or Reward; and the Bid Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to audit the said Accounts, and also the Books and Accounts of their Collector or Co!. lectors twice in every Year, and pass the fame if such Accounts shall appear just.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Rte0Veryand herein-before by this Act imposed (the Manner of recovering which is not Applications hereby otherwise directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and f,enatiei*

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by War.

rant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place whe.ein the Offender or Offenders shall be or rdide, which Warrant such justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Information of any credible Witness upon Oath; and such Penalties and Forfeitures (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), shall be paid to the I reasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners, and added to and become Part of their Funds; and in case such Penalties or Forfeitures shall nor be forthwith paid, or sufficient Distress shall not be found, such J aft ice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and cq1 ired by

28 24

B.ftrtfs not to be deenud »n!a<- ful for Want tf

Pibcerd'ngs

quathrd for W*.»t ef Form

or be removed

byCeitioiari.

Persons rtg. grieved may appeal to ihe Q^iartei 5-1-ftons.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

Warrant under his or their Hand and Sea! or Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gao' or House of Correction within such County of Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and ail reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That where any DistrtTs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act* such Distress shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Deleft or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto $ nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Tfefpasser or Trespassers ab ir.iiio on account of any Irregularity which shall beasterwa ds do e by the Party or Parties distraining; and that the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage only in an Action on the Cafe.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, nor any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matrer or Thing to be done and trar.fasted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quasheci for Want ot Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise or be re^ ceived by virtue of this Act, shall be applied in paying from Time to Time the Interest of the Money to be borrowed, and in defraying the Expences of executing this Act, and in paying off the Principal Money borrowed, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think hin.self, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the said Commissioners at their Fill! or Second Meeting to be holden next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arilen; and if such Person or Persons shall not be satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners therein, then such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County of Middlesex, within Three Calendar Months next after such De-teirnination, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice in Writirg of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or causes thereof, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and within Four Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 134. 2823

c.i the then lad General or Charter Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County which shall f;rft happen next after the Expiration of One‘Calendar Month from the Day of giving such Notice j and the said Justices at such Seiko n or Adjournment, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal, in a luminary Way, and «t*arJ such C.o(ts to the Appellant or Appefants, or Respondent or Re-fpondent* as they the said Justices shall think proptr; and the Determination ol such juilices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to and upon all Parties concerned.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur- Actlun»* luance of this Act until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the said Commissioners or their Clerk, or after sufficient Satis-

f.iftion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the East committed for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Mat- QJn,ral Issue ter in Evidence at any Trial to be Jiad thereupon, and that the fame toas done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Tw'enty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or it any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and iq any of the said Cafes the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit shall become Nonsuit, or shall suffer a Discontinuance of any such Action or Suit, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, then and in any of the Caffs aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of Suit in any Cafes of Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any NoCo.icJi to Person after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the passing of piytorHii-this Act, to dand and ply for Hire with any Hackney Coach within the ITor within said Square, nor in any Place in that Part of the Street called Hart Street, certvn p.ace* Bloomsbury, which lies and is situate between the South-Ead Corner of the adi0;nin&‘ said Square and King Street, Holborn; nor within the Didance of Three hundred Feet of any House forming Part of the said Square, in any

Street or Place immediately leading into or out of the said Square.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if after the Expiration of Penalty on

One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act any Person (haR dand ot"

and ply for Hire with any such Coach within the said Square, or in any Place in that Part of the Street called Hart Street, Bloomsbury, which lies and is situate between the South-Ead Corner of the said Square and King Street [Loe. Per.~\ 31 R Holborn

I

4£>' GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

fji w '! i or within the Biftance of Three hundred Feet of any such House as aforesaid, in any Street or Place immediately leading into or out of the said ‘‘quaf-e. the Party so offending shall on Conviction thereof by the Oath < i One or more cred ble Witness or Witnesses, before One or more of his Majesty's Juiriccs of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or hef re the CommHIvmm acting under and by virtue of the several Acts i f Parliament f.'r ihe Ihenfing and regulating of Hackney Coaches and Chairs in the Ciries of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings for t very such Offence, one Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the ether Moiety thereof to the Use of the K ng’s tro't fixed lent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and if such Offender fluiM not pay the Lid Penalty immediately on Conviction, he shall he committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty fr.ali ije sooner paid: Provided always, that all such last-mentioned Offences shall be prosecuted within Seven Day* next after the same shall be committed.

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

#dMH|HF^X*)Mt*MMi*

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the more eaiy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more ettly n G. j. and Jpsedy Recovery of S-nall Debts, within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the Corny c/York, and the several Parishes of the fame Town, which said Act ha h been found useful and beneficial, but the fame is in some Refprcls defective, and insufficient fully to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the necessary Support and Proreftion of ufi-fu! Credit within the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, and the several Paillhes of the fame, if the Powers of the Court of Requests, confiituted by the said recited Act of Parliament, were extended to the Recovery of Small Debts, not exceeding Five Pounds, and if the Number of the Commissioners of the said Court were enlarged:

And whereas it would be attended with very beneficial Eft'efts 11 the Publick if Certain Debts, not exceeding the Sum of l-tvc Pounds were recoverable in the Lia Court . May it therefore pleafcYour Majesty that it may be enactrd; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and w:th the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern coral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

[21st July 1806.]

[L c. Si? A,]

2830 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

So mi!i as the Authority of the same, Thatfo much and Curb Parts of the Lid recited

Rttninsthe*1 Act of the Tweftty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

Jurisdiction confine or restrain the Cognizance or Juristliftion of the Court ot Rrqucfts

to De;u*1,rt for the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, and the several Parishes of

under Forty the fame Town, to Debts under the Value of Forty Shillings, shall, from

repealed? and a^er r^e Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, be and the same are hereby repealed.

Commifllcn-rs.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen,

and Capital Burgesses of the Town of Beverley for the Time being, Thomas Aldridge, John Amery, John Andus Grocer, Charles John Berkeley Doctor of Physic, Samuel Bland, Benjamin Blaydes, the Reverend Thomas Bowman, William Brigham, Wilfred Burnham, Robert Carr, Samuel Clemcjha, the Reverend Joseph CAtman, the Reverend Charles ConjL\b[e% Thomas Curtis, William Dargavel, Peter Denton, Henry Eccles, William Edwards, Robert Elis, John Ellis, Henry Ellison, jolm Fleming, John Gardham, Christophir Geldart, George Gibson, Henry Gill, Thomas Hull Doctor of Ph\fi;, the Reverend John Jackson, John Jackson, J hn Jackson Surgeon, Richard JameJon, William Jewifon, John Kirkus, Robert Leadam, V?av/7 L'afon, John Lee, Thomas Lee, /&nry Le^ard, John Lowjon, Christopher Mach ell, William Mair, Mufchamp, Thomas Ox toby, Abraham Peacock,

Thomas Peacock, Thomas Pitts, Pratman, William Richardson,

Robert Richardson, Mowld Robinson, John Robinson, Thomas Sherwood, Thomas Sf ipstone, William Stephenson, Robert Stephcnfon, Lawrence Stephen son, Edward Stickney, Henry Thcmpfon, Matthew Turner, William Warded and Wilkinjon, shal) be and are hereby appointed and declared Commissioners for putting the said recited Act and this Act into Execution and that they Hoc said Commissioners now and hereafter 10 be from Time to Time eiefted and appointed, or any Three or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time have full Power and Authority to hear, examine, and determine all such Matters of Debt as are herein-after mentioned; and the said Commissioners and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of ‘ The Court of Requests for the Town ‘ and Liberties of Beverley, and the several Panrties of the lame Town and they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowe-ed and required to meet and hold the said Court cn every Fourth Wednesday throughout the Year, or oftener if there shall be Occasion, in the Guildhall of the said Town ,or at any other convenient Place within the said Town or Liberties or Parishes of the fame, to be appointed by the major Part of the Commissioners assembled at any such Meeting; and that the First Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held on Wednesday the Twentieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six.

How new

III. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time, on the Death,

Incapacity, or Refusal to act of any of the Commissioners herein-before tl^fen. particularly named, or of any of their Successors to be eiefted in M inner hereinafter mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Town of Beverley for the Time being, or the major Part of them, when assembled together (and they are hereby required to aflsnible together within the Space of One Month next alter such Decease, Incapacity, nr Refusal to act (bill happen or be known, or as soon after as conveniently may be), to elect and appoint One Commissioner in the Stead of every such Commiflfoner so dying, becoming inc.ipable or refusing to

aft;

4.6° GEORGII III. Cep. 135. 2831

ad , and every- foeh Comm Ifioner To elected fh .11 have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and fhuil he subject and liable to the tame Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he had been parttculaly named herein as a Commissioner.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners already f^.or'i^aa appointed and to be appointed as af'ordaid, or any or either of them, shall Untithey not be capable of riding as Commissioners or Commission<jr in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act or by the said o'tli°, °" 5 recited Act, after the said Thirtieth Dav of July One thousand eight hundred and six, until they and he respectively shall have taken an Oath to the Effid following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [[or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do Oath.

solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially,

according to the btft of my Skill and Judgement, execute the several ‘ Powers and Trusts reposed in me as a Commissioner of the Court of sts in and fur the Town and Liberties of Beverley, and the several Parishes of the same Town, conformably to the Directions, true Intent, and planing of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Elis Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the mere easy and fp.eedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Liber- ties of Beverley, in the County-cf lurk, aid the several Parjhcs of the Jame Town j and of an Act palFd in the b'orty.sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty the Third, intituled, An A hi [here Jet firth

the Title of this Attjpx conformably to the D;ri dions and true Intent and Meaning of such or so much of the fame Two Acts as now art or is in force, and that v.ithou Favour or Aftedion, Prejudice or Malice

and also that I am a Householder with n the Juristlidion of the said Court, and that i am possefledofa Real hftate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One Thousand Pounds, above all Charges or Incumbrances whatsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath shall be in lieu and stead of the Oath mentioned or prescribed clerk or Vc-to be taken by a Comm ftioi.er in the said recited Act; and which said py‘y.^ra^ Oath herein before mentioned or comained, the Clerk of the said Court oath.4* f t the Time being, or his sufficient Deputy, is hereby empowered and required to administor , and they the fain ComrmlTioners shall and they are hereby required, after taking the said Oath, to sign cr subscribe their rHptdivr Names upon a Roil or Rolls cf Parchment to be froviiied for that Purpose, with the Paul Oath written or printed thereon; and such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to ad Qualification as a Coimrilboner in the Execution of this Act, unless hr shall at the

Time of acting be a Householder within the Jinildidion of the said Court, " and pollefted of a Real Estate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds,above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever j and if any Person not being qualified

at

2?3* 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Pejury) forfeit and pay the Sutn of Filty Pounds, together with tull Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courrs of Record at WeJlmnjtcr, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Impailame shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint, and Iniofmation, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: miinonc?0"1" Prov^cd nevertheless, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and food he fore Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner

Conviction. or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified

as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, fhdl, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

°o?nte?t bP* further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Set jeant, of

Sbrmer Act, other Officer nominated or appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, shall to continue and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments, until

e£l ,c,uov' he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the Commissioners acting by virtue of this Act; and every such Clerk, Serjeant, and other Officer and Servant, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, as if he had been nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act.

Titntof VII. And, for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court, belt

cause? further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said Court or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Cause or causes, to be heard or determined by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, but between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend, ot be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses, in the said Court, in pursuance of any Action or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, save and except between the said Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Debtors to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Meeting be fuii.moned of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for any SffionS*"* Person or Persons (whether such Person or Persons shall reside within the

who may Jurisdiction of the said Court or not) having any Debt or Debts on the

b^weeH Balance of Account, or in respect ot Wages, Rent, or Arrears of Rent, or tin a* 1 he/ otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or

think fit., ow ng or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right,

or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executor or Administrator, Guardian, Affiance, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, o: due or owing to him at Chamberlain, Town Clerk, or other Officer, to any

6 Body

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 135. 2833

Body Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society, duly associated and conHicuted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whacfoevtr, which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this Act, by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, inhabiting redding, or being within the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, or the several Parishes of the fame Town, or keeping or using any House,

Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shi-d, Stall, or Stand, or using or frequenting the Markets there, or seeking a Livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the lame, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or,his Deputy, who shall immediately make out and deliver to the Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing under the Hand of the said Clerk, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and Hating the Particulars of such Demand or Cause of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demands j and such Serjeant shall forthwith serve or cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay,

Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Courr, and upon due Proof made of such Summons having been duly served in manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners prefenc in Court (the Number of such Commissioners present noc being less than by this Act directed) are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Order or Orders and Decrees therein, and pals such final Sentence or Judgement thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit as to them ftjali fecjm most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and they are arealfo hereby empowered to order and direct the Payment of any such Debts to be made, either in one Sum at once, or by Instalments at Hated Periods, as they shall see Cause, and deem juH and reasonable, all which Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Proceedings so to be made,

shall be regiHered in a Bock or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Court or his sufficient Deputy, as they have been accustomed to be; and as will the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, as the Debtor or Defendant, Debtors or Defendants, whom such Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Proceedings, shall respectively concern, shall observe, perform, and keep the fame respectively in all Points; and no such Orders, Decrees, Judgements, or Proceedings shall be removed or removable into any other Court by Certiorari or otherwise howsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for officer* or any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit or Cause the Courtto hereafter depending in the said Court of Requeffs, to cause any Person or ncffe8.°n Persons, as well residing within the Jurisdiction of this Court as elsewhere, to be warned or summoned as often as shall appear necessary, by one of the Officers of the said Courr, either by serving i'uch Summons personally, or by leaving the fame at the lass or usual Place or respective Places of [Lqc, (sr Per^\ 31 T Abode

2834 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

Abode of such Person or Persons, to sppear as a Witness or Wifneffis to give Evidence in the Paid Court in or concerning any Suit or Cause , wiineHVs not anci in case any such Pe; for) or Persons iotobe summoned to give Evidence appearing or ai aforesaid (having been paid or tendered his, her, or their reasonable ^iTe^Eviiience Expences) (fiall refuse or neglvft to appear at the Time and Place to to forfeit 50s.} which he, she, or they (halt be so summoned, or appearing upon any such Summons shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakers on solemn Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence as aforesaidjbefore such Commissioners, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in either of the said Cafes, every such Person so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings, to be awarded by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, unless a reasonable Excuse be offered to and allowed by the said Commissioners; and if the Person or Persons so offending, shall not fault of Pay- forthwith pay into the said Court the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed ment to upon him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com-committed. missioners, or any Three or more of them, to order and cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended by an Officer of the said Court, and committed to the Gaol or Pril'on in the Town of Beverley aforesaid, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid j and every such Penalty or Forfeiture cf^Irkjc? as nient'oned> which shall be received by virtue of this Act, shall thereupon (after deducting the reasonable Costs and Charges of apprehending and taking such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing) be paid over into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Person or Persons respectively paying the same shall at the Time of his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal to appear or give Evidence as aforesaid, inhabit, dwell, or feck a Livelihood, and shall be applied towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

If Debtor* Jo X. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors who shall coVPifi oner» ^ave summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear either in PerLn, or

m*yproceed, by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, before the said Court, at the Time and Place mtntioned in the said Summons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in the said Court, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons, in manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plain.iffor Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such reasonable Costs of Suit as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

If Plaintiff deesnot appear to prove: his Demand, Defendant shall have Colts.

XI. And be it further enact;!, That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, or of the Cause on account of which such Summons shall have been ififued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear either in Person, or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing, shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but fhsli become Nonsuited, or Judgement shall be pronounced

against

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 135. 2835

against him, her, or them by the Aid Court, then and in every such Case it ih.di anti may be lawful o and for the said Commissi >ners present in Court, to award m trie Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Colb, and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance, as they the said Cv mmissioners in their Dilcrecion shall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways or Means as are herein provided lor the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the said Court.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Personsgir-shall make Oath, or being of the People called Quakers shall mike Affirma- de^'to^e" tion, or give Evidence in any Cause depending in the said Court of Requests, pushed for whereby he, ffie, or they shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, or- Perlul> be guilty of wilful and false affirming, and thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then every such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties, as any other Person or Persons convt&ed of wilful Perjury according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages, ^f'n^ uVtUr or any. other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum Agcma> i>c~ of Five Pounds, 'shall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, recovered. Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopworn in, Assistant, Labourer,

or any other Person whomsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be latvful to and for Inch Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistanr, Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such Debt, in the said Court, in the same Manner as if he or Die were of full Age; and the Lid Commissioners present ir» the said Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of, and proceed in all C uses concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have such and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act or This Act not any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt where any Title ceruinDtbts. of Freehold or Lease for Years of jany Lands or Tenements shall come

in question, or to any Debt by Specialty, which shall not be for the Payment of a Sum certain, nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds, nor to any other Debt that shall arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments, fictiaie elsewhere than in the said Town and Liberties, and the several Parishes of the said Town, or by reason of any Cause concerning Teffiament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition for or by way of Retainer of Tythes, nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, W^ger, or any Kind of Gaming or Play, nor to any Debt which there has not been a Contraft, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promiie to pay, within Six Years before the raking out of the Summons, p.lthough the feme respectively shall not exceed Five Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

2836

Verdict* in any other Court, for Debts re-co-verable in this Court, not entitled to Cods, unUf*

Judge flnit k~. certify that the Debt ought to haee been rtcovei ed in this

Court.

Persons not prevented

in? Rents by Distress, he.

46e GEORGII 111. Cap. 135,

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced in any other Court than the said Court of Reqursts, for any Debt not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, in the said Court of sts, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Colts whatsoever; and if the Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard (hill think fit to certify rnat such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requells, then and so often such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cods in any Case by Law.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to prevent or redrain any Person or Persons from making Distress, or bringing any Action or Actions whatsoever for Rent, and thereby recovering such Rent with Cods, although the fame Rent shall n t exceed the Sum of Five Pounds,

Actions not

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall the’puI>loi/°f fxren^’or oonftrottd to extend, so as to enable any Plaintiff to split or twfngingtlwm ^'v'^e any Cause or Action for Recovery of any Debt, where the whole t>tfo,e;the Sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sum of Five

Coun. Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more

causes or Actions, for the Purpose of bringing such causes or Actions within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that any Plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissione s shall and they are hereby required to dismiss, with Cods, every such Caule or Action so lplit and divided; but such Dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he or (lie may lawfully proceed.

But the Court

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any Plaintiff who shall have to

InYuch Ac'ion or (l'v>ded iuen his or her Cause or Action, shall be willing to accept

so split, if the" such Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by this Act enabled to yjaintiff than adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the Whole of his or her Demand receive the'0 in such Cause or Action so split or divided, then and in every such Case, Mon.y in full the said Commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce ?nfucUtmaad* (on such Plaintiff proving his or her Cause or Cafe to tile Satisfaction of Actji.n. the said Commissioners) such Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such Sum shall in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners, be declared to be and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Cause or Action so split or divided.

Time of tm-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever 5e£or><Hmi°* shall be committed to the said Gaol or Prison by Order of the said Court, t-.d. ’ for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued in Custody on any Pretence

whatsoever

.81?

d

I.

or

)ci

for

me

all

or

ole

ive

tore

Ofil

rro

Jed

k

h

-of

k

I to

ind

ile,

ice

of

itn

on<

A

to

tf

4.6° GEORGII m. Cap. 135,

whatsoever (except in the Cafes herein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of hi?, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are herein-after limited} that is to lav, where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) does nor exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, thm he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (.xclusive of Cods) is above Twenty Shillings, and dots net exceed Forty Shillings then not more than Forty Days \ and where the Debt (exclusive ot Custs) is above Forty Shillings and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) is above Three Pounds and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days i and where the Debt (exclusive of Colts) is above hour Pounds and dot*; r.or exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his her, or their Commitment; and the said Kccpei of the said Gaol or Prison is hereby directed and required to difeharse such Person accordingly.

XX. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Perfor.s summoned if r»ny Debtor for Debt to the said Court from fraudulently concealing Money, Goods, ^,nc(e11,c^(°Jt or EfTeds; be it further enacted, That in case, upon the Summons of Ti.ne°ot *’ any Prrfcn for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Information of his n^rifon-any such fraudulent Concealment shall be given, such Court shall have "'iUrgca. Power to hear Evidence as to the Fad; and in case it shall be proved to

1 heir Satisfaction upon the Oath cf one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administer) then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid Time of imprisonment of such Debtor to any Period, in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Time or im. this Act, all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in ExecU-

tion, under or by virtue of any Proctfs issuing from or out of the said Execution* Court of Requtfts, and who at the Time of being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisopment, shall have more than one Execution against him, her, or them irt the said Court, he, she, or they shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in resped of each and every Execution *, that is to say, after the limited Time is expired on the first Execution, the Imprisonmenc shall commence on the second Execution; and after the limited Time is expired on the second Execution, the Imprisonment shall commence on the third Execution-, and so on until he, (lie, or they shall have been imprisoned the limited Tune for and in respect of each and tveiy fe par ate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their imprisonment j any Law, Statute, or Uiageto the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful ro or for pmc-ftnot to the said Commissioners, to issue any Process against the B dy or Bodies of !iri»e..gmn'i any Person or Persons, in any Calc or Cafes where the Party entitled to the <joed> «f Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree, shall at the same Time have u»efaja«r Phobia ined any Warrant or Proctfs against the Goods and Chattels of the

fume Person or Persons.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Th t each and every Person impri-

foned by virtue of this Act, shall, on the Expiration cfhis or her Time GUU\t<ct. [L«. & Per.] 31U of

f,

2838

46° GEORGII lll.l'.Cap. 135.

of Imprisonment, bedischarged and fetat liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity wh uloever, to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pietence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or any other Person whosoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person, shall ^y°(Fj^ce* for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and mine iurh" it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace for the

offence. said Town and Liberties, to hear and determine every such Offence, and

such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon, any Lftorrrr-tion exhibited, or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been c rnmit'.ed (in case such Information shall be exhibited, or Complaint made, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fad, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or WitndTes, or by the voluntary Corfcfnon of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid and in case such Penalty or F orfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Over-piu (if any) after de hiding such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Colls and Charges of such Difirefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case sufficient Dill refs mail not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the East Riding of the County of York, (or any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Coils and Charges amending such Conviction, be fconer paid and discharged; and one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture, when paid cr received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof ro-the Clerk to the Lid Commissioners, and the same shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the said Town and Liberties and the Parishrs of the fame Town, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

Recoiii cf

XXIV. And whereas it may happen that PerPms f-rved with Process Ji’dgfm nt issuing out of the said Court of Requests may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Juris-the fujienor ciiiflion of the Paid Court; be it therefore enabled. That in all Cafes Writs’of Exc- where a ^nal ^cree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten cutjou iiluo t Shillings (haji have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may he !?ahnySCoua- 1*1 to and for any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WesiminJlsr, ty. upon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgement being

obtained, and of ddigent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chute Is, and of the Precept of Execution having issued agiinft the Person or Persons, or Effects, as-the Case may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons^ Goods and Chattels ©£

4&" GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the JurisV diction of the faiti Court (which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits) it ffiali and ni3y be lawful to and for such superior Court to cause the Record of the Did Decree or Judgement to be removed into such superior Court, and toifLcr Writs of Execution tly reupon to the Sheriff ( f any County, City, Liberty, or Piace against the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, n the same Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the said Cou ts ac Westminster; and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of T wmty Shilling* be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effcdls, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Colls of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court subsequent to the said Decree or Judgement and of the Execution in the superior Court, over and above the ivionty for which such Execution shall be issued.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums of FV^ohc Money herein*a!ter limited and expressed, and no o»he.-, shall be taken by the Clerk and Serjeant, or other Officer of the said Court of Requeffs* it r their several and respective Services in the Execution of the said rec:ed Act, ana of this Act, in Jieu and Read of the Fees and Sums of Money limired and expicfled in 'he said recited Act; (rhat is to say)

CLERK’S FEES.

cause -

Entering 1

Ifluihgevery Snbpcena for the Attendance of not "*l i more than Two Wituefles - - - J

For a Non(uit i»n the Plaintiffs not appearing Entering, and drawing up every Judgement,"!

Decree, or Order, on Hearing - - J

For receiving Money in Court, and entering 7

fame ill fus Book - - - - 5

For receiving Money out of Court in full

Tor receiving Money out of Court by Instalments Ifliung every Attachment, Precept, Order, or") Execution - - - j

For tvfery Sea re hi n the Book

SERJEANT’S FEES,

For thd Service of every Summons, Order, or"\ Subpoena in the Town J

Ifout of the Town, for every Mile extra F01 tl.eExecuiion of every Warrant Precept, or'j Attachment again 11 ihe Goods or Body in the J Town - - - J

If out of the Town, for every Mile extra -

It an Assistant Serjeant be necessary in :he Judge-mem of the Commissioners, then for the AfliU-ant in the Town -

II out of tbcTovvo, for every Mile extra

Table of Fees.

O 3 o 9

A Table

2840 46' GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

to*beChuifC<u Table of which said Fees shall be hang up by the Clerk of the said in the Court? Court in some publick and conspicuous Part of the Court House, or other Place where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes aforesaid, to the End that all Persons concerned may at ail Times fee and read over the same.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Cods to be given, awarded, or allowed by the said Com miffi oner-, shall not in any Case whatever exceed the Sum of Four Shillings and One Penny on the Recovery of a Debt not exceeding Ten Shillings nor the Sum of Seven Shillings and Eight Pence on the Recovery of a Debt above Ten Shillings and not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor the Sum of Eleven Shillings on the Recovery of a Debt above Forty Shillings and not excec ding Five Pounds (except where the Pl unt ff or Defendant in any Action brought in the said Court cfRequells fholi not reside within the Town or Liber ties of Btverity aforesaid, in which Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com-inidioners to award such further or additional Cods as to them diall seem proper and reasonabb) j norlhall there be awarded or allowed any other or greater Fees when the Cause is against several Defendants, than if such Cause had been against one Defendant only (Fees for Copies and Service of any Process, Rule, or Order, only excepted).

Officers rale-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Clerk or Serjeant, ingotiier Fees or other Officer for the Time being of the said Court, shall at any Time in*"in^he3V" hereafter take or demand any greater or other Fees than as above-men-Exccurion of tioned, or shall otherwise misbehave himself in the Execution of his Office, toTw-S?"* he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds Twemy to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Ma-fuirco1 s'"- jedy*s Courts of Record at V/cJi.ninster^ together with full Caffs of Suit, u 0 3 by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or any mere than one Impar-commenced* Ence shall be allowed, so that such Action or Suit be commenced within wiuun One One Calendar Month after the Offence committed, and not otherwise; Onimission- ar,d the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court, or either of them, for the e.-s miy for Time being, shall be guilty of any notorious Misbehaviour, either by fre-iUfoend3or°Ur cIuent^y taking or drmandinggreater or other Fees as aforesaid, or other-remove the wife in the Execution of their respective Offices, upon Complaint made, CfeikorSer- the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall in open Je n Court hear and enquire into the Matter of the said Misbehaviour, by the

Oath or Oaths of one or mo^e credible Witness or Witnesses, and shall, if they (being a Majority of the said Court) think fit, certify the Particulars or the said Misbehaviour, with the Proofs thereof, unto the Mayer of the said Town for the Time being, who shall thereupon cause all the said Commissioners to be summoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, and shall lay the fame before the Commissioners assembled pursuant to such Summons, who shall cake the fame into Consideration, and may, according to their Discretions, suspend or remove the said Clerk or Serjeant so offending from his said Office, and nominate and appoint another fte and able Person to txercife the said Office in the Place and Stead of him lo removed.

Recover ard

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures Ap^cJt-on 'by vinuc of this Act impeded -(the Manner of levying and recovering of Penalties. w hereof

Colts to be awarded not

Sam limned.

2841

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly d;rested) shall be levied and recovered by Dill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals, of any Three of more of the said Commissioners (\ hich Warrant such Commissioners are lie eby empowered to grant) upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any ere 'ble Witness upon Oath, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing such Fines and Penalties and the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-beforedireftedtobeotherwiseapplied)shallbepaid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, and the said Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requ*fts, in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think right and proper; and in case such Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol for the said Town, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid andfatisfied.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur- Actions, fuance of the said recited Act, and of this Act, or either of them, or on

account of any Order, Determination, Judgement, or Decree of any of the said Commissioners, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given in Writing, to be left at the Office of the Clerk of the said Court, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General I flue, Genar«l issue. and give this Act and the spepial Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon j and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in] either of the said Cafes such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy Treble Cost*. for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cafes by Law.

XXX. Provided always, That the said recited Act, and all Powers, Said recited

Provisoes, Clauses, Matter*, and Things therein respectively contained, whereTeSy fh JI, so far as the same are not hereby express, repealed or otherwise pro- repeated, or vided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the Provisions of this Act, for>|

continue and be in full Force, and extend to all and every Person and extended to ‘ Persons to whom this Act doth or shall extend.

31 X

ILoe. fc? Per.]

2842 4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 13s

C°iAu~~

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Ac" ° l,e take Effedfc from and after the said Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, and be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, publick Act. au(j (^ajj judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being Specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Ejspeilent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*9*

Cap. 136.

An AiSfor supplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, are. at present very scantiJy supplied with Water: And whereas it being of great Consequence to the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, that they should have a constant Supply of Water, the several Persons hereinafter named are willing to tmdertake to procure and supply the same to be raised from the River Clyde, into Rcfervoirs to be formed on Part of the Lands of Dal-tnarnock, in the Barony Parish of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, which the said Persons have purchased from John Clark, Writer, in Glasgow, and to be conveyed from thence in Pipes under-ground, through the Lands of Dalmarnock, the Property of John Buchanan, the late Archibald Grahame and of Robert Scotty Esquires, and along the Street or Road leading into and situate within the Burgh of Glasgow, called the Road to Camlachie, and along Sidney-Jlrcet, into Reservoirs which are to be formed in Part of the Lands of Middle and New Gallowmuir, within the said City, which the said Persons have purchased from Robert Marshall,

Writer, in Glasgow, from whence such Water is to be distributed in Pipes through the City and Suburbs of Glasgow: But these Objects cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament: May it there-fore^ please your MAJESTT, That it may be en3t5led, and be it <*nafte<!, by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Proprietors. Glasgow, Alexander Oswaldy John M'Caul, Henry Monteathy Archibald Smithy Charles Hagan, Robert Hagarty John Tennent, James Paterfotiy Kirkman Finlay, James Sword, James Hill, Charles HutchiJ'on, Joseph Bain,

William Aitkin, David Niven, James Inglis, John Pearson, Alexander Ewing, Robert Arthur, John Arthur, Benjamin Matbie, James Ewing,

James Hunter, Matthew Roberson, Ad(un Crooks, James Smith, Robert isf Per.] 31 T Eaflon,

2S46

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

fcaston, William Jack, John Lang, Alexander Refs, Robert Kalley, William Kelley, Robert Blair, "James Steven, David Blair, 7<j£» Mair, Laurence Cratgic, Robert and James McNair, James Forrester, James Spreull, James Cleland, Robert Owen, John Wright, junior, Jdmiefon, David

Black, Charles Walker, William Davidjon, William Meikle, Bellan*

tine, Andrew McMillan, Robert Aujlin, William Bannerman,

Alexander Wtljon, Archibald Wright, Robert Had do w, James Dale, William Harley, Matthew Perston, Perston, Lawrence Dinwiddle,

James Paterjon, Robert M'Gown, Robert Walker, Wingate, junior,

Bowman Fleming, Smith, junior, Archibald Smithey William Hamilton,

Ferment, junior, Robert Dunlop, Mary M'-Neiladge, James Fyjfe, Corbett, John Geddes, Donald M‘Donald, Robert Carfs, John Reid, Robert Robertion, George Burn, Robert Freeland, Cochran, John

Stuart, Francis Garden, George Buchanan, James Buchanan, Thomas Shiels, Peter M'Adam, Andrew Wingate, James Brafh, Stewart Smith, John Burnfidc, William Wation, Alexander Crum, James Crum, Archibald Turner9 John Ruffed, Mojes Gardner, Robert Thomson, junior, James Hamilton, senior, More, George Miller, John Downie, Thomas Grahame, James Brown, John Brown, James Rowan, William Rodger, Joshua Hey-wwd, William Dalgleifh, Patrick Smith,. Robert Jar vie, James Lawrie, Archibald M‘Nab, James Marshall, Beatrice Miller, William Carjwell, James Carjwell, William JamieJon, Bojil Ronald, William Penney, James Gardner, George Andrew, James Arthur, William Anderson, Isabella Gillies, William Bogle, Robert Dickie, Andrew White, John Hamilton, John Graham, David Lang, Robert Loch ore, John Strang, John Hadden, senior, George Tuiile, John MHlwham, John Harper, William For long, John Smith, ..Andrew Gilbert, James Milligen, Thomas Davidjon, Alexander Bryce, Alexander Campbell, William Gentle, 7?/£vz M'-Murrich, John Coats, Thomson, senior, Thomas Edington, Affleck Mocdie, George M'JntoJh, Robert Burns, John Semple, John Bell, the Reverend M'-Leod, Richard Gillespie, John Knox, Archibald Campbell, Alexander Houjloun, William Baillie, Robert Grahame for himself and Andrew Mitchell, James Mo'rrijon, John Swanston, Robert Marshall, the Principal of the College of Glasgow for the Time being, William Taylor, William Richardson, George Jar dine, James Mylne, Robert Findlay, James Peat, Ephraim Gardner, Walter Ewing M'Lea, James Donaldjon, Colin Campbell^William Dunlop, Alexander M'-Gregor, Robert Dennijloun, Mojes M'Citlloch, John Smith, Archibald Williamson, John Napier, Arthur White, John Hamilton, Cuthbert-

Jon, James Graham, ----- Lowry, Alexander Galloway, David Dow,

Walter Logan, James Sword, junior, Alexander Lindjay, William Wtljon, Gilbert Hamilton, Car nip, Duncan MiCallum, Archibald Campbell,

James Aiken, Charles Stirling, Alexander Gordon, 7^ Adam, Eneas M'Bean, Peter Mir lees, Matthew Richardson, Dennijloun,

Z7n?, Henry Wardrop for himself and Robert Graham and James War dr of, William Hunter, Robert Freer, George Lob on, William Cowan, John Taylor, William Kidston, and Robert Carnie, together with such other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, as shall at any Time hereafter be possessed of one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and the Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such several Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, shall be, and they Incorporated, are hereby, united into a Company for supplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water from the River Clyde; and for making, completing, and maintaining, the necessary Works for that Purpose, and shall be one

Body

2847

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of the Company of Proprietors (f the Glq/gow Water Works, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and a common Seal; and by that Name shall sue, or may be sued j and shall also have full Power to purchase Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to them, their Successors, or Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, but for no other Use or Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall, and may be lawful, to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise, and contribute amongst ney among" themselves, a competent Sum of Money, for making and maintaining themselves the said Reservoirs, and all other Works and Conveniences belonging T°r making or requisite thereto, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hun- cr'0,r,» dred thousand Pounds, which said Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied, in the first Place, in discharging the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this A6V, and the making the proper Surveys,

Plans, and Estimarfcs, and the doing and providing of all the Matters and Things preparatory and previous thereto, including the Price of the Grounds purchased for the said Reservoirs, and then in the making, completing, and maintaining the said Reservoirs, and other requisite Works and Conveniences for putiing this Act into Execution; and that the same Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or so much of it as shall be raised, shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and that the said Shares shall be, and are hereby vetted in the several Persons so railing and contributing the fame, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to them and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionally to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for one or more Share or Shares of such Sum or Sums, as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, and other Purposes of the said Subscription, shall be entitled to, and receive, after the said Reservoirs and other requisite Works and Conveniences shall be completed, and after a Sum of not less than Six thousand Pounds shall be accumulated, ih Manner hereinafter mentioned, as a Fund for answering Contingencies, the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportional Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages which shall and may arise and accrue from the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors, by the Authority of this Act j and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Person, and Persons, having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame, in Manner herein directed and appointed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained No Person shall extend to charge or make liable any Person or Persons, Body answerable or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is, are or shall be Pro- [j* prietor or Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, or Contributor respective or Contributors thereto, or his, her, or their real or personal Estate, with stock, any Debt or Demand whatever, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her, or their capital Stock, or

« Share

2848 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

S re Of Shares in the Stock of the said Company, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

Shares to be

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Pro-Personal Ef- portions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons, of and in the said Reservoirs, and other Works, or the joint Stock, or Fund, of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed personal Estate, and transmif&ble as such, and not of the nature of real Property.

Subscribers V. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politic, Corporate Vo'e'for nr Collegiate, an(^ every Person who shall by virtue of this Act have every Share, subscribed or undertaken for One Share in the said Undertaking, his, not exceed- her, or their resptflive Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Af-ing Six signs, present at the stated General and Special General Assemblies to be Shares. held as ^cjn appointed, shall have a Vote for every such Share, but not exceeding Six Votes in the whole, although possessed of more than Six Shares in the said Undertaking, and every Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and every Person who shall by virtue of this Act have subscribed or undertaken for One Sh>rein the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who cannot attend such stated General and General Special Meetings, shall have a Vote for every such Share, but not exceeding Six Shares in the whole, although possessed of more than Six Shares in the said Undertaking, by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, conftkuted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or the Hand of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to ail Incencs and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Person, and every Question, Matter, and Thing, which shall be proposed, di feu fled, or considered, in any dated General or any Special General Assembly of the said Company o! Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, computing One Vote to every Share: Provided, nevertheless, that no Person present shall vote for more than Six Shares, as aforesaid, the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following

Tru °ent^" 11 T one °^" £^c PrcPrjetors the Glefgow Waterworks,

ef'Proxies. " A do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint C.D. of

" to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Absence to vote or give my *4 Assent or Diflent to any Business, Matter, or Thing relating to the " said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any Assembly <c of the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in such Manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion " and Judgment, for the Benefit of the fame, or any Thing appertaining " thereto. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand, the Day of

Place of Ge-

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Meetings of the stated Ge-bUes1 A<rem* neral anc* special General Assemblies shall be held in the said City of Glasgow j and that at all and every of such stated General and special General Assemblies, the Parties composing them shall pay their own Expenees

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 13S.

fences, the hire of apy Room in which the Meetings shall be held only excepted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution shall be held ar Glasgow aforesaid, upon the Fifth Wednesday after the pa fling of this Act, ar the Hour of Twelve at Noon; and all future General Affcm-blies of the said Company, except such special General Afifemblies as hereinafter.mentioned, shall be held on the First Wednesday in the Month of May in every Year, at the Hour of Twelve at Noon; of all which General Assemblies Twenty-one Days previous Notice, at the lead, shall be given by public Advertisement in Two Newspapers, usually published at GlaJgoiVy and the said Company of Proprietors, at such respective General, or Special General Assemblies, shall, and may appoint a Chairman; and such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, bur, in C-tfe of an Equality of Votes, shall have the decisive or rafting Vote; and if, upon any Election of a Chairman, Two or more Persons shall be proposed to fill that Office, and shall have an equal Number of Votes, then the Persons so proposed shall draw Lots for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear, that, for the more cffrftually putting this Act into Execution, a Special Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be holden, it shall, and may be lawful, to and for any Ten of the said Proprietors, who may collectively be possessed of, or entitled to One Hundred Shares, at the lead, in the said Undertaking, or any Three of the C »m-mittee of Management, appointed as hereinafter mentioned, upon specifying the Purporr thereof, to require the Secretary of the said Company of Proprietors to call such Meeting; and the said Secretary shall thereupon convene such Meeting, by giving at leaf! Twenty-one Days Notice thereof, by Advertisement to be inferred in some Two Newspapers usually published in the said City of Glasgow, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall, at any General Meeting, direct of appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting such special Meeting, and the Time when, and Pjace where the same shall be holden; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice; and such of them as shall be present, Personally or by Proxy, shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers oy this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors with respect to the Matters io specified only; and all such Acts of the Proprietors, or of the major Part of them met rogether at such special Meeting, shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the lame had been done at any General Meeting.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the present Provost of the City of Glasgow} Gilbert Hamilton, John M'Caul, Kirkman Finlay, John lennent, Alexander Oj'wald, John Mair, James Spreully James Cleland, and James Hilly shall be Directors, or a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company, until the General Meeting to be holden on the First Wednesday in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, when Three of the said Committee, (to be determined by Ballot or otherwise,) shall go out of the Direction, and Three other Di-

\Loc, fcf Per.] 31 Z rectors.

2H4Q

Erpences.

first and other General 4ffetn-

Meetings of Proprietors may ne specially convened.

Committee of Manage-

pointed

2850

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

rectors, holding at lead Four Shares of the Stock of the said Company, shall be chosen in their Room, and at the General Meeting to be holden on the First Wednesday in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, Three others of the said Directors hereby appointed to be determined by Ballot or otherwise, shall, in like Manner, go out of the Direction, and Three other Directors holding at lead Four Shares, as aforesaid, shall !be chosen in their Room, and at the General Meeting to be holden on the First Wednesday in the Month of May One thousand tight hundred and nine, the remaining Three Directors, hereby appointed, shall in like M inner go out of the Direction, and Three others, holding at lead Four Shares as aforesaid, shall be chosen in their Room, and thereafter upon the First Wednesday in the Month of May in every Year Three of the said Directors, so chosen as aforesaid, shall go out by Rotation, and Three others shall be chosen in their Room, as aforesaid, the Three Directors chosen in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, first going our, and so Three others successively, in each Year thereafter, so that each Director shall go out at the first General Meeting, at the Expiration of Three Years after his Appointment: but any such Director so going our, may be re-elected; and such Persons so chosen as aforesaid, shall, with the Provost of the City of Glasgow, for the Time being, be Directors, or a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company: Provided always, That it there shall not be Nine Persons holding at lead Four Shares in the said Undertaking, the said Directors may be chosen from among Proprietors holding at lead Two Shares; but no Person holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contract under the said Company, shall be capable of being one of the said Commit ce, during the Time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, or Employment, or holding such Coniract: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any Special Meeting, to be convened in Manner herein directed, to remove any Member of the said Committee, and to nominate another Person, qualified as aforesaid, in the Room or Stead of every Member of the said Committee, who shall die, be so removed, refuse to act, or shall hold any Place, Office, Employment, or Contract, under the said Company, or shall ceate to be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, or shall become Bankrupt; and every Person so nominated by the said Special Meeting, shall have the like Power and Authority as if he had been nominated by the said Annual Meeting; but every Person so elected at such Special Meeting, shall go out of the Direction at the same Period at which the Perl'on in whose Room he was elected, would have gone out.

other Meet- And *c ^urt^cr enacted, That a General Meeting of such Com-

i, j.s of the mitree of Management shall be held for putting this Act in execution Ccsnmiitee. at Glasgow on the Second Thursday next after the passing of this Act and a like General Meeting of the Committee or Management shall afterwards be held Four Times in every Year for the future on the First Wednesday in the Months of February, May, August, and November, respectively, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon; and it shall be lawful for the Committee of Management to adjourn themselves from Time to Time as they shall think proper.

4.6° GEORGII III. Gap. 136. 2851

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Provost of the City of Glasgow, shall he Chairman of the said Committee, but in case of his Absence at tee in(Jm 1 any Meeting, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors to elect a Qjorum Chairman out of the Number then present, to preside at such Meeting; and that any Five or more Members of such Committee, but not left,

shall be a sufficient Number to constitute a Meeting for the Purpose of doing all the Acts, Matters, and Things, and exercising all the Powers and Authorities herrby directed to be done by, and veiled in such Committee; and that all Questions, Matters, and Things, which shall be proposed, difeuded, or considered by the said Committee at their Meetings, to be held in Manner aforesaid, shall be decided and determined by the Majority of Members then present; but no Member shall have more than One Vote at any such Meeting, save and except that in the Cafe of an equal Division, the Chairman shall always have a calling Vote; and if upon any Election of a Chairman as aforesaid. Two or more Persons shall be proposed to fill that Office, and shall have an equal Number of Votes then the Persons so proposed shall draw Lots for the fame: Provided always, that if on the Day appointed for any such Meeting of the Committee of Management as aforesaid, there shall not attend so many Members of such Committee as are hereby required to constitute a Meeting for exercising the Powers hereby veiled in such Committee, then and in such Case, and when and so often as the same shall happen, the Meeting shall be adjourned to that Day Fortnight by the Member or Members then present j or if no Member shall be present, by the Secretary to the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee of Management to appoint any of their Number less than Five as Committees for particular Purposes, for the better attending to and transacting the Business of the said Company, but subjrdt to the Approbation of a Quorum of the said Committee of Management.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Committee said Committee of Management, at any such General Meeting as afore- Df Managers laid, and they are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, mav appoin-. to nominate* and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a Treasurer, officers-and one or more Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and also a Secretary, Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, and such Engineers, Surveyors, and other Officers as the said Committee of Management shall think proper and expedient for the better carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, the said Committee always taking Security from every such Treasurer, Collector, or other Officer appointed to receive Money by virtue of this Act, for lodging the lame in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or other Bank to be appointed by the said Committee, as the same shall from lime to Time amount to Fifty Pounds; and the said Committee also taking good and sufficient Stcurity from the Treasurer, Collector, and other Officers who shall have the Care or Custody of any Money to Se_

be raised or received by virtue of this Act, for the faithful Discharge of curity from the Trulls reposed in them; and also, from Time to Time, to discharge those wno and dihnifs any such Treasurers, Secretaries, Clerks, Engineers, Survey- '* ors. Collectors, or other Officers, and appoint others in their Stead, as o^Money' there shall be Occasion; and that all such Treasurers, Secretaries, Clerks,

Engineers,

2852

Officers quitting; or discharged, and Exe> 11-tors of those dying, to de-

rup

Books, &c.

Committee to balance and settle Accounts

on the first of April,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

Engineers, Surveyors. Collegers, and other Officers of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall, at any Time, quit or be difmrffed from the Service of the said Company, and the respective Executors or Administrators of those who may happen to die, shall immediately thereupon produce and deliver up to the said Committee of Management, or to such person or Persons as they shall direff, all Books, Accounts, Writings, and Papers whatsoever, which shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurrrs, Secretaries, Engineers, Clerks, Surveyors, Colletftors, or other Officers, Executors, or Administrators respectively, in any wise relating to the said intended Undertaking; and the said Committee of Management shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to 'balance, or cause to be balanced, the Books of the said Company, upon the First Day of April in every Year, beginning on the First Day of April which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, and the fame, being so balanced, shall be examined, docqueted, and signed by a Quorum of the said Committee of Management within Three Weeks thereafter, and shall be produced at the General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, to be held upon the First Wednesday in the Month of May in every Year, so that any of the Proprietors attending the fame Meeting may have an Opportunity of inspecting the fame; and an Abstract of the said Balance {hewing the Situation of the Affairs of the said Company, shall be signed by the said Committee of Management, and shall be printed, and a Copy thereof shall be fenc to and left at the uiuai Place of Abode of each of the Proprietors of the said Company, residing in the said City of Glafgdib, or in the Vicinity thereof, and1 of the known Agents or Atcdrmes- of Proprietors residing abroad, or at a Distance from the said Chy of Glasgow, at least Eight Days previous to each* General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors in the Month of May, and the said Committee shall also on the said First Day of April in every Year, call for, audit, and settle all Accounts of Money received, paid, laid our, and disbursed, up to that Time, for or on account of the said Company of Proprietors, by the Treasurtrs, Colle<stor%, and other Officers, lo to be appointed as aforesaid, or by any other Person or Persons to be employed on Behalf of the said Company, in or about the said intended Undertaking: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Committee to call for, audit, and settle such Accounts, or any of them, oftener than once a Year, if they shall deem it proper and expedient so to do.

Provision for

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such a Sum as the said Contingent Committee of Management shall think, proper, not being less than Six fionoTpr^fits* thuu,anc* P°unds, shall be set apart out of the Profits to arise from the said r.o r . Undertaking- to answer Contingencies, before any Dividend shall be made among the said Proprietors of any Part of the said Profits, and such Sum, lo fee apart, shall be lodged in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or be invested in Government Securities, or lent ouc at interest upon real Security, to be approved of by the said Committee of Management, and the Dividends or Incereft thereof, as well as the yearly Profits to arise from the said Undertaking, so soon as such Sum shall have been let apart as aforesaid, shall be divided among the ieverai Proprietors of the said Company, according to the Shares which they levcrJly hold in the said Undertaking: But if, from any Accident which may happen to the said Undertaking, the said Sum of Mo- - _ - ney.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136. 2853

ney, so set apart, shall be required to repair the fame, no Dividend shall be made of the Profits to arise from the said Undertaking, until another Sum not less than Six thousand Pounds shall be set apart as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be Committee lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, at any of their General of Account* Assemblies, to be holden pursuant to this Act, to appoint Three or more Proprietors of the said Undertaking, not being of the Committee of p Management, as a Committee of Accounts, to examine all Accounts of Money received, paid, laid out, and disbursed, for, or on account of the said Company of Proprietors, and to make a Report thereupon to the next General Assembly of the said Proprietors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings as aforesaid, to make such Call or Calls for Money, from the several Subscribers to, and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in order to defray the Expences of, or carrying on the fame, as they shall from Time to Time find wanting and necessary for rhofc Purposes; so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for or in respect of every Share in the said Undertaking; and so that no such Calls be made, but at the Distance of Three Calendar Months at lead from each other, and so that Twenty-one Days Notice at lead shall be given of every such Call, by Advertisement in some Newspaper usually published in the said City of Glasgow, all which Money, so to be called for as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, to be issued, paid, and applied, for carrying on the said Undertaking, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management shall from Time to Time order and direct j and that the said Committee of Management shall also have full Power and Authority, at every such Meeting as aforesaid, on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, to contract for and purchase all such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, and all such Materials and other Things as shall or may be wanted for the said Undertaking, and the Works hereby authorized to be made, and to treat and agree with any Person whomsoever, touching the Compensation to be made for any Damages to be done in the Exercise of the Powers hereby given, and to enter into, and make such Contrafts and Agreements, with any Contractors, Agents, Workmen, Servants, or other Persons, in and about, or for the carrying on of the said Undertaking and Works, or any Part thereof, as shall be thought expedient, and to enter into, and make all such other Contrafts, Bargains, and Agreements, whatsoever, touching or in any wise concerning the said Undertaking, as they shall think proper j and to order and direct how the several Works shall trom Time to Time be carried on, and generally to direct and manage, all and singular the Affairs and Business of the said Company of Proprietors, and to do, execute, and perform, all Acts, Matters, and Things, which the said Company are by this Act authorized and empowered to do j save and except such only as are hereby expressly directed to be done by the Proprietors at large, at any Meeting or Meetings of such Proprietors to be held as herein-before and hereinafter mentioned.

Committee of Management may make call* for Money.

May contract for and purchase Land*,

And may generally manage the Bu-

fine/s of the Company.

[Lee. Of Per.]

32 A

2«S4 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

be answerable for O minions.

ColJ',mttee XVI, Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Committee of ment nowo Management shall not be answerable for Mistakes or Omission', nor for the Sufficiency or Responsibility of any Security, or Securities, to be taken under the Authority of this Act, nor for Receipts, Acts, or Commissions of the Treasurer, Secretary, or any Clerk, Agent, or Servant of the said Company, nor any one of the said Committee for the others, but each of them for his own Receipts, Acts, and Omissions only.

»°eo«rtheir

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management Proceeding!. cmer> or cause to be entered into Books, to be provided for that Purpose at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, a full and true Account of all Money disbursed, and Payments made by such Committee, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all Monies that shall be paid to or received by them rc-speflively for or on account of the said Company of Proprietors, and also a full and true Account, or proper Notes and Minutes, of every Contract, Bargain, and Agreement, which shall be entered into by them respectively for or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and of all and Angular their respective Orders, Transactions, and Proceedings whatsoever, in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company i but that no Money shall be issued or paid by the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors for or on account of the said Com-by Treasurer pany, otherwise than in such Manner as shall be directed by the Com-without an mittee of Management at some General or Adjourned Meeting, as-Committee. aforesaid; and every such Book, and all other Books, Papers, and Writings, belonging to the said Company of Proprietors shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of all the said Proprietors, who may take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom without Fee or Reward.

Money not to be issued

Committee of Management may make Bye Laws.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall also have full Power and Authority from Time to Time at any such Meeting, as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, and for regulating the Proceedings of the said Committee of Management, and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to be employed in and about the Affairs or Business of the said Company of Proprietors, and for the well and orderly using of the said intended Undertaking, and the Reservoirs, Pipes, or Aquedufls, and Works, thereto belonging, and for the orderly Behaviour of all Watermen and other Persons who shall be employed in or about the said Undertaking, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking in all Respefls whatsoever, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, as to the said Committee of Management shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, so to be made, as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed by the said Committee of Management, shall be binding upon and be observed by all Persons using or in any wise concerned in the said Undertaking*

4-6° GEORGII III. Gap. 136. 2855

ing, and shall be diffident in any Court of Law, or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame: Provided that such Rules,

Orders, and Bye Laws, be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act; and provided that Copies of such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or of such of them as shall concern or relate to the using of the said intended Undertaking, and the Reservoirs, Pipes, aqueducts, and Works belonging thereto, or to the Conduit and Behaviour of Watermen, Officers, Servants, or other Persons employed in or about the said Undertaking, or of the Persons receiving Water therefrom, shall first have been approved of at some General Assembly of the said Proprietors, and shall be written or printed in large Characters, and be fixed and continued in some conspicuous Place or Places at the said Reservoirs, and where the Business of the said Undertaking shall be transacted.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person or Persons Bye-Lawi thinking himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Order or Judg- subject to ment made or given in pursuance of any such Rule, Order, or Bye-Law, Appeal, mav within Three Calendar Months next after any such Order, Judgment,

or Determination, shall have been made or given, (first giving Twenty-one Days Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint is intended to be made,) complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions, to be held in and for the said County of Lanark, who shall in a summary Way, either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper, may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the said County; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Order, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable, and the Determination of such Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions,'

shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,

XX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear Committee to the Committee of Management to be necessary or expedient to call a of Manage-special Meeting of the Proprietors at large for the more effectually put- dal ting this Act in Execution, or in order to take their Opinion respecting Meeting, of any Matter or Thing to be done in or about the said Undertaking, it Proprietor, shall be lawful for the said Committee of Management, pursuant to an ' lar£'-Order or Resolution for that Purpose t;o be made at any Meeting of the fame Committee, to call a special Meeting of the Proprietors at large, by public Advertisement in some Two Newspapers published in the said City of Glajgaw, specifying in such Advertisement the Cause of calling such special Meeting, and the Time and Place when and where the same shall be held, the Time being not less than Twenty-one Days after such Notice shall be given; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and required to meet pursuant to such Notice, and to take into Consideration the Matters to be submitted to them by the said Committee of Management, and specified in such Notice; and the Decision and Determination of the Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major

Part

2856 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give, either as Principals or Proxies, respecting such Matters, shall be binding and conclusive upon the Rest- of the Proprietors to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be observed and atfted upon accordingly.

Proprietors

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Proprietor of any Share or to pay their Shares in the said Undertaking, shall, from Time to Time, pay his or her MoneS called ProPort>on the Money so to be called for, as herein-before is mentioned, for at che into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company, at such Time and Place ap. Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Committee of Ma-fomted. nagement making such Call, and of which such Notice shall be given as herein-before is directed; and that if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place which shall be appointed for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the fame, with Interest, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum> from the Time appointed for the Payment thereof, in any competent Court in Scotland, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin re-And if First spectively, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe; and in case any such Per-fWereTin*0" *on or ^cr*ons shall negk£t or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportion-Six Months a^e ^art of the Money so first to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space Shares to be of Six Calendar Months after the Time to be appointed for Payment forfeited. thereof as aforesaid, and the same shall not have been sued for by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, or if sued for shall not have been recovered by them, then and in such Case the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Parr, and Interest whatsoever in the said Undertaking, and all Profit and Advantage thereof-, and all Shares that shall or may be so forfeited, shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors in Trust for, and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall, at the Discretion of the Committee of Management of the said Company of Proprietors, be sold by th6 said other Proprietors, by public Auction, for the mod Money that can be gotten for the fame, and the Produce thereof shall be divided amongst them in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the - p said Undertaking; and in the Event that any Person or Persons paying any such First Call as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money to be thereafter called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Time to be appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and the same shall not be sued for by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, or if sued for shall not be recovered by them, then, and in such Case, the Share or Sharks shall and may be sold by the said Company of Proprietors, or their^orfifnittee of Management, by public Auction, for the highest and belt Price or Prices that can be got for the fame j every such Sale being advertised at lead once a Week for Three Weeks successively, in some one or more of the Newspapers published in Glasgow; and the said Company of Proprietors, or Committee of Management, rendering an Account of every such Sale or Sales to every such Person or Persons, when demanded, and paying to every such Person or Persons any Overplus of such Price or Prices, after deducting Charges, and such further proportionable Sum or Sums of Money which may remain due upon such Share or

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136. 5857

or Shares by such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in Actions brought by the said During the Company against any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and pay- for calls, able ro the said Company for or by Reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount unto, for such and so many Call or Calls, of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be), whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without letting forth the special Matter; and in such Action it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls was or were Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in Faffc made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Act, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, or any other Matters whatsoever} and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Sum of Fifty Pounds, or was made within the Distan.ee of Three Calendar Months from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid j and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be flayed by reason of any Appeal against any such Judgment in any competent Court of Law in Scotland, or any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company, by Recognizance to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Appeal or Writ of Error with Effect, and also if the said Judgment be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-profled,to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Costs, adjudged by the said Judgement, and all Costsand Damages to be awarded for delay of Execution.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Shares may Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their, respective Execu- be

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares, to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyances of which Shares may be in the Form, or to the Effedfc following: videlicet,

I A.B. of in Confederation of Form of

" Jk paid to me by C.D. of Conveyance-

" do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer, to the said C. D,

" the Sum of Capital Stock,

" of and in the Glasgoty Water Works, being One Share [or so many

[Loi. Per.] B ‘‘ Shares

2858 46° GEORGII ill. Cap. 136.

N Shares as the Case may be] in the said Undertaking, to hold to the said " C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the

" same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions tc that I held the fame, immediately before the Execution hereof: And " I, the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital " Stock, or Share,

" subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As " witness our Hands and Seals the Day

of of

And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company,of Proprietors, shall have entered, in a proper Book or Books to be kept for thac Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have testifiedor indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and six Pence shall be paid j and the said Clerk or Clerks is or are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered, as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares, paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

Persons fell-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money ing Shares shall have been made by such Committee as aforesaid, every Person, and after a Call, aj) Persons, felling or transferring any Share or Shares, which he. Hie, or f° r* hfMi the Y fa»d Undertaking, shall, as well as the Person or

or uc a Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall be fold, be liable in the Payment of every such Call, in the Manner directed by this Adf, unless such Person or Persons, so felling or transferring shall, at the Time

of such Sale or Transfer, have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold and transferred.

Names of

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Manage-Proprietors ment shall, and they are hereby required, to causethe Names and Design-to be entered, ations of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Shares in the said Un-cates^oVtheir dertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and also the proper Number Shares deli- by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and diltindly vered to entered in a Book to be kept by their Secretary, and after such Entry, to

them. cause the same to be signed by their Chairman j and they Hull also cause

a Certificate, so signed by the Chairman and Secretary, to be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifyin^ the Share or Shares to

which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking; and such Certificate

shall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to

the Share or Shares therein specifiedj but the "Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof.

4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 136. 5859

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all and everv Person and Persons whose Names shall atany Time. ,ng and c02 hereafter (land in the said Register Book, or Lift of Proprietors of the said vering Calls, Company, either as a Proprietor or Proprietors of One or more Share or fel[ons. Shares in the said Undertaking, whether as Subscribers, or as Successors, "landing* Executors, Adrriinistrators, or Assignees, of Subscribers, shall bp deemed in the Com-and taken to be the Proprietors of the fev^ral Share* (landing inrhejitd pany’a Books Book in their respective N&mes^ and shall be subje#: and liable to^the as Propr,‘ Payment of all and every Call and Calls made and to be made thereon, kerned and to all Actions, Suits, Forfeitures, and Penalties to which original Pro-’ the act ial prietors of Shares in the said Undertaking are made subject and JijMe by' Proprietory, this Act; and that all Notices hereby required to be given previous to the Forfeiture of Shares to the Proprietors thereof, shall if given to the Persons appearing by the Laid Register Book of the said Company to be such Proprietor or Proprietors or their Representativ^s, or le(t at his, her, or their last or most usual Place of Abode, be in all Respefls good, sufficient, and conclusive; and all Payments of Interestand Dividends, due and to grow due on any such Shares, shall be made ro such Prrf ns as by the said Book of the said Company shall so appear to he Proprietors thereof; and that no Alignment, Transfer, Bargain, or Sale, of any Share or Shares, or other Instrument giving Title' to any such Share or Shares which shall not have been enrolled of registered as directed by this Act, shall be admitted as Evidence, either to defeat any Attion or Suit brought or to be brought by the said Company of Proprietors to recover the said Calls, or to entitle any Person or Persons to recover any Share or Shares forfeited to the Company of Proprietors, or to make the said Company of Proprietors liable to the Payment of Dividends to any other Pe.son than such as appear upon the said Book to be Proprietors of the said Shares, but that in all such Cases the said Book shall be c'iifidered as sufficienc arid conclusive Evidence of the Proprie-torfhipof the said Shares.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Power to Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered to raise and con- ^d^onve^ vey Water from the said River of Clyde into a Reservoir or Reservoirs to ?n-nCp^ve|^ be formed in the said Lands of Dalmarnock, purchased from the said John Clarke, as aforesaid, and to convey the Water from the said Reservoir or Reservoirs in Pipes under Ground through the Lands belonging to the aforesaid John Buchanan, Archibald Grahame, and Robert Scott, and under the Road from Camlachie to Glasgow and Sidney-Street, into a R< fervoir or Reservoirs to be formed in the said Lands of Middle and New Gatlomuiry purchased from the Lid Robert Marshall, as aforesaid, and to purchase and procure, with the Consent of the P oprietors thereof, all the Ground which may be necessary for the Construction of another Reservoir or other Reservoirs, and convey and distribute Water from every such Reservoir or Reservoirs in Pipes through the City and Suburbs of Gldjgow to the Houses of the Inhabitants thereof, agreeing with the said Company of Proprietors 10 be supplied dfith such Water, and to purchase all Grounds ne-celTary fur making any such Reservoir or Reservoirs, and to erect Steam Engines, lay Pipes, make and construct such other Works, Buildings, arid Erections, and other Conveniences, and to do every other Matter and Thing necessary for the conveying Water from the said River Clyde at the aforesaid Lands of DaUrutfnock for supplying the said City and Suburbs of-

Glasgow t

2860

4-3

0 GEORGII Hi.

Cap. 136.

citfgbzo therewith j and for the Purposes aforesaid the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon all lands and Grounds, Highways, Roads, Paflfages, Streets, and Places, belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, which the said Company of Proprietors shall think necessary for conveying Water from the said River Clyde to the said City and Suburbs of Glasgow, as aforesaid, and to set out such Parts thereof as shall be necelBry and proper for making the said Reservoirs, laying the said Pipes, and for constructing such Works and other Conveniences aforesaid, and also from Time to Time to open, scour, cleanse, repair, and maintain, such Reservoirs, Pipes, Works, and Conveniences, and for the Purposes aforesaid to bore, dig, cut, trench; sough,get, remove, take, carry away, and lay Earth, Clay, Stones, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making such llcfervoirs, laying such Pipes, or in constructing such Works and Conveniences, or which may hinder, obstruct, or prevent, the making, laying, or constructing the fame, or the using, completing, and maintaining the fame, and to use, exercise, and employ, all necessary Ways and Means for conveying and bringing a sufficient Supply of Water from the said River Clyde to the said City and Suburbs for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, and from Time to Time to repair, maintain, support, and continue the fame according to the Tenor, and Effedi, and true Intent and Meaning hereof, and also to make, maintain, repair, and ^lter any Fences, Passages, Bridges, or Arches which may be uecessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, and from Time to Time to make, coqftrudt, and erect, and to repair and maintain any Steam Engine, Citterns, Ponds, Basons, Main Pipes, Rider Pipes, Hand Pipes, Stand Pipes, Service Pipes, Branches of Lead, and other Metal Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Cocks in common. Stock Cocks, Valves, Fire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks, Bores, Mains, Ferriers, Feeders, Fairipers, Drains, Pumps, Sluices, and other Works and Devices, as they shall think proper, and for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, to break up and remove the Soil, Potts, Kirbs, Bulk-heads, Bars, Sewers, Drains, Pavements, and gravelled, and other Ways, of any of the present and future Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, Alleys, public Courts, Footways, public Quays, Closes, and public Places, and to enter into any private Lands or Grounds, within the said City and Parts adjacent, and to dig and (ink Trenches, and lay Pipes, and put Stop Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Fire Cocks, Fire Plugs, and Branches* from such Pipes in such Places, for the laying and fixing such Pipes, and all such other Matters and Things, in such Places and in such Manner as they shall judge necessary for distributing and conveying such Water to the respective Houses, Offices, and other Tenements of the said Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and for that Purpose to erect standard or upright Pipes, on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or Building, to supply any Inhabitant of any of the Stories or Floors thereof with Water, and to build up or surround the fame with a Covering of Timber, Scone, or Brickwork, or other Building for preserving the fame: Provided the Lid Company do not (top up any Window, or Light of any Proprietor* without his Consent, by the said Upright Pipes, or Buddings for preserving the fame, and from Time to Time as Occasion may require to alter the Postion of, and to repair, relay, and maintain, such

Pipes,

2861

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

Pipes, Stop Cocks, and Air Plugs, and Machinery, and ro do all other A£l$, Matters, and Things, which shall from Time to Time be neccf* fary or proper for completing and amending, repairing and improving, and for using the Works authorized by this Act ro be done, and provided for the Purposf-s, and according to the rrue Inrent and Meaning hereof; they, the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be, in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and the said Company of Proprietors making Satisfaction in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, to the Owners and Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in, the Lands,

Tenements, and Heritages, respectively which shall be ul'ed for the Purposes of this Act, or injured in Value by Means of the Powrrs hereby granted, or which shall be by them sustained, by- reason of all or any of the Powers of this Act, and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and alt other Persons whomsoever*, for what thry or any of them shall do by virtue hereof, subjfft, neverthelessj to such Provisions and Rcflfiftions as are hereinafter contained.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further ehf'sted, That the Quantity of Water so to be raised and conveyed as aforesaid, shall not at any Time or Times be so great as to lessen the Depth of the said River Clyde more than orte perpendicutar Inch from its Surface throughout the Extent thereof in any P.irt of the said River, and that for the purpose of ascertaining the Quantity of Water so to be raised and conveyed as aforesaid, a proper Index, or Water Gauge, shall be erefled under the Direction of the Sheriff of the said County of Lanark, and continued in the said River Clyde by the said Company of Proprietors, to which Gu3ge Access shall at all Times be given to every Proprietor and Occupier of Land on the Banks of the said River, and every Person interested in the Navigation thereof; and whenever it shall appear by means of the said Index or Water Gauge, that the Water in the said River Clyde shall have been lowered more than one Inch from the Surface thereof, by reason of the Water so raised and conveyed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Proprietor or Occupier or Person to apply to the said Sheriff by a summary Application to prevent the raising and conveying of Water as aforesaid, so as to JefTen the Depth of Water more than one Inch in the said River as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, That the Furnace of every Steam Engine steam En-

to be erefled by the said Company of Proprietors shall be conflrufled upon gine» to be the Principle of confirming its own Smoke. loconftrudted

XXX. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Places where the ownVmoko. said Reservoirs, in the Lands of Dalmanwck and Middle and NeivGallomuir, p)an Qf ,he are intended to be made, and the Line of the Pipes through which the Reservoira, Water will Bow to such Reservoirs, hath been depofired with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Lanark; be it erTafled, that such Map or Plan shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, or his Deputy; and all Persons interested therein shall, at all Tcasonable Times, have Liberty to inspefl and peruse the f me, and take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof, paving the Sum of One Shilling to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for every such Inspec-\Lcc. fc? PerJ] 3 a C tion;

a; to the Water to be

2862

Course of the Pipes.

Houses already erected and Garden Ground not to be injured.

Public Sewers and Drains not to be touched until Notice

46° GEORGII IH. Cap. 136.

tion; and that the Did Company shall nor, in making the said Reservoiri, or in laying the said Pipes, for the Conveyance of the said Water from the said River Clyde of Glasgow, deviate more than Twenty Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Scite of the said Reservoirs, or the Line and Course of the said Pipes, described in the said Map and Plan, unless the same shall be built upon in Manner hereinafter directed, without the Cojj-sent and Approbation, in Writing, of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made. ... n

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Course of the said Pipes shall proceed in a Northerly Direction from the North East Corner of the Ground of Dalmarnock, purchased from the said John Clarks as aforesaid, to at lead Ten Feet of the Point marked B on the said Map or Plan in the Course of the said Pipes, which IJoint is on the East March of the said Lands of Dalmarnock, belonging to John Buchanan Esquire, of Ardoch, and is about the Distance of Five hundred and twenty-seven Feet from the Road leading from Springbank to Dalmarnock; apd dje Course of the said Pipes shall then proceed at no greater Distance than Ten Feet from the said East March until it comes to, thq Ppint marked A, which is at the Distance of One thousand one hundred and fifey-niup Feet, or thereabouts, from the North East Corner of the said John Buchanan's March, when the Course of the said Pipes shall take a Northerly Direction to the Laods of Barrozvfield, as described in the said Map or Plan.; end the Course of the said Pipes, when so laid down, shall not be altered uqtil the Proprietor of the said Lands shall nocjfy to the said Company of Proprietors that he intends to erect Buildings in the , Cour(e /of the said Line of Pipes in the Manner authorized by this Act; sail provided that no Air Cocks, or any Building, Machinery,.or Erection whatever, shall be made or set up by the said Company of Proprietors cin the Lands belonging to the said John Buchanan of 'yfrfpcb jtfyfpf J>|» express Consent, in Writing, first had and obtained thereto; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing hereto contained shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons ,acting by and under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage in the making the said Reservoirs, or for the laying the said Pipes, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building which was erected or built on or before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which, on or before the passing of this Act was set apart and used as or for a Yard, Park, Paddock, Garden, planted Walk, or Avenue to.a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being: Provided always, That the said Company of Proprietors shall not be restrained from erecting Standard or Upright Pipes on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or- Building, to supply any Inhabitant of any Story or F'loor thereof, with Water in the Manner herein-before directed.

XXXIII. Providedalfo, andbeitenadled, Thatitlhallnotbe lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to alter or change the Courfeand Direction of, or to touch in any Manner whatsoever, the present or future public Streets, Sewers and Drains in the said City of Glasgow, until after Seven

. _ ..if11J'S’

46° GEORGII '.mi. Cap. 136.

Days’ Notice in Writing, shall have been given to the Lord Provost and the Magistrates of the said City for the Time being, or'Iefrdtthe Tortn CleiVs Office in the said City; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall, as soon as conveniently may be, replace and make good all such Streets, Sewers, and Drairisis it1 may be<’necessary to take up or to injure in executing any of the Powers of this Act.

XXXIV. And whereas, from the Vapid Increase of the Population of the said City and‘Suburbs of Glasgow^ new Streets are continually laying out for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants; be it therefore enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any Person or Periods, Bodies Politic or Corporate, whatever, from laying out new Streets, and erecting new Buildings, upon Lands, through Part or Parts of which Water may be conveyed under the Authority of this Act j but that every Proprietor and Owner through or upon whose Property any of the Pi^Vs hereby authorized to be I4id or conftro&ecJ shall be placed, shall and may, after Six Calendar Months' previous Notice, in Writing, to be-by them respectively given to the Treasurer or Secretary, for the Time being, of the said Compatiy,of Pro* prietors, in order that such Company may have full Time and Opportunity to alter and change the Courl'e of the fame, be at full Lihcoty to proceed 'inlaying Out such new'Streets, and cre&Sng such new Buildings: Provided that by such Removal or Alteration of the Line of the said Pipes the said Company of Proprietors shall not thereby be prevented from supplying the said Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs with Water, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprie*-tors shall, and do make or tender Satisfaction to the Owners, and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be required for any of the Purposes of this Act, before they shall in anywise make Use of the fame, and also for any other Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be damaged in the Execution, or by virtue of any of the Powers aforesaid, for the ‘Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Heritages, so to be taken, used, or damaged; and in Case the Parties shall not agree touching the Amount of such Satisfaction within the Space of Twenty Days, after Application shall have been made for that Purpose, by or on Behalf of the said Corn-many of Proprietors, to the respective Owners and Occupiers ofj and Persons interested as aforesaid, then, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be awarded by a Jury of Fifteen Persons, summoned and chosen by the Sheriff, of any of the said Counties within which such Lands or Houses shall be situated, in such Manner as Juries are summoned and chosen by'Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, whose Determination is hereby declared to be final, without being subject to SuC-pension, Advocation, or Reduction j and in the Event that such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Company shall have offered,

'but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Company, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier, or Occupiers, equally } but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater i !J Sum,

given to the

Magistrates of Glasgow.

Proprietors not prevented from building.

t»n J

Satisfaction to be made.

2864

Bodies Politic empowered to (ell and convey Lands.

Contracts and Sales to be made at

the Expence of the Company.

Application of Compen-fatiun Money whenexceeding 200l.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. jj6.

Sum, the whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Company t and, on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the Company, or a less Sum, the whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Company, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Company: Provided also, that, after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of the Land or Houses, such Sum as the said Company shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses for the Purposes of this Act, and no Stop shall in the mean Time be pur to the Operations of the said Company, on pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, 7'hat it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, snd Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their cestuique T rusts, whether Infants, I due unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, who are or shall be fcifed, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or intirled to Will, or other Interest therein, and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be, seized, possessed of, or interrfted in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, and convey, the fame and every Part thereof unto the said Company of Proprietors, and aJi Bj-dies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever, so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for w hat they shall respectively do in relation to any such Sale, which he, (he, they, or any of them, shall make by virtue, and in pursuance of this Act; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, and such of them as shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, to the said Cotn>-pany of Proprietors, shall be made according to the Forms and Customs prescribed by the Laws of Scotland.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, taken, or ul'ed by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session be with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been intitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Parchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances,

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 136. 2865

'cumbrances, or Parr thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affirming the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the likeUfes, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and id the Tame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, (lood settled, or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking hffc£t; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Intercrtor Annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for she Time bein'* have been intitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVI n. Providrd always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- If under neyfoagretd or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages and purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to above20^ any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, nd shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time bring intitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, ro be signified in writing, under their re-(pediive Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied, in Manner herein-before directedj or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Committee of Management (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied irt any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such where under Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be i3/. Sterling. Ids than Twcnry Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands* Tenements, or Heritages, so purchased, taken, or uled, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, memo his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and ror the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

32!)

2866

In case of not making out Titles,

or if Persons cannot be found. Purchase Money to be paid into the £ank.

In case of questionable Title, Poflef

deemed to have a Title until the contrary shall be shewn.

Expences of Purchases jjuy be al-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase at Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Company of Proprietors, or in case such. Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank oi.Sect-laridyto the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenement?, or Heritages, (describing the m,) subject to the Order, Controuh and Dif-pofirion of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Coure shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Eft aces, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and for whose Use, the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, under the Direction, and by the Authority of the Court of Session, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Rents or Profits thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the $a-tisfadion of the said Court j and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages to be purchased with such Money, and also the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so purchased, shall be paid, applied, and difpufed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that feme other Person or Persons was or v.ere lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or tofome Estate or Interest therein.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpor2-

t,r;A J: ,^OF>

T

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136. 2867

tion, ratified to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased lowed by tbs

under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall *0-tu

be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Linds, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the

like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court

shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors,

who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purchases as the said Court shall direct.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Inhabitants of the For convey-said Ci'V and Suburbs of Glasgozv as shall be desirous of having the Water j.nE *ter laid into their Houses or Offices, may and are hereby authorised and Company’s empowered, at their own Expence (having first obtained the Consent in pipes to the Writing, under the Hand of such Person as shall be authorised by the Houses of said Committee of Management to give such Consent,) to open the Inhlbhants. Ground between the Pipes belonging to the said Company, and the respective Houses, Brewhouses, Manufactories, or Offices of such Inhabitants, and to lav Leaden or other Pipes (the Bore thereof to be ascertained by the said Company,) from such respective Houses, Brewhouses, ManU-factories, or Offices, to communicate with the Pipes belonging to the said Company, in any Road, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place within the said City and Suburbs of Glasgov.such respective Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs of Glasgozv, and Places adjacent, making Sacisfaction in the Manner directed by this Act, to the Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements or Heritages, which shall or may be injured by such Inhabitants, and also paying to the said Company of Proprietors, yearly, quarterly, or monthly, such Sum or Sums of Money for such Water, as shall be-tnucually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed to be paid as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to cause the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating with any main Pipe or Pipes belonging to the said Company, to be separated from the said Pipe or Pipes with which the same shall so communicate, and to cause the Water to be (lopped from issuing or running into the House, Office, Work, or Manufactory, of every Person making such Default, and that the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due and in Ar-rrar from such Person or Persons to the said Company of Proprietors, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the fame, in the same Manner as Rents payable by any Lease may by Law be recovered; and if any Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any main Pipe, or other Pipe, belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, without such Consent being obtained, as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.the Sum of Twency Shillings for every Day such Pipe shall so remain: Provided always chat such Inhabitants of the City of Glasgow as shall have laid Leaden Pipes, as aforesaid, shall be at liberty to remove and take away the lame, and the Cocks thereto belonging.

2868 ^ GEORGII Hi. Cap. 136

H^under*

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Inhabit-this Act not ant City of Glasgow, or any other Person or Persons whomsoe-

to supply ver,supplied with Water, by virtue of this Act shall supply any other Inhabi-other Perfom tant thereof, or any other Person whatsoever, with any Part of such Wa-with Water, ter< thatjn every such Case, every Person, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and it shall also be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit, also to take off the Water from the House or Office of any Person so offending* for every such Offence.

Except in

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing certainCafes. herein contained shall extend to subject any Person or Persons uhomsoever, supplied with Water by virtue of this Act, to any Penalty or Forfeiture for supplying any other Person or Persons, also supplied with Warer by virtue of this Act, with any Quantity of such Water during such Time that the Pipes or Cocks of such last-mentioned Person shall or may happen to be out of Repair, such Pipes or Cocks nevertheless being repaired as soon as possible after any Damage shall happen thereto.

Ball Cocks to

XLVI. And be it enacted, That every Person or Persons contracting with *be Cifle1<Jed Company of Proprietors for the Supply of W'ater, shall in every sn erns. ^Yatcr gutt> Cittern, or Receptacle for Water, to be provided by the said Parties so contracting with the said Company, attach and fix a Bill Cock to the Pipe conveying Water front the Pipes belonging to the said Company, into such Butt, Cittern, or other Receptacle, and to repair and renew the same as often as shall be necessary, in order to prevent the Water running to watte, when such Butt, Cittern, or other Receptacle, shall be full; and such Person or Persons neglecting to attach and fix, or to repair and renew such Ball Cock, shall forfeit to the said Company of proprietors, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Offence, and the authorised Servant or Servants of the Company shall have free Access (at all fcasonable Times) to the Premises so to be supplied as aforesaid, to fee that such Ball Cocks are kept in proper and sufficient Repair and Condition.

Rabbi so to

XLVII. Provided always, rnd be it further enacted, That any Ground be removed^ which shall or may be opened or broken up for laying, taking up, or repairing any Pipe, by virtue of this Act, shall, by the said Company and Occupiers respectively, be filled in, and the Rubbish occasioned thereby carried away, as soon as conveniently may be; and, in the mean Time, shall be fenced or guarded, so as that the fame may not be dangerous to PafTen-gersj and that Notice, in Writing, shall be given by such Company and Occupiers respectively, immediately upon the breaking up of any Ground as aforesaid, to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the said City for the Time being, or left at the Town Clerk’s Office, in the said City, or to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, as the Case may be, in order that the Pavement and Ground, and all Things that shall have been removed, shall be made good at the Sight of the said Lord Provost and Magistrates, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, respectively, by the said Company or Person or Persons with whom the said Company shall have agreed as aforesaid, within Seven Days after any such Pipe shall have been laid or repaired as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for each Day thereafter that

46° GEORGII Iff. Cap. 136.

2869

the said Pavement and Ground, and other Things shall not be made good as aforesaid, to be applied to the life- of the Poor of the City of Glasgow aforesaid) and to be sued for, recovered, and levied by the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the said City, by the fame Ways and Means as are in this Act directed in the Cafe of other Penalties, and in the Event that the said Pavement and Ground, and all Things that shall have been fa removed, shall not have been made good within Seven Days as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Provost and Magistrates or the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, as the Case may be, to order and direct such Pavement and Ground, and all Things which shall have been so removed as aforesaid, to be made good at the Expence of the said Company, or Person or Persons with whom they shall have agreed as aforesaid, and to sue for and recover such Expence by the fame Ways and Means by which any Penalty may be sued for and recovered by virtue of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or Perialty for maliciously hinder or interrupt the said Company of Proprietors, or their te"upting Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, in doing and or men" performing any of the Works, or in exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure the same to be done, every Person, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the proper Person or Persons by them authorised in that Behalf, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds j and also the full Amount of the Damage which shall be sustained by such Hindrance or Interruption, such Damage to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty of Forfeiture can or may, by virtue of this Act, be recovered.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or penaJtJ, for maliciously break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Works to be erec- injuring the tedand made by virtue of this Act, or destroy, damage, or injureany Engine, Work*. Waterhouse, Reservoir, Pipe, Plug,or other Matter or Thing which shall be made, provided, or procured for the Purposes of this Act, or any of the Materials used or provided for the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and also the full Amount of the Damage which shall be recovered, in like Manner as the said Penalty is hereby authorised to be recovered*

L. And in order to preserve the Water to be conveyed into the said Penaj for City and Suburbs of Glasgow pure and wholesome, be it enacted, Thac injuring the no Person shall bathe in any of the said Reservoirs or Basons, or wash Water, any Dogs or other Animals therein, or caff, throw, or put any Dog or Cat, or other Filth, Dirt, or any noisome or offensive Thing, or wash or clean any Cloth, or any Wool, Cotton, Linen, Leather, or any noisome or offensive Thing, in any of the said Reservoirs or Basons, or suffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain to run or be conveyed into the fame, or into any of the said Pipes, or cause any other Annoyance to be done 10 the said Water thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Company pt Proprietors, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

[Lot* £s? Per.]

32 E

2870

Water may be used for extingoiih-ing tire.

Property of the Undertaking vested in the Proprietors.

Recovery of Penalties.

To compel Payment of Subscriptions.

If Act not

Execution in Five Years, then to cease and determine.

46 " GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Persons whatsoever, at all Times, to use and employ the Water which shall so as aforesaid be contained in the said Pipes, in the extinguishing of any Fire or Fires which may happen to any House or Building within the said City and Suburbs, without making any Compensation or Satisfaction for the same to the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever; and that proper Fire-plugs with painted Directions or Marks on the Houses and Buildings in the said City and Suburbs, shall be provided at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, the Number and Situations of which shall be fixed by Persons severally appointed by the Mailer of the Works of the City of Glqfgow for the Time being, and the said Company of Proprietors.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in the find Undertaking, and the Profits arising therefrom, after deducting the Money laid out in obtaining and passing this Act, and of making the different Surveys and Plans of the fame, and of the Lands and Grounds through which the fame is intended to be carried as aforesaid, and making and constructing the Works authorised by this Act, and all other incidental Costs, Charges, and Expences whatsoever, touching or concerning the same in anywise howlotver, which shall be respectively borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, is and are hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors, and they shall severally and respectively be intitled thereto, in such Shares and Proportions, and in the Manner prescribed by this Act.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures authorised to be sued for, levied and recovered by this Act, shall and may be sued for, levied, and recovered by the said Company of Proprietors, in the fame Way and Manner as Debts are sued for, levied, and recovered by the Law of Scotland.

LIV. And be it enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed or who shall hereafter subscribe any Money for and towards making and completing the said Undertaking, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Parts or Portions thereof as shall, from Time to Time, be called for by the said Committee of Management, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places as Iliad be directed by the said Committee, in Manner beforementioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at che Time, and in the Manner required for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to lue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall not have brought a Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs of Glasgow, in the Manner directed by this Act, within the Space of Five Years next after the passing thereof, then this Act, and the several Powers and Authorities hereby granted, shall ceaic and determine.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 136, 2871

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public Act, taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

:.A v

-: S i- 1

- r '

5 *t

r, ->

<uak ‘ ‘,i>:

*r l ! . «): — "I '

iirbni*ri K*!. t ' *fV-= t-f/1 a % »vi* >. ♦

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 137.

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His prefen t Majesty, for repairing the Roads from a Place called Piffs Elm, in the Trwlsbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham to Elfton Church, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the

Rt-ign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending ,5 Q the Roads from a Place called Piffs Elm, in the Tewksbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham to Eifion Church, and from thence to Coorrbend Beeches, ;n the Road from Ci encester to Gloucester, and from the Market Hottfein Cheltenham, to the Burford Tarnp'ke R.oad, at a Place called Pewfdon Ain, and from Civ Itenham to tic Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a Hottie called Kilkenny, and from the Direction Post in Bemb.iige Field, through Birdlip, to join the R.oadfrom Gloucester to Bach at or near Puinswick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have boriowed several confidmble Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, great Part of which (till remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads comprised in the Lid Act be properly amended, widened, imptoved, altered, varied, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is fu ther continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions Thereof altereti, amended, [Loc. Es* Per.) 32 F and

2874 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 137,

and enlarged; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enactrd , and be it evaded by the Kino’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advic- a,-d Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common , in this prrlent Parliament assemb.cd, and by the Authority of The raid Act the lame, That the said Act, p-.fled in the Twenty-fifth Year of thr Reign tinu2rC0B" s ^a’‘^ Pre^nt Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein rtfj eft vely contained (except such Parc thereof as relates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and rx-ept so much and such Part or Parts thereof are by this Act repealed,) shall be and continue in full Force and EfRft, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Pu poses as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, hut subject never-thelefstothe Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Act, or on the Credit of the said Tolls thereby granted and payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

For appoint-

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Thomas ing new Howard, commonly called Lord Viscount Andover, the Honourable John

m ce,. Dutton, Sir Georg< Duckett, Baronet, Sir Robert Herries Knight, William

Plumer, Charles Shaw Lefevre, Robert Morris, John Brown, John Bowles, William Hump hr is Barrett, Thomas Byrcb, John Byrch, Joseph Bickhamt William B&jliv, William Ballinger, Ch ijlopher Capel, William Capel the younger, Daniel Capel, Charles Coxwell Clerk, Charles Coxwell the younger; Clerk, John Clarke, Thompson Evans, Henry Foulkes Clerk, Alexander Fathering!:am, Richard Forjler, John Gale, John Higgs, Edward Jcnmr Doctor of Physick, Gilbert Jones, Thomas Jordan, Benjamin King-Jlbn, Roe King Clerk, Joseph Lavender, Richard Langbridge, William Nettlejhipp, John Ne't'ejhipp, Thomas Newman, Doctor Onslow Dean of W< rctfter, Joseph Pitt, Thomas Pruen, John Riddell, William Russell, Charles Sealer, Charles Hanbury Tracy, Edward Tatham Clerk, Doctor ia Divinity, Henry Thompson, Reginald Wynniatt Clerk, Cornelius Woolley, Be njamin Wells, James Wood, William Wcod, Charles Wynne, and Jonathan Wilaey, (together wuh such of the I rustees named in or appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, and who have been since appointed in pursuance thereof, as are now living) shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for carry ing this and the said recited Act into Execution , and such Trustees and ^heir Successors respectively, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act) are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said Act and of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees by the said recited Act.

Trustee* IJI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions,

m*> .."and Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whatsoever, to be had, Nam« of"tl e bought, .[-rufccuted, or defended, by or against the said Trustees

(hah

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 137. 2875

shall he had, made, brought, prosecuted, or defended, in the Name of the‘rTrea-their Clerk* and that no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, clerk^ or other Proceeding to be had, made, brought, prosecuted, or defended, by or against the said Trustees or any of them, by virtue of this Act or the said retired Acr, or the General Highway and Turnpike Aers, or any of rhem, shall abarr, or be oif. ontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk , but that the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, I ifjrmanr, Appellant,

Defendant, or Respondent, in any such Action, Suit, Prosecut on, Information, Appeal, or other P.oceeding ( as the Case shall be): Provided always, chat every such Citrk, in whole Name any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding, shall be had, made, brought, prosecuted, or defended, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this or the said recited Acr, all such Costs,

Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of 3ny such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, sustain, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, or liable for, or be fairly entitled to, byreason, of his or their so being made a Plaintiff, Defendant, Informant, Appellant, or Respondent, as afo refold.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the being a Trustee of the said Trustees, &c. Roads, or a Mortgagee of the Tolls thereof, or a Farmer or Collector of j^diuiuaU. the said Tolls, or being a Treasurer or Clerk or Surveyor under the said bring wit. recit d Act or this Act, or the being an Inhabitant of any Township, Parish, nelle*

or Place through which the said Roads do or shall pass, shall not disqualify any T.uftrc or other Person before described from giving his Testimony or Evidence in any Suit, Prosecution, or other legal Proceedings under the said recited Acr or this Act, or the said General Highway and Turnpike Acts, nor shall such Testimony or Evidence (for any of che Realons af'ore-said) be liable to be questioned or fee afxde.

V. And be it further enacted, That inasmuch as the Tolls arising from Power to the Diflnft of Roads in the said recited Act called the Eirfl District, have

fmee the passing of the same Act increased in a Proportion very consider- ot £ jo. ably beyond the Increase of the Tolls arising from the District of Roads Jjj in the said Act c tiled the Second District. it shall and may be lawful to second and for the said Trustees, from and after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required to incre.de the Allowance of Thirty Pounds per Annum^ A

(by the Did recited Act directed to be made by the said First Difirid of Roads to the said Second District,) to any Sum not exceeding One hundred and Twenty Pounds, nor less than Forty Pounds per Annum, at the Discretion of the said Trustees,

VI. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by the General said recited Act shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Warns, Sxtl*Ption* Carts, Carriages, or Hones employed in carrying or conveying or going

to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones,

Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to belaid up or placed in the

Oiuhouses,

2876

Statute

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Hmfes employed in ca-rying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or re.urning from carrying or conveying, having been employed on*y in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Kufbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Cjmpost, or Manure employee in Hulbindry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horfts or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed or tarried; or from any Perf <n going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlh p tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any P rfon that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from v filing any Sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miniftcrial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresscs under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Tiorles, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furniihrd by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of Their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided fur such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horse-, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrams sent by legal Pafles , or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horleback, going to or returning from any Elc&ion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Gloucester, on the Day or Days of such Elcdlion, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded j and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefic of any of the Exemptions afortLiJ, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pav for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the Other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Act and this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shah be liable to do Statute Wcrk, or are or shall be chargeable towards rep Ling and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore , and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trusttcs, or any Three or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clnk, Surveyor, or by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine whaf Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in 14 which

2877

46' GEORGII III. Cap. 137,

which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall chink proper, to the said Trustees or their Treaftirer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direift; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts authorized or directed to be recovered *, ana each and every Person who shall neglect or refusetodo such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of hi«, her, or their Defaulr, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Pe± naliics, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statote in force or eft'edt for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dilrnifs the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in thac Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads j all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the Lid Parishes or Places shall £ Lac. (£ Per.~] 3 iG ( ‘

2878

Material*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Forty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors of the respective Distri&s of the said Roads, and such Persons as shall be employed by them or by the said Trustees within their respective Distri&s, are hereby empowered to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Furze, Juniper, Heath, Stones, Grave), Sand, or other Materials proper for the making or amending of the said Roads, or any new Road, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River or Brook, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyors or other Persons filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; or where there is not sufficient of any Lch Materials to be procured, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River, or Brook, near to such Part or Parts of the Roads as want amending, or where any new Road is to be made, the said Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by order of the said Trustees for the respective District, feirch for, cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away all such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the Lands of any Person or Persons (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, such Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue not having been made or planted within the Space of One Year immediately preceding the passing of this Act) paying, or tendering Payment to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Lands or Grounds, where or from whence the same shall be cut, digged, gathered, taken or carried away, or upon, over, or through which the lame or any other Materials so cur, dug, gathered, and taken as aforesaid, (or the Damage done to such Lands or Grounds, such Equivalent in Money as the said Trustees for the said rc-speciive Distri&s shall adjudge reasonable, or other wise it shall be lawfu! for the said Trustees to purchase and /or all Persons to fell any Lands or Grounds (except as above mentioned) for the Purpose of procuring or raising any such Materials as aforesaid, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Pur poles, as is mentioned and set forth in and by the said recited Act in regard to the Purchase of Lands for other Purposes therein mentioned; and in calc of any Difference or Dispute between the said Trustees, Surveyors, or other Persons appointed and employed as aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of private Lands not purchased, or any of them, concerning such Payments arid Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace at their then next General Qua'ter Sections, or at the Second Quarter Sessions at the turtheft, to be holden for the said County of Gloucester% on Ten Days previous Notice thereof being given in Writing by cither Party to the other of them, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or last or most usual Place of Abode, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement and Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive on all Parties; and Notice to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being* or left fcr him as aforesaid, shall in ali Cafes be deemed and con- fide red as a Notice to the said Commissioners.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. xii. 2879

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be found riding over any of the causeways or Footways by the said recited Act or Liu cwiys% this Act, made or to be made* or driving or leading any Hi de or other

Beast thereon, shall for every Inch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered in such Manner as by the said recited Ail is mentioned for the Recovery of any Penalties and Forfeitures, one Moiety of which Penalty, when raised, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied to the general Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

X. And whereas it may be necessary to turn, divert, or alter the Course powerto or Path of some Part or Parts of the said Roads for the better Accommc- divert the elation of Passengers and Carriages, and it is doubtful whether the Powers Roa given to the said Trustees by the said recited Ail, are kifneient for that Purpose; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to turn, divert, and alter the Course or Path of any Parc or Parts of the said Roads, as they or any Five or more of them shall think proper, over, through, and along any other Road or Roads, or any Commons or Waste Grounds within the several Parishes or Townships through which the fame row goes, or within any adjoining Parishes or Townships within the said County of Gloucrjler, without making any Satisfaction to any Person or Persons for so doing, and also over, through, and along the private Lands,

Grounds, and Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, within any such Parish or Township as aforesaid, making such Compensation to the Owner or Owners thereof, and other Person or Persons inrertfted therein, as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and such Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons interested , and in case the said Trustees, and such Owner or Owners, and other Person or Persons as aforesaid cannot agree, touching such Compensation, then the same shall be settled and ascertained in such Manner as is dirtfted by the said recired Act with respect to Lands, Grounds, and Hereditament.*? Thereby authorized to be taken for the Purpo'.irs of the said Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to the pulling down any Dwelling-house or other Building, or take in any Part of any P*rk, Garden, Orchard, or Yard, or any planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and let apart as a Nnrfcry for Trees, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof in Wricing first had and obtained; and as often as any Diversion or Alteration of the said Roads, or any of them, or any Parc thereof, as herein-before mentioned, shall take place, it shall be lawful for me said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to declare to what District or Districts such.

Diversion or Alteration shall from Time to Time belong.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or AppVcttbm agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, jJSjTf*" or Hereditaments which shall be purchased, taken, or uled by virtue of amounting t» the Powers of the said recited Act or of this Act, for all or any of the a°oL‘ Purposes therein or herein contained, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or ro any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Hufb.md, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for and

Cti Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cejluiyue

Trust,

2880 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Trust, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftriifl or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount tu the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money hull be appl.ed under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the i-id Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes* or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be Lid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effedand in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuiries shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under a'ny Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotqy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respect-ive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herdn-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the

Application of Compen-fatioft, if less than tool, and exceeding *ol.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 137. 2SS1

like Option of Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted That where such Money, Aroiicaiton

so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be Id's "a

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied tiuni’J.

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the|Purpos-s of the said recited Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paidto his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to y, case of whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of notiwking any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of out ,l c‘* the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Sitlsfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in cale such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such orifPertoM Lands, Tenements, or Herediaments, be not known or discovered, then jj'r and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ciiaie Money Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Panics interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [defcrihing Iort,c them} subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court order of the of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Monty, or any Morio^of Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in i'uti"1'-a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable } and the Cashier or Cailiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

fier. Per.] 32 H

e$82

Where any Question fl.alla.il'e touching the Title to the Money to be

Jiuil belli PoiTelHon of the Laod at the Time of Inch Purchase, shall be <iremsd «fntit'c<l thereunto according to such Posseffiun, uuicA, L c.

For paying the Expences of tin* Act.

Publick Ail.

Dm anon ©fit.

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when* zt\f Question (h 11 arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid inro the Bank of Ergiand in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Aftj for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Ellate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuanre of the Lid recited Act or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Intc-rest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have be. n in Pois flion of such L.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such PofiTession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Sjti.sf.iftion of the said Court of Chancery and the Dividends or Imereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unltls it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Poll. iTion was a wrongful Poli'elfion, and chat fotne other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to feme Eli ate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Dif&bilky or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of t! e laid recited Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Pm chafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to th like Uses in pursuan_e of the said recited Act or this Act, it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expeners of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, or fa much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Act or this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall dirtft.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or which after the passing of this Act shall be first received on account of the said Roads in the said recited Act and this Act mentioned, together with Interest on such Sums as shall be advanced towards such Expences.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall he judicially taken Notice of as such by adjudges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force, and be executed

for

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 137

for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

Mr)-t ' M: 'ilOaD

' i 'VO

' gnilhfte ’ol IhA r J.\

’: )r. VjmioO

*' rhv' _ i*-roqq£n

' 1 ;i id Ilfitfl

I: ofl S ti

i

_ , - »-----"

> ki- ' JvV »*.

v\i v.iVi-«V

S'........' . ' . - .1 V

- ' ' - n . . 4 - _ " re "0. ....o

1

*£ t.^y.wJ.3

w

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMQ SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

M -

Cap. 138.

An Act for affeifing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Caithness, towards the Expence of supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, at shall be approved of by the Commissioners for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

[21st July 1806,1

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His pre-

fenc Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Ma- 41 G* 3 c.to. jesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling tbs Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates iwith a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and fridges in the Highlands of Scotland; it is among other Things enacted, that the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time bcin t, iliould order and direct some Person to make a Surveyor Surveys of the Roads and bridges, which it should be deemed mod advisable to maker and erect in the Highlands of Scotland, which Person should report upon Oath his Opinion thereupon, together with an Estimate of the Expence [ Lee. & Per.] 3 if of

2886

46‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

of making and erecting respectively each of such Roads and Bridges tcf the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, who should thereupon refer such Survey, Opinion, and Estimates, to the Commissioners therein named and appointed; which said Commissioners shouU then confider and d^t^nine whi§h*of the said Roads and Bridges so iprveyed and reported estimated, should be made and erected wi the Manner

therein difedfEdl and should-'ciiufe a List and Description thereof, referring to such §mrvey, to be published in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes; and AjcmM' and Description should be also sent to the next General Quartcn.^effiofis of the Peace for every and each County through which the said KbaW, or any of them, are intended to pass, or in which the said Bridges, or any of them, are intended to be erected: And whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, that so soon as a Sum equal to One Half of the Expence so estimated of any such Road, or any such Bridge, should be paid or secured tQ be paid to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners thereby appointed, and also Security given to tftfe'Satisfadidri of the said Com-xnissioners, that such Person or fersons would further bear and defray all such further Sum or Sums of Money beyond such estimated Expence as should be necessary to make and complete such Road or Bridge, the fakECvnnimffioners should direct an Account to be opened in the Books of the said-Obrnmissioners, for such Read Or Bridge, and should plate tj> such Account, a Bum equal to One Half of the said estimated Expence; and it should be lawful for any Person or Persons contributing to the Expence of such Road or Bridge, to pay the Money so contributed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the said Commissioners for such Road of Bridge* And whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, that One Half of the Expence of such Road or Bridge being so paid, or secured to be paid, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and a Sum equal thereto transferred in the Accounts of the said Commissioners to the Account of such Road or Bridge, such Road should be forthwith directed to be made, and such Bridge to be erected, agreeably to the Plan and Survey therein di-reded to be made, or such other Plan as might, upon subsequerrt Comfi-deration be approved by the said Commissioners, so that the Execution thereof shouki net exceed the said estimated Expence: And whereas, in ordcf to insure the making and erecting the Hoads and Bridges which it ffial! appear to the Commissioners appointed by the said recked Ad ad-vifabte to make alrd ered in the County of Caithness, it is expedient to empower the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Caithness to aflfe s themselves, and every Proprietor of Land in the said County, tate-ably, and proportionably, according to their valued Rent, in such Sum anjl Sums of Money as may be necessary for the making and erecting futh Roads and Bridges in the said County, in addition to One Half of she estimated Expence thereof, which the said Commissioners are by the said Copy of Re- recked Ad authorized to defray in the Manner therein mentioned: May timateofE* therefore pteafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted Ro 'it* or by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

made^an^fefit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal^ and Commons in this’prefem

to the c->n- Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from arid rfffonhe*1*’ a*tcr of this Act, as often as the said Commissioners ap-

Comr.y, to he‘pointed by the above-recited Act shall determine that any Road or Roads, ,aid befortCi-rjgylflge or Bridges, shall be made or erected in the said County ¥if 'Caith-such Commissioners tnmsmit or ca&'ie' to be rranfraitted. it'Ch't& rWToJfo t... - ' j of

4,6° GlSORGI I III. Cap. 138. 28S.7

of il^air Retakfrtm to thm Efibftfxyhfra Cqpy of the \Sarrvey, Report, and Eftitfme,wpoa wkiich &<sh Jtefolucion has proceeded, Co tie Chnvener of the Commissi aids of Supply, or in his Absence, to the Sheriff Depute or /SubUituie erf-Mhe laid Gobisry'of XlaitW^-wfto'is thereupon tequired omd ittrcftsiktD hrrumotn a Cdotnal Meeting of the Heritors of the said -‘County, tixhie beidiehhri aft the {Borauph ctWich, or Borough or Ba-rooy off rT/jurst>, within Two Caiepdkr Months after the said Copies (half be raweived by him'; end lo.ify the fame before stich Meeting, for the of their taking-every foeh Resolution, Survey, Report, and Efti-aiate, into-CoKftdex tion, n«d i(inr the Purpose t>f executing, or giving Directions for executing, the Powers and Authorities committed by this Act to the Heritors of the said County.

if. And wtieneas the folio-wing Roads are considered to be the proper Otwefts of this videlicet Par it, a Road from the Ord to the Town of executed.

Wick* and from thence to Thwr/a; Secondly, a Road from Dunbeath to *Jburfo j Thirdly, a Road from S'burjs to Huna \ Fourthly, a Road from Wick to Huna: Fifthly, a Road from Thurso to Drumhollefton; and Sixthly, a Road from $ bur jo towards Partftiieek: And Whereas it is intended that the Roads shall be made purtaant to this and the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of his present Majesty's Reign; be it therefore enacted.

That lo soon as the said Commissioners AaU trantinit in the Manner herein dhefted, Copies of their Refutations in regard to the Roads above described, and of the Reports and Edimates on which the fame have proceeded, the fame Ife all he taken imo Consideration by the Heritors of the said County, at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose in the Manner herein directed; and the said Roads shall be made purfuaiit to this and ftip laid last-mentioiTied Act, in iuoh :Order.and Succtflion, or inch or so many of them at one and the same Time, as shall be finally settled by the said Commissioners, and agreed to by the said Heritors at some Meeting to be held pui.tuant ro this Act*

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Convener, or in rn;imation to his Absence, the Sheriff Depute or Subfliture of the said County, shall iiegWohy cause publick Notice of such Refo tat ions. Surveys, Reports, and Eft-i- |)^vj'0^1’vteoner mates, which are to be laid before such General Meetings, to be inferred inch General Once in the Edinburgh EveningCourwt, Caledonian Mercury, and Edinburgh Ivleet,n6s-.uidvertifer respectively, at leait Twenty Days previous to such Meetings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That at every such Meeting of Heritors, Heritors of all Proprietors, Life-renters, and proper Wadfetts in the actual Possession, iooi Scots of as such, of the deminium vide of Lands situated in the said County, valued ^ute^h^ent» in the Cef$ Books or Valuation^rol! thereof, at One hundred Pounds Scots, Members ' f or upwards; and all Husbands of Females posselfed of such Estate in such Meet- Right of their Wives; and also Tutors of Pupils possessed of fuel) Estate,

and Minors possefTed of such Estate, with Consent of their Curators, if they any have; lhaf be entitled to appear and vote, either in Person, or by a special Proxy, vested in the Person of One who would be entitled, in Rdpeft of his own Property, to fit and vote at such Meeting; and at evety such Meeting, the Person who shall be elected by a Majority of Yores, shall be Preles; and in all Cafes where there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, the Prides, beftdes his own Vote as a Member of the Meeting, thail have a Calling Vote; and until such Prefes is 6 cholen,

2888

Heiitori, »f

of Ro.ul or Bridge proposal, may

for'oncHalf of the efu-n i a ted Expence, and at same Time ie-quirfeCom-inissioners of Supply to nme an AffefTmert for Payment

Person* hav-

finrting Security to pay

Heritors may adjourn.

Assessment to he levied by Inlhl-

jifli-fled shall be paid.

InstaJmen's lo be applied n luck ttv’

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

chosen, the Heritor present possessed of the greatest valued Rent, shall take the Chair, and shall have a Double Vote in case of an Equality.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Heritors of the said County so met and assembled, shall take every such Resolution, Survt‘y, Report, and Estimate into Consideration \ and it shall be lawful (or them, or a Majority of them, in case they shall approve of the Road or Bridge pro-poled to be made or built by any such Resolution, Survey, Report, and Estimate, to bind and oblige the whole Heritors of the County, and their Heirs and Assignees, for the Payment of the Assessments to be made in virtue of this Act, of One Half of the eftiinated Expence of every such Road or Bridge, and at the same Time, to require the Commissioners of Supply of the said County to make an Assessment therefor, upon each and every Proprietor, Life-renter, and proper Wadfetter of Lands enjoying the dominium utile thereof in the said County, rateably and proportionably, according to the Amount of their several valued Rems j to be levied and collided by Instalments, in Manner herein directed.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Person or Persons have already paid> or found Security to pay, or shall hereafter pay or find Security to pay the Sums necessary towards making any Road, or erecting any Bridge in the said County, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, such Person or Persons shall not be liable to pay his, her, or their Proportion of any Assessment to be made pursuant to this Act, unless or until such Proportion shall amount to a Sum equal to One Half of the estimated Expence of such Road or Bridge, which they have paid, or found Security to pay, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, or until they are repaid One Half of such estimated Expence in Manner herein directed.

VII. Provided always, That if the Heritors of the said County so met and assembled, cannot come to a Determination at One Meeting, it shall be lawful for them to adjourn the fame from Time to Time, as may be deemed expedient; and the Consideration of any such Resolution, Survey, Report, and Efiimale, being resumed at any such original or adjourned Meeting or Meetings, the latest of which shall not be more than Thirty Days from the Date of the original Meeting, called after Advertisement as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Members of such Meeting then present, or a Majority of them, to require an Assessment to be made in the Manner herein directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Assessment shall be levied by instalments from Time to Time, and that in every Year the same shall amount to not more than One Shilling, nor lei's than Sixpence, on the Pounds Scots of the valued Rent of the County; and that the said Instalment shall continue to be levied until such Time as all Sums of Money contained in any Assessment pursuant to this Act shall be paid, and until every Heritor granting Security in Manner herein directed for One Half of the estimated Expence of any Road or Roads, Bridge or Bridges, shall be fully indemnified (or the same.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Heritors at such General or A.djourned Meetings, to direct the several

Instalment,

46° GEORGII III. C^.138. 2889

Inft&lmenta df such Assessments to be applied in such Proportions for ^r|'°ns jr each Road and Bridge for which the Survey, Report, an.4' Estimate, with Joihe H:ru the Resolution of the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act tors shall lecm thereupon, fh «l i have been transmitted to the County Convener, or Sheriff pi0i*r‘ Depute or Substitute as aforesaid, as they shall think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of the Resolution of every Kefolutfont of such Meeting requiring an Assessment to be made for the Purposes of this ^nfSed"© Act, shall forthwith be transmitted by t*he Prefes, or failing him, by any the Convener Three Members of the Meeting at which the same shall have been made,

to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Supply, they CaithnefS) and thereupon the Cortiftiissioner of Supply of the saidj County shall be fumtnofted to meet and assemble within Twenty Days thereafter, fu/n^theret*. and being met and assembled> they shall make an Assessment upon each and every Proprietor, Life-renter, and proper Wadfetter of Land enjoying the dv/nihkitH utile thereof in the said County, to the Amount of the Sum specified in stich Resolution, to be levied in Conformity therewith.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment made by virtue Assessment to of this Act, and each and every Part and Portion thereof, shall be levied

and recovered by the Collector of the Land Tax of the said County, in the same Manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied or recovered; and fuel! and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties, and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recovery of every such Assessment, which are giveA or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of thfe Land Tax: Provided always, that the said Collector shall within Twenty Days after the first. Assessment shall be made in pursuance of this Act, lodge with the Clerk of Supply a Bond and Obligation for his duly accounting for all Monies Coming into his Hands by virtue of this Act, along with a sufficient Cautioner, to such Extent as the Commissioners of Supply shall direct, not being less than One thousand Pounds Sterling.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of the Land Tax Collector «f shall remit all Monies tot be received by him, pursuant to such Assessment,

as the lame shall from Time to» Tune amount to Fifty Pounds, to freafirer of the Treatorer of the Bank of Scotland, or so any Agent of the said Bank, ^t^aannjc authorized by them to receive the feme, upon a Receipt from such Agent jheir Agent, (exprdsly defetibing himself as such) to be placed by the Treasurer of the al,i^jjnieJI[c* said Bauktonn Account opened in the Manner drrested by the said re- Joc^aS? cited Aftp in the Books of the said Bank, for the Road or Bridge, Roads »ent. or Bridges, towa'ds making or erecting which such Assessment shall have been made; and the said Collector oi the Land Tax dull at each of the General Meetings of Herilo s, or at any Time when required by a Committee of their Number, appointed as herein directed, render to them a fuft and true Account of each and every Sum of Money received and remitted, or paid by him, pursuant to this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector of the Land Tax collector not lor the said County shall, without proper Cause shewn, at any Time keep l1°ak^espai1n hi*r in his Hands, for the Space of Twenty Days, a larger Sum than Fifty sumtVan^oU Pounds of Money received by him pursuant to this Act, or shall fail to at One Time, render at) Account in the Manner therein directed, such Collector shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be j La. ;S Fgr.l \iK recovered

289o 46* GF.ORGII III; cap. 138.

recovered with double Costs of Suit, by Wav of summary Complaint before the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, or any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Pe<c.e for the said County; one Moiety of which Sum shall go to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons firing for the same.

c a eaormay X!V. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thar every such Collector of anl^fjr'his" Land Tax may retain to his own Use, out of all Monies so recovered Trouble. as aforesaid, fu h Allowance as the said Commissioners of Supply,shall think a reasonable Remuneration for his Trouble, as may be fixed on from Time to Time by the Heritors of the County, not exceeding the Rate of Allowance made to him for levying the Land Tax per Centum; for which Allowance Provision shall be made in the Amount of each Atitff* ment directed to be made pursuant to this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of each Order or Resolution of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, diredinii such Assessment to be levied, shall be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to the Conunissioners appointed by the aforesaid in Part recited Act', who shall, upon any Anefiment being made, appropriating Money to any such Road or Bridge, direct an Account to be opened in their Books for each of the Roads or Bridges for which an Assessment shall have been so made, and shall place to every such Account a Sum equal to the Half of the e£-timated Exp6nce of such Road or Bridge, or Roads or Bridges; and every such Road or Bridge shall forthwith be directed to be made and erected, pursuant to the said recited Act and this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the same Days with, and immediately after, every Meeting of Freeholders at Michaelmas in each Year, and every Meeting of Commissioners of Supply for affeifing the Land Tax in each Year, there shall be held General Meetings of Heritors under this Act,with Power to the Heritors then assembled to adjourn such Meeting;- as they shall shall fee cause, and at every such Periodical or Adjourned Meeting, a Report shall be made of the State of Proceedings, in regard to every R ad or Bridge determined upon, approved or contracted for, pursuant to this Act, and such Diredicns shall be given as the Case may require.

HmIters thall

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Cafe the said Cop)!?Mi- ffer'rors of said County shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to rates of thar the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, a Copy of the tVII- c'o.nmj?- nutes of their Proceedings at every Meeting to be held by them pursuant sioners under to this Act.

43 3-

Heritors t* be

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Heritors of the said County shall, Roa!*?arioT 8t any t^e*r ^enera^ Meetings, from Time to Time appoint a Com-Bri ges for mittee, rot less than Three nor exceeding Five, of their Number; and wh,eh A/ieiis- such Committee shall be, and they are hereby conflicted Trustees for mc 1 maie* making and erecting every Road and Bridge for which an Assessment shall have been made, in the Manner herein directed; and such Committee shall come in Lieu and Stead of the Committee of Contributors*, directed by the said recited Act to bechofen to ad with the Commissioners thereby appointed; and all the Powers and Authorities given to the said. Gonjnuffiuners and Trustees appointed by the said recited Act in relation.

to

Half-yearly Genera Meeting! shall be held, and Progress reported.

Upon Assess-

made ao Account fh 1! oe opened for the Hoad or Badge, pur-fuanttO^G 3. c. 2

2&gt

4.6" GEORGII 111. Cap. 138.

to thfc Roads and Bridges directed.to be made and built in the Manner therein provided, are hereby given and extended to the Commissioners and the said Committee to be appointed as above, in pursuance of this Act, in relation to every Road or Bridge for which an Assessment shall be made in Manner herein directed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be Committee of lawful for the said Hejitors, or those authorized to act for them, or a Ma- arce andLo" jority of them, at any Meeting assembled as aforesaid, from Time to Time, cal Man.ige-to appoint any Two or more of their Number, not exceeding Five, to ^pointed superintend the making any such Road, or the erecting any such Bridge,

and to keep the fame in Rep ir; the Appointment of which Committee shall be duly-notified to the Bank aforesaid; and which Committee of Superintendance shall be empowered by the said Commissioners and Trustees to draw upon the Bank aforesaid for Money requisite for making such Road, or erecting such Bridge, to such Extent, in such Manner, and fub-jeCl to such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, as the said Commissioners and Trustees shall, from Time to Time, think proper topreferibe.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, shall be approved of, or be in’ conformity to the Direction given by the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, to whom it shall and may be lawful, and who are hereby empowered to give such Directions to the said local Superintendant or Superintendants, as well as to the Heritors of the said County, or the Committee to be appointed by them, as above directed, in regard to the making any such Road, or erecting any such Bridge, as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper:

Provided always, that a Copy of such Directions shall be previously lent to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, to be by him laid before the next General Meeting of Heritors; and in case it shall appear to the said General Meeting, that such Directions so given have proceeded from Misinformation or Misconception on the Part of the said Commissioners, the said General Meeting are hereby authorized to state their Objections; and such Directions shall not be carried into EffeCfc until such Objections are considered by the said Commissioners, who shall thereupon determine in such Manner as to them shall seem proper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the actual Expence of any Exctfsbr-

such Road or Bridge, for which an Assessment shall have been so made, yondtbeefflvail exceed the estimated Expence thereof, such Excess shall be provided pJHce'so^V for and defrayed by an Afldflinent or Assessments, made and levied by made good by One or more Instalments, in the Manner herein-before directed. ment* etc*"

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Life-renter of Life-renter* any Estate, and the Institute, or Heir of Email in Possession of any En- EuuUCmayf tailed Estate, paying his or her Proportion of any such Assessment, or charge the borrowing Money for that Purpose, may charge the Estate of which such pJlrpofeof*1* Life-renter, Institute, or Heir of Entail, is in Possession, with the Amount pay ng the thereof, in the Manner in which Heirs of Entail contributing towards the Expence of any Road or Bridge a e allowed to charge the Entailed Estate

by the said recited ACT, and every Life-renter, Institute, or Heir of Entail, io charging the Estate in the Manner hereby allowed, shall be obliged to keep down the Interift of the Sum with which the E'late shall be lo charged,

and

Directions to b gi.cn by the Commit’ sioners appointed by 4J O. 3. c. 80.

2892

Lni'ils held by proper Wad-fe:tn t, to be liab'e for Re-imbursemen's paid by them.

Form of Security to I. granted.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

and a certain Sum, at lead equal to Three Pounds per Centum, of the Amount thereof, as a Sinking Fund, shall be annually paid, so that the Estate may be discharged and disencumbered of the fame, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act; and such and the like Forfeiture shall be incurred upon each Failure in Payment of such Sum or Sinking Fund, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as is directed in the Cate of such Failure by the said in part recited Act.

XXIII. Provided also and be it enacted, That in every Cafe where a proper Wadfetter, in Possession of a Wadset Estate in the said County, shall pay his or her Proportion of any such Assessment, every Sum so paid by such Wadfetter shall be added to, and make a Part of, the Wadset Mo» ney* on Payment ot which, such Estate is redeemable; and such Estate shall be subject to the Payment of such Proportion of every such Afieff-met so paid, with legal Interest thereof, after Requisition duly made by the Wadfetter, and no Process of Redemption shall issue against him upon Consignation, unless such Proportion of every such Assessment shall be consigned along with the Original Wadset Money, in the same Manner as if the Amount thereof had made Part of the said original Wadset Money: Provided nevertheless, that the Receipt given by the Collector of such Assessment to any such Wadfetter, for his or her Proportion thereof, shall, within Sixty Days after its Date, be registered in the general or particular Register of Seifms.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors of the said County, or any One or more of their Number specially authorized and appointed at any Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Assessments to be made as herein directed j and which Money so borrowed, shall not be receivable by any of the Parties borrowing the fame, but shall be paid exclusively t<y the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or the authorized Agent of that Bank, at any Branch established in or adjacent to the said County, to be placed to an Account opened in the Manner directed by the said recited Act in the Books of the said Bank, for the Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, towards making or crefting which Inch Money shall have been borrowed; and the Money so borrowed shall be repaid to the Treasurer of the said Bank, from the Funds remitted to him, or paid to the Agent as aforesaid, in such Manner, and in such Sums and Proportions, as any of the said General Meetings of Heritors, or a Majority of them, shall appoint and direct: Provided always, that the Sums to be borrowed in r.ur-fuance of this Act, shall at no Time exceed the Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds Sterling.

XXV. Provided always, That any Security to be granted for any Sum borrowed under the Authority of this Act, shall be conceived in the following Terms;

WE l^e htbftribing Heritors of the County of Caithness, duly avitho-

4 * rized by the Regulations of an Act, intituled, (here the Title of this

4 Jft to be inserted), as representing the Heritors of the said Count j, do

hereby acknowledge to have borrowed from the

4 Sum of Sterling, which Svun of

with Interest on the fame, at the Rate of

per Centum, from the Date hereof until the fame is repaid, we do hereby' 4 oblige ourselves, and the other Heritors of the said County, to repay from the

46° GEORG 11 TIT. Cap. 138. 2893

1 the Assessments imposed in pursuance of the said Act on the Heritors ‘ of the said Counry, for the Purpose of making Roads and erecting Bridges. In witness whereof we have subscribed these Presents at

Which Security, written on Paper duly damped, and subscribed by Persons legally authorized to that Effect, shall be binding upon the whole Heritors of the said County, in so far as regards the regular Payment of the Assessment or Assessments therein mentioned, out of which the Money borrowed is to be repaid.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That so soon as the whole Roads and Bridges R and for which Assessments are directed to be made in pursuance of this Act,

or any One or more of them, shall have been completed, and certified to pi-te*, how be so by Surveyors named by the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act to that Effect, the same shall be repaired, and kept in Repair at pai‘u* the Sight, and under the Direction of the Committee of Superintendance to be from Time to Time appointed for the fame; and the Expence of such Repairs, in so far as the same shall not be defrayed from Funds here-in-after mentioned as applicable thereto, shall be provided for by an Affeffnent or Assessments, to be made and levied in the Manner herein-before directed, or by the Produce of any Tolls to be levied for that Purpose.

XXVII. And whereas ir is expedient, That Tolls and Duties should be Toll* to he !<*-levied, for the better keeping the Roads and Bridges made in pursuance of

this Act, and those immediately connected therewith, in Repair, and for inRspa;r. other Purposes herein-after expressed, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees appointed by this Act, to erect, or cause to be erected, such Number of Toll Houses as they shall think fir, with such Portion of Ground as they shall think necessary for the Use of the fevetal Toll Bar Keepers thereof, not exceeding Half an Acre to each Toll House; and the said Commissioners and Trustees are hereby empowered to take and require, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Husbands;

Tru flees*, Tutors, and Curators, and ali and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and requited to sell and convey all such Ground as may be necessary for the Purpose of erecting any such Turnpike Gate or Gates,

Toil Houses, and Ground for the Use of such Toll Ear Keepers, in the same Manner that Ground may be acquired, taken, and fold, and conveyed by virtue of the said recited Act, for the Purposes of making and building the Roads and Bridges thereby intended to be made and built; and alt the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said recited Act, and all the Directions, Rules, and Regulations, thereby given and prescribed, rehtive to the Aequisition and Purchase of Ground for the Purposes of the said recited Act, are hereby given and granted, and shall be followed and observed in the Aequisition and Purchase of Ground for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as any of the said r teofToll* Roads shall be made, or any of the said B idges shall be built, it liable, shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to demand and take, or

[_Loc./Vr.J L cause

28$4 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

cause to be demanded and taken, the Tolls and Duties following, at each of the Gates or Turnpikes so to be erected, before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Cuiride,. Calash, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage whatsoever, or any Horse-, Mare, Gelding, Cattle, or Sheep whatl ever, shall pass through the fame; that is to say.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Curricle, Calash, Chaise, Chair, or Flearfe, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or MuJfes, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and d awn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three , Horles, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the burn of Two Shillings and Six-

pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mans, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and diawn by One Iiorie, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Nine Pence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beads < f Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four Pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Pence Sterling:

For every Drove of Horses or Fillies, unfhod, the Sum of One Shilling and Fight Pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less N umber

For every Drove of Oxen, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Light Pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Hogs, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Ten Pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

nafd'once6*

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having E#y. C Occasion to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected by virtue of this Atl, and who shall return the same Day through the fame Turnpike or Turnpikes, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Coach, or Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by the lame Horses, or with the fame Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, shall be liable or compelled to pay the said lolls or Duties more than Once,but shall, on Demand, be furnished with a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of the Toll or Duty paid by such Person or Persons, which Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, shall enable the said Person or Persons returning the same Day as aforesaid, to repass the said Turnpike or Turnpikes Toll-free; but in case the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Bead or Cattle, shall return or pass any such Turnpike with a New Loading in the same Day, the full Tolls or Duties shall be paid for each Time such Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Bead or Cattle, shall so pass, in the same Manner as for the FirdTime.

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 138. 2 895

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfo i or Persons, hav-

in-; paid the 'lolls or Duties by this Act imposed, and having a Note or tVadin^ Ticket, Notts or Tickets, signifying the Payment thereof, shall give or dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons, in order to enable such Person or Persons to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls or Duties, every such Person so giving or disposing thereof, and the Person receiv;ng the fame, being convicted thereof upon Oath, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his own Confession, before any One or more Jui'lice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or v. here the Offender Ihah reside, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner here-in-after directed.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toil (halt ns*

be demanded for and in respect of Carriages, Horses, or Cattle, employed from

in carrying Materials for making or repairing Roads, Bridges, and Toll- Tolls, houses, in the said County of Caithness; or Cattle, Horses, or Carriages*

*laden or unladen, passing from One Part of a Farm to another contiguous Part thereof; or laden with Implements of Husbandry, or Carriages returning empry after carrying the fame, or carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel,'or any Place of Religious Woiship, bel >nging to, or . situated within the Parish where such Person re Odes, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or Horses carrying any Person or Persons attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within the Parish; or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sundry, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be cel-brated; or for Horses or Cattle going to, or returning from, their usual Places of Paffure, or Watering, or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being Ihod, or cured, or returning therefrom; or for Hor.es or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed, or to be employed, in conveying the Mails, or Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers who are upon their March, or on Duty; or for any Horses,

Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of ;>ny such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horfr, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to, or returning from, the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise, provided such P.ersons be dfeifed in the Uniform of their lefpedlive Corps, and have their Arms,

Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, rt the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with Vagrants sent with legal Palfes; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person, being convicted thereof upon Oath by any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his own Confession before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County where the Offender shall relide, fuail for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

2896

ToHb *o be

Distress and

Sale.

T<Mls mnv be din.intthtd.

Trustees may let the Tells.

Power to appoint Officets,

Treasurer to find Security.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, the said Trustees are hereby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint, to levy each and every of the said Tolls and Duties, by Distress and Sale of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, or Sheep, or Carriages, upon which such Tolls and Duties are, by this Act, imposed, and to detain such Horse, or Cattle, or Sheep, or Carriage, so distrained, until the said Tolls, with reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid , and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of Four Days after such Distress shall be made,to appraiseand fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or Carriage, so distrained, by publick Auction, at the Turnpike or'loll House where the Toll ought to have been paid, returning the Overplus (if any be) ro the Proprietors of such Horse or Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or Carriage, so distrained, after deducting such Toll or Duty, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, appraising, and felling the fame; or the Toll-keeper shall have Power to detain such Horse or Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or Carriage, until such Toll shall be paid, he answering, at his own Respon-fibility, for the Justice of his Cause.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered to diminish or lessen the said Tolls or Duties hereby granted as they shall see cause, and again to raise the same as they shall think proper, to any Sum not exceeding the Tolls and Dunes hereby granted.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Publick Auction to let the said Tolls or Duties hereby granted, in the Whole, or in Lots or Parcels, from Time to Time, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall give good and Sufficient Security for Payment of the Sums for which the Tolls shall be so let, in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Commissioners and Trustees.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to choose and appoint a fit Person or Persons to be Treasurer for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this Act, and also a Clerk, or such other Officers as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new Ones in case of Removal or Death; and all and every Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be liable by this Act to pay the said Tolls or Duties, are hereby required to pay the same to the said Treasurer, or the Person to be from Time to Time appointed under him for that Purpose, or the Lessees thereof aforesaid; and the said Trustees may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the Money arising from the said Tolls or Duties, to make such Allowances to the several Officers by them appointed, as they shall think fit.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall take Security from such Treasurer, or Clerk, as the said Trustees shall think sufficienr for the due Execution of their respective Offices.

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

XXXVI’. And be it enacted, That the Sums arifim from the said Tolls shall be applied for keeping in Repair the R.oads and Bridges to be made and erected, by virtue of this and the said recited Act, in consequence of a Resolution or Resolutions of the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act; for which End the said Treasurer shall exhibit a just and true Ac-cunt of all Sums of Money received and paid by him, pursuant to this Act, to the Heritors assembled at every General Meeting, to be held us herein directed, on the same Day with and immediately after the Meeting of Commissioners of Supply for assessing the Land 1 ax; and Applications shall, at the said Meeting, be made to the said Heritors by any or all of the Committees of Superincendance, as Occasion may require, setting forth, according to the Cafe, the Want of Money for defraying any Expence in immediate Expectation, or which it has, from unforeseen Exigency, been previously found requisite to lay out for repairing the Roads or Bridges under the Charge of such Commitrees respectively; and the Heritors so assembled shall take such Application into their Consideration, and determine thereupon as to them may feein fit; and when the Heritors so assembled shall order a Sum of Money to be paid to any Committee of Superintendance for any such Repairs, such Order shall be a sufficient Warrant to the Treasurer for making such Payment accordingly.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall maliciously break down, or otherwise injure, any Turnpike Gate, Pei ions hrr*k-Post, Chain, Kail, or Bar, or any House erected for the TJfe of such P,kes Gates, Turnpikes, or any of the said Bridges, or any Parapet Wall, Paling or *tc.

Fence, on the Sides of the said Roads or Bridges, firuated in the said

County, or shall maltreat any of the Toll-gatherers, or Persons employed in making or repairing the said Roads, or shall be aiding and assisting thereto, or shall forcibly pal’s through, or assist any Person in forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate, or shall refeue any Person in Custody for the said Offences, or any of themj every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trustees by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his own Confession before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Caitbnefi, or where the Offender shall refit e, shall not only pay double the Damages and Expences sustained by such Offence, but shall be subject and liable to pay a Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than One Pound.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons occupy- Pmaltj-on ing Lands near any Turnpike which shall be erected in pursuance of this Act,

shall knowinglyor willingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons whatsoever to pass over or through the fame, or through any Gate, Passage, or Way therein, with any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horse,

Afs, Ox, or other Cattle, with an Intention to avoid Payment of the said Tolls and Duties, every such Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons driving i'uch Carr, or other Carriage, or driving, leading, or riding such Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, being convicted thereof by the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One rr more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County or where the Offender shall reside, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay [!«. & Per32 M to

289?

A~p!!ta:ion

foils.

i

4-6° GEORGII III. Cnp.isfi.

to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, a Sum not exceedirg Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

Penalty cn

XL. And i* further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall re-

tnki-is-0« fuse to pay the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by this Act at

or passing through any Turnpike or Toll B.ir, or shall pass through the lame

without paying the Tolls and Duties leviable thereat, or take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or Horses, Mares, or Geldings, from any Coach, Chaise, Chair, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Ca-lalh, or Hearse, or any Horse or Horses, Ox or Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, before the same shall come to any of the Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid paying any Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, or shall put and leave in any House or Place any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Cattle chargeable with, cr liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties, with such Intent as aforesaid; each and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being convicted thereof by the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his or their own ConfelTion before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Coithness, or where the Offender Hiall reside, shall forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

Kon-is tobs

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trullees may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be erected thereon, elected. or near the Sides thereof, denoting the Didance of each Mile, or such Other Didance as they shall judge convenient, and may also cause Guide-P na’ty on pods to be erected where necessary; and if any Person or Persons shall tiefac:n-°r 1 fw11 y break, destroy, damage, pull up, or remove 2ny such Stones or

Milestones, Pods, or obliterate, or deface any Letters or Figures that shall be inscribed *c- or put thereon, and shall be thereof convicted, by the Oath or Confcf-

Ibn of the Party offending, or One or more credible Witness, or Witness'es, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Caiibnsfs, or where the Offender Ura l reside, such Person or Persons so offending, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every Stone or Pod so wilfully broker., destroyed, damaged, pulled up, lemoved, obliterated, or defaced.

Fftrtnrr Ac s

XLII. And be it enacted, That all the Directions, Powers, and Au-tobeenf©ited. thorities given by the said recited Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for I vying Cenverfton Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cafes, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness, which are not inconsistent with this Act, shall continue in full Force, and shall be followed, observed, and enforced in the Execution of this Act.

r/rcctions

XLIII. And be it enacted, That all Debts due by the Didrifts eda-to Payment* blished by the said Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Ma-oi Dcuts. jesty’s R cign, shall be paid out of the Monies rai&d or levied under the Authority

2^99

46° GEORGII ITT. Cap. 138.

Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of enabling the Districts under the said Act to commence making Cross Roads to communicate with the great Lines above described, as so n as possible.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be individually No cr per tonally bound, otherwise than by his own positive Obligation, for bmt.uike any Money borrowed, or other Obligation incurred in the View of for- y«>n«i hi* w«» warding the Purposes of this Act, saving and referring always the Ooli- " *"

gation to pay the several Assessment which may be made under the Authority of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where Powers are Proprietor* committed, or Duties devolved upon the Commissioners of Supply by Uifc renters this Act, it shall be competent for such Commissioners only to act as are Cef; £oyks« Proprietors or Life-renters in Possession of the dominium utile of Lands within o*1- Sr-1. the said County, valued in the Cess-books, or Valuation-roll thereof, at c^r{a n cases-One hundred Pounds Sects or upwards.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons in cafeof not to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase °Ut

of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be orif Persons found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenemenrs, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered; then, and in every such Case, Morey-it shall and may be lawful to and for the fai l Trustees, or any Three or tot* paid into more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as 1 c aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif- of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Cl im to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall feern meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and thd Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise Where *njr touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Pur- Title to"5 cha!e of any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, or of any Ertare, Righr,

or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased ^rfo.i wh«

2C)QO

PolTeir.ort of the Lands, &c. at the Time of Cuth Purcliafr, flisl be deemed entitled thtretu according to

such Possef-

The Court

leaLnable Expences to be paid by the Trustees

46'’ GEORGGII m. Cap. 13?.

Id pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in"Pjf-session of such Buildings, Land1, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Burchafe, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court of Session that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by Ueafon of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Actions to b#

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints »Tth^C"C|lc ^or and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall Year at re* th* be commenced within the Space of One Year after the Penalty or For-ommltted. *e*turc is incurred, and nut afterwards.

AcTioTsK>n° k* And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, until Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk of Supply of the said County; nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; nor after Six Calendar Months after the Fast Goni:..» ted; and every such Action shall be brought before the Court of Session in Scotland, and the Defender or Defenders in such Action or Suit shall and may deny the Libel, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action and Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Ten Days Notice thereof, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Defender or Defenders shall be afioilzied; or it the Action shall be found to be irrelevant, or to be otherwise dismissed, or the Pursuer shall not prosecute the Action, or fufler the same to fall afieep, or if Judgement shall be given against the Pursuer or Pursuers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Costs cf Suit in any other Cafe.

46° GEORGII in Cap .138. ic-ct

U. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, if not directed by this Act to be' other wile levied, shall be levied by Difhefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands.of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall reside, in the Option of the Person or Persons authorized by them to levy such Didrefs; and the Pcffoils distraini'ng such Goods ^nd Chattels, are hereby authorized and empowered, after the Space of Four Days after such Didrefs shall be made and tiUeri, to lell the Goods fodif-trained by Publick Roup or Auction, at the neared Turnpike or Toll JHouse to the Place where such Didrefs shall be made, and return the Overplus-money (tfiany be) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, with the reasonable Charges of didraining, keeping, and felling the same shall be deducted and paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be applied. One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety towards carrying this Act into Execution, as the said Trustees shall direct; and where Money shall be payable for any Forfeiture or Penalty, if the Officer shall report that sufficiepc Effects for Distress cannot be found, and the Mpriey due shall jiot forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace for the County wherein the Offence shall be committed, to commit the Offender to the common Gaol, there to remAin for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Money, With thf reasonable Charges, be looner paid.

LII. And be it further enacted, That rh case any Person or Persons shall Per&ns ap-think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance ^7peai\o the of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath Quarter See. been already directed or appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for flljn8, him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at che next Quarter Sessions for the County wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or..in case the Cause of Complaint shall arise within Fifteen Days before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal may be made to the said Justices at the Secbnd Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and required to take such Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved; and, if they ice Cause, shall and may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate at their Discretion, all or any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties imposed or incurred by the said Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Cods as to them, in their Discretion, may seem proper, and may levy, by their Order or Warrant, such Cods so awarded, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame; and for Want of fuss.cient Didrefs, to commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Cods shall he made; but the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall and are hereby directed, to give Notice in Writing to the Defender, of such Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Fifteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall within Five Days alter such Notice given, lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Justices, a Bond signed by him, her, cr them, and Two sufficient Securities, obliging him [Loc. Per.'} 32 TV or

2902

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

them to profedute such Appeal; and in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall diced in that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall, at the said Quarter Sessions, be there heard and finally determined, without being subject to Advocation, Re-dudion, or Suspension.

txpencts of

LIII. And be it further enacted, That any Sum or Sums in the Hands of the Collector of the Land Tax belonging to the said County, shall be Act, Saw applied in the first Place, to defray and pay the Expence of obtaining and provided for. passing the present Act; and in case such Sum or Sums shall not be sufficient, the Deficiency shall be made up by a particular AiTeffment on the whole Heritors in the said County in the actual Possession, as Proprietors, Life-renters or proper Wadfetters, of the dominium Mile, conformably to their respective valued Rents.

Commence-

LIV. And be it further enacted, That this Adlhall commence on the merit of Act. First Day of Aitgujl One thousand eight hundred and six; and so much thereof as relates to the Assessments thereby directed to be made for making Roads and Bridges, pursuant to this and the said recited Act, shall thenceforth continue and endure for the Space of Fifteen Years: Provided always, that if the Expence of any such Road and Bridge shall not be then paid and defrayed by such AiTeffment, so much of this Act as relates thereto, shall continue and endure until such Expence shall be paid and defrayed; and so much of this Act as relates to the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue thereof, and the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, shall continue and endure for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[Publick Act.]

LV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stkahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

1

lit

ft.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

the

»th

sk-

all

y

be

its

nd

Led

mi-

the

nd

ch

lK,

r

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 139.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads, leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed, In the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening^ and keeping in Repair several Roads, leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts; which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid oft', nor can the Roads comprized in the said Acts be properly and effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, and unless some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts are altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted and continued by the $5* Per.'] 32 0 said

3 G. 3. c.

24. G. 3-c. 31.

2906

Said Acts fi ther continued.

Trustee*.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. it, g.

said Acts should be increased; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as are varied,- altered, or repealed in and by the said Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty, and in and ]>y this present Act), and also the said Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, and all the Tolls, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except lo much of the said Acts as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are_herst)y variedx altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full force and eft'eft, and' shall bfe executed fof arid durirtg the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions-'herein contained, and w!hclWhall commence and t^Ke effect from the (Jailing or this {Act; dhd this Act,- and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable <rsf well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Palmer Addend, Robert Barton, Robert Cutts Barton, Henry Down Barton; George harbor. Geo. ge Ackland Barbor, Charles Blackmore, Thomas Bird, John Dunning Baker, Benjamin Banks, Joseph Davie Bajfett, Arthur Bajfett, Chdrles Bajfett, Lewis William Buck, Richard Buck,. John Budd, Philip Budd, John Bvger, James Burke, Richard Inch don Bury, Richard Bazvdsn Clerk, Richard Bampfylde Clerk, George Burgess Clerk, Theophilus Blinsham, Samuel Bremridge Leather Dresser, George Bowdon, Benjamin day Clerk, John Palmer Chichester, John Bruce Palmer Chichester, George Chichjler, James Chichester, Robert "Bruce Chichester, Arthur Chichester, Charles Lbichester of Chittlehampton, Arthur Chichester of Hairt, Charles Chichester the younger, of Hall, Francis Chichester, Robert Chichester of Hall, Thomas Cutcliffe, John Mervin Cutcliffe, Charles Cut cliffe, George Cute life, James Copner, John Churchill Clerk, Samuel Cooke Clerk, John Cooke, Richard Pine Coffin, Charles Pine Coffin Clerk, William Churchward Clerk, William Churchward, James Colley, John Dene Clerk, Charles Davie Clerk, William Deane Clerk, the Right Honourable Hugh Fortej'eue commonly called Lord Viscount Ebrington, the Honourable John Forte/cue, the Honourable George Fortefeue, the Honourable Newton Fellowes, Philip Furfe, John Furfe, John Jnglett Fortefeue, John Fortefeue, Henry Grabble, John Gribble, William Gribble, Peter Glubb Clerk, William Gill Glubb, Thomas Grant, Robert Harding of Bishop’s Tawton, Thomas Wrey Harding, Robert Harding of Upcott, William Harding, John Harding, John Limebear Harding, David Horndon Clerk, John Hiern, Philip Hiern, Charles Hicrn Clerk, Thomas Hole Clerk, Thomas Hole, William Hole, Francis Hole, Robert Hole, Henry Hole, John Hill, John Toffcll Jchnjort Clerk, John Bur-

46? GEORGtl III. Qaptiiq. 2907

gtfs Karflike Cl elk, IV:,' m-KxrJlake Clerks Ponds Kingden, John hatp of BHTiop’s T&wton, John Lazo the younger, d homes Law. Clerk, lV\Uiam.

Law, Wiliam-Law, Thomas Ijcc, Edwa; d Lccs Rd-crt Linnirigion, Charles Leigh,' George-Ley % Richard Litchfield, Robert I.u:ton, Robert Lu^or. the yonrrger, Edtvord Thom fort May, Samuel Marshall, Thomson May, Thomas Moore, John Moore, Bout her Morfiball, John Marshall, Hugh 'hlalletti John hPalktl, Jtkmes May, Hugh Northccte Clerk, Francis Scrimes Pilcher,

John Pitts, John Palmer Clerk, Joseph Palmer Clerk, John Partridge,

Richard Prtflon, John Philips Clerk, Johm. Pyhe, John Spuriaay the younger, Qnejipborus Saunders Clerk, Humphry Waldo Sibyhorp, Coningsby Waldo Sib thorp, Charles Lelact Waldo Sibthorp, George Sfpnpngfa ILnry Sloneman, John Terr Clerk-, Jyhn Tollery Thomas Tajmr, John Tyeth, William Tucker, Charles Trefujis, George Trefujis, H,r.ryt Rent-chirr IVrey, William Long lVrey, Edward Hour chic r Wrcy, John Wrey,

Willis m Waved Doctor of P hylic,. Jo In Hickey, William WtXl'el, Stephen Wilcocks, Arthur Wavill, John wilcocks, Plenty Webber, Walter

Clerk, Charles Webber, Richard Walter, Philip Webber, William Walt eg,

Bourchier Falk Wrcy, Robert Bourchier Wrey9 John Wiltian\s, William Radford Clerk, Joseph Lane Teamans Clerk, and Denys Tenge Clerk, being qualified according to the Directions, of the said first recited ACtJ shall be. and hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be.added to and! joined with the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said several Acts for putting the fame and also this present Act in Execution, as fully and effectually, to, all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Persons herein-befoxe namtd had %>een appointed Trustees by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That jo much of the said recited Acts Certain Pnra a3 extends, or may be construed to extend, to exempting from Tolls jfetire^eied the several Articles therein mentioned, and also to Tolls payable for * '

Horses or Carriages used for drawing Timber, and so much of the said first-mentioned Act as declares that the Power thereby given to the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause to be erected One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and Toll House or Toll Houses, on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or upon, in, or across any Lane or Way leading into the fame, to prevent Persons evading the Payment of the Toils thereby granted, and there to cause to be takeij and levied such Tolls as are by the said first recited Act made payable, shall not extend to a Double Charge upon any Person passing through any other of the Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said Act; and so much of the same Act as declares that if any Person shall have paid Toll for the passing any Cattle or Beasts through any Gate or Turnpike crected by virtue of the said Act, the same Person, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, shall be permitted to pals through the fame or any other Gate or Turnpike erected by virtue of the said Act, with the fame Cattle or Beasts Toll-free at any Time or Times during the same Day; and so much of the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, as qualifies and rest rains the last mentioned Clause, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, except in respect of Carriages, or Horses, Oxen or Beasts of Draught carrying, or laden with, or empty, or going for or returning immediately after having been laden with f-ime owiy, and also except in the Cafes herein-after mentioned.

A

TV. And

2908

Granting new Toils.

DfoU£

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at every Gate (except as herein-after mentioned) already or hereafter to be erected, in lieu of those hereby repealed, of and from the Person or Persons tiling or intending any Cattle or Carriage herein-after mentioned, and that such Tolls shall (except on the returning of any such Cattle or Carriage from any Place in its Way to which Toll shall have been, on the same Day, to be computed as herein-after is mentioned, paid for the same) be paid as often at such Gate as such Cattle or Carriage shall pass, before any such Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

For every Carriage used for the Purpose of drawing or carrying Timber, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, and the Axletrees of which shall be straight, drawn by Eight Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Four Shillings j and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be (Iraight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings:

For every such Carriage, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, and the Axletrees of which shall be draight, drawn by Seven Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be draight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings:

For every such Carriage, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, and the Axletrees of which shall be draight, drawn by Five or Six Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Three Shillings; and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be draight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or ether Beads, the Sum of Twelve Shilings:

For every such Carriage, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, and the Axletrees of which shall be draight, drawn by Four Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a left Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees ot which shall not be draight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Eight Shillings:

For every such Carriage, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, and the Axletrees of which shall be draight, drawn by Three Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be draight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Five Shillings:

For

2g°9

46° GEORGII III. Cap/10.

For every such Carriage, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, the Axletrees of which shall be straight, drawn by Two. Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling; and having the Tellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than. Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which fnallnotbe straight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Three Shillings:

And for every such Carriage, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of she

Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, the Axletrees of which shall be straight, drawn by One Horse, or other Bead, the Sum of Eight Pence; and having, the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be straight, drawn by One Horse, or other Bead, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence.

Which Sum and Sums respectively shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this DouMe Tolls Ad, Double the several Tolls hereby and by the said recited Acts made 011 Suacl3>> payable shall, on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, be demanded and paid; and that all the Tolls hereby granted shall be veded

in and received by the said Trustees, and be by them paid and applied in such and the same Manner as the Tolls made payable in and by the said first mentioned Act, and not hereby repealed, are veded in them, and are directed to be by them received, paid, and applied; and that such Trustees shall have and be veded with such and the fame Powers for collecting and enforcing the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted as are given to them in and.by the said first-mentioned Act, and that the Tolls to be from henceforth payable shall (except in respect of Lime, for which Toll shall continue to be paid according to the Regulations contained in the said recited Acts) be collected and paid at all and every of the Gates or Turnpikes already or hereafter to be erected under and by virtue of the Powers in the said fird-mentioned Act contained, whether such Gates be erected aoofs or on the Sides of the said Roads (these hereinafter mentioned excepted) but not oftener, except for Carriages used for the Purpose of drawing or carrying Timber, and for which Tolls are to be paid according to the Regulations herein-before contained, than once at each Gate or Turnpike on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the next succeeding Night, for the fame Horses, Carts, or Carriages.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls to be Tolls not

from henceforth payable shall not (except for or in respect of Carriagts Jfcopai.rfTaime used for the Purpose of drawing or carrying Timber) be paid at any not

ftcond or other of the said Gates, through which any Cattle or Carriage Four Milts shall pass, howsoever fituared, unless the fame be distant Four Miles or foi^elGate* more from any other of the said Gates, at which the fame Tolls shall (except for have been immediately before on the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, paid for such Cattle or Carriage, nor in any Case, whether for Cattle or Carriages used for the Purpose of drawing or carrying Timber or otherwise, at more than the Two first Gates, distant from each other [Lot, & Per.] 3? P Four

Certain Restrict ons as t erecting of Gates, Btc.

For making certain Regulations ic-speating the Meetings of the Trustees ii their several To a ns, Icz.

Exemptions-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

Four Miles or more as aforesaid, immediately between any Two of that Towns of Barnstaple, Bideford, Chumleigh, Great Torrington, and Hather-leigh, through which any such Cattle or Carriage shall on the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, pass, the Person or Persons respectively claiming i!ie several Exemptions, producing a Note or Notes, Ticket or Tickets, denoting such Payment or Payments, which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Toils are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Gate or Turnpike (Hall, during 0 the Continuance of this Act, be erected or fee up on the Road from

Barnstaple to Chumleigh, through Burrington, nearer to the Town of Chumleigh than Twenty Feet from Week Cross towards Chumleigh, and that a Gate of Turnpike shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as conve-hiently may be, be erected and set up across some Part of the Road between the Village of Bishops Tawton and New Bridge, but shall not be continued for a longer Time than Two Years, unless it shall be found to be for the Interest of the Trust to continue it longer#

VIII. And whereas Meetings of the Trustees at the several Towns of Great Torrington and Bideford, as well as at Barnstaple> will be for the Convenience of such of the Trustees as are resident in or near those Towns, and will greatly tend to the facilitating the Discharge of the Trusts hereby and by the said former Acts created; and it will also be for the Benefit of the Trust that the Tolls arising at the several Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of the said Acts, shall be in future let or leased ar such of the Towns as are nearest the Gates, the Toll of which are to be so let or leased , be it therefore further enacted, That in future the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at lead Once avery Year in each and every of the Towns of Great Torrington and Bideford.'9 for the Purpose of enquiring into the State of and examining the Accounts relating to such Roads respectively, and that in future the Tolls arising at the Bideford Gates, shall be leased by Auction or Survey in that Town, those arising at the Great Torrington and Hatherleigh Gates, in the Town of Great Torrington; those arising at the Barnstaple Gates shall be so leased in the Town of Barnstaple aforesaid, and those arising at either of the other Gates, shall be so leased, either at Barnstaple or Chumleigh, as to the Trustees, or any Nine of them, shall at any Meeting to be holden at the Guildhall of Barnstaple from Time to Time be thought tnoft proper.

15 And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons* Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, cr any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Culm to be used in the burning of Lime, or Hay, Straw, or Com in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure ^JLimc excepted) employed in 6 Husbandry

46'‘GF.0RGII III. Cap. 139. 2911

Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of an y Farm or Lands; or for any Horses of Cattle going to or returning: from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being {hoed or fanied; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Gck Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses,

Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pcftmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Iiorfe,

Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returng from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafli, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to J'erve in Parliament for the said County of Devon, or going to or returning fr in the Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to forte in Parliament for the said Town of Barnjiaple, on the Day or Days of such Elt-dions, or on the Day before or Day after such Elections shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or colluftve Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemp ions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, eve«y such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

X. And be it further en&ded, That all Persons who by Law are or statute shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards re- labour, pairing and amending the Roads comprized in the said recited Acts, or eithtr of them, or any Parc thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hueby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done, upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors

29*2

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 139,

Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofnion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways ot every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serv-ing of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within i'ueh Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Yea*, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as as Com-poiition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effedfor the Repairs of the Publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Woik in every Year upon the said Roads as the said justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parte of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as aLabourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to wo:k on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishea or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid,

or

2913

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i$q.

or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, eve y such Surveyor lb offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or a >piiciti n agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of ., H> nci.ig the said Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to a°31* to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, feme Covert, or other Cestuique Truss, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hun !red Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be flgnified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a Summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid aflVfting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Courr, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the D vidends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (had from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be*

\Loc. fc’-TV/v] 32 longing *£ee

2QI4 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as- aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of 7’wo hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Maimer herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Art:, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so faction i/'less agree(^ or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than »ol. than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Art, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

I- cate of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Art, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, 10 order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General Of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defending the m] fub-j cl to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a

summary

2915

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

ftimmary way ol Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court frail fee to meet, to order the same to be laid out and ia vested in the Public,v Funds* and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Inrerell of the Per.

Ion or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Prernifes as to the said Court ffyaH seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby r.quired to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fptcifving for what arrd for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as, aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any where my Qwrltion shall a/ife touching the Title of any Person to any Money to bej

paid into the B;nk of England in the Name and with the Privity of the the Title t,8 Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance if this Money ro Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or peiions’who of any Estate, Right, or Inrerell in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredira- ^hbejn tvf. merits, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, jlanlTat the* or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Time cf such Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons Efbe^deem-who shall have been inPoffeflion of fmh Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- «i entitled taments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, such pdfleri’ shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fhovvn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fotnc other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by rea- The Court of son of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpo- chancery may ration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur- a!iie Expel,ce« chafed under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the of Purchas Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court Jhe TrustcM. of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the Lid recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or lo much of such Expences as the Laid Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences forpaying<hc incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be defrayed out of any of the Monies already teceived, or out of the fnft

Monies

2916

PuMick Ac:

Commencement and Di ration of it.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

Monies which shall arise or be received by virtue of the said A£U or of this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the parting thereof, and shall, together with the said Acts, continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. too?.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*dMf*)Mt ft*»JM*<Mt4*H|t*JMt*

Cap. 140.

An Act for appointing new Trustees of certain Estates in the County of Lincoln; and for authorizing the Application of Part of the Rents and Profits thereof, and of other Estates, towards the Augmentation of the Stipends of the Curates of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley, in the County of York, and for appointing another Assistant Curate of the said Church; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in Act 6 Geo. j. the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, and to enable them to appropriate the Rents and Profits thereof; and also certain Sums of Money, (subject to the 7rufts de- of dared by the Will of Sir Michael Warton Knight, deceased,) for the Augmen. »i Elia. tation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church 5/Saint John in Beverley, in the County of York -, and for erefiing an Organ in the said Church-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; reciting, that by Letters [Loc. 1st Per.] 3 tR Patent

2<)i$ 46° GEORGII III.; Cap. 140.

Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster, thfi Second Day of July in the Twemy-firn: Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth^ Her fard Majesty did. give and grant to the Mayor, Governors, and Burgesses of the Tdtfrn of Bevertey in the County of York, certain Chauntries, Lands, Tenements, aftd Rents, to hold to the proper Ule. and Behoof of them the said Mayof, Governors, and Burgesses, and their Successors, for the Maintenance and Reparation of the Fabric of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley, for ever, to be holden of Her said Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as of Her Manor of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, in free and common tVifl of Sir Socage: And also reciting that Sir Michael War ton of Beverley aforesaid

Wvtoft, Knight, deceased, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date 13d May 1714. on or about the Twenty-third Day of May One thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, gave Four thousand Pounds to be a perpetual Fund to keep in good Repair the Minster of Bevertey aforesaid, to be under the Direction of the Archbishop of York, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of York, and the Mayor and Recorder of Beverley aforesaid, for the Time being; and that the said Testator, by his laid Will* also gave One thousand Pounds to augment the Hospital founded by Michael Warton El'quire, his (the Testator’s) then late Father, deceased, in Beverley aforesaid, and Five hundred Pounds to the Chanty School there; the said Two last Gifts to be under the Direction of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder of Beverley, Mr. Richard Burton, and Mr. Robert Fotberby, and appointed Sir Michael Newton Knight of the Bath, foie Order*in Executor of his said Will: And also reciting, that, by an Order made by ofr the High Court of Chancery bearing Date on or about the Eighteenth and 6th July, Day of February, in the 'Twelfth Year of the Reign of His then late Mass. Geo. 1. jesty King George the First, mi the hearing of a Cause then depending in the said Courr, wherein His then Majesty's Attorney General (at the Relation of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John in Beverley a to re-laid, and of the Archbishop of York, the Dean and Chapter at the Cathedral Church of York, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder of Beverley afofresaid, and of Richard Barton and Robert Fotberby Gentlemen) was Plaintiff, and the said Sir Michael Ntaoton was Defendant; and by a subsequent Order made by the said Courr, bearing Date on or about the Sixth Day of July, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His laid then late Majesty King George the First, it Was (amongst other Things) ordered and decreed that the said Sir Michael Newton should (with the Approbation of Mr. Holford One of the Mailers of the said Court, and of the Archbishop of York, the Dean and Chapter of York, and Mayor and Recorder of Beverley for the Time being) lay cut the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance in the Names of such Persons as the said Archbishop, Dean and Chapter of YorJt^ and Mayor and Recorder of Beverley for the Time being, should nominate; and that the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Lands so to be purchased, should be applied in keeping in perpetual good Repair the fan! late Collegiate Church or Minster of Beverley, and be paid as the lame should accrue, to the Four Churchwardens of the said Church for the Time being, called or reputed to be Churchwardens lor Stunt Martin's Parish, within the Town of Beverley, who were to be under the Directions of the said T*uf* tees, and to account annually to them; and if at the Time of their aff couoting the re should appear to be any Money remaining in their Hands

they

46° GEORGII If I. Cap. 140*

they weffe' to pay over the fame td the facceeding Churchwardens, or place the fame out at Ititerest By the DistSion and Appointment of the said Trustees, subject to the Trulls in the said Testator’s Will; and as to the Sum of One thousand Pounds given to augment the said Hospital, it was ofdcred, that a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and nicy Pounds shoulcf be paid by the said Sir Michael flewtort to the Relators, to be laid out by them in an additional Building to the said Hospital , and that the Refidtie of the said One thousand Pounds should be laid out in Lands, and the Rents thereof applied in Augmentation of the said Hospital; and aS to the Five hundred Pounds devised to the said Charity School, it was ordered, that the fame should be laid out in Lands for the Use of the said School: And also reciting, that by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date oh or about the Twentieth and Twenfy-first Days of July, in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the $econd, the Release being made or mentioned to be made, between Richard Fy'deft Esquire of the First Part , Simon Micbell Esquire, and Peter Wycbt Elqtnre and Elizabeth his Wife and Mary Brown Widow, of the Second Part j Susannah Archer Widow of the Third Part; William Burton, Francis Applcyard, and Richard Worfop Esquires of the Fourth Part; and Richard Burton hlquire, a Trustee nominated on the Behalf of the Churchwardens of Sains Martin's Parish, within the said Town of Beverley, of the Fifth Part; the said Release reciting, that, fifice the making of the said Order, the said Sir Michael Newton had departed this Life, and the said Susannah Archer had obtained Letters of Administrdtion of his Personal Estate* and that the said Cause Rood revived against her; and that (he, pursuant to the said Order, had paid all Imereti incurred due to the Day of the Date of the said Indenture of Release in respect of the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds so bequeathed for repairing the said Minder as aforesaid, which Sum of Four thousand Pounds, together with the Two several Sums of Five hundred Pounds and Seven hundred and fifty Pounds in the said Indenture of Release mentioned to have been bequeathed by the said Sir Michael Warton for the other charitable Purposes aforesaid remained to be laid out in Lands of Inheritance pursuant to the said Orders j and that the said Relators having laid a Propcfal before the said Matter for inverting the fa'.d Three Sums, making together Five thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, in the Purchase of the Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said Release after mentioned, which, with Two hundred and four Pounds Eleven Shillings (agreed to be borrowed for the completing the said Purchase of the said Churchwardens of Saint Martin's Parish, in Beverley aforesaid, out of the Interest of the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds bequeathed by the said Will for the Repairs of she said Minder, and not already applied for that Purpose, but then remaining in the Hands of the said Churchwardens) made together the Sum ot Five thousand four hundred and fifty-four Pounds Eleven Shillings, the said Master had by his Report bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of May then lad, made in the said Cause, wherein His Majesty's Attorney General was Plaintiff, and the said Susannah Archer by Bill of Revivor was Defendant, approved of the said Proposal; and by an Order made by the said Court the Fifth Day of the said Month of July, it was, at the Iiiftance of the several Relators in the said Cause (amongst other Thing!] ordered that the said Three principal Sums (making together Five thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds) should be paid and Said out \ by

2919

Indenture* of aoth and aitt July,ia Geo. t;

2920

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

by the said Susannah Archer in the Purchase of the Estate in the said Maker’s Report mentioned (being the Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments in the said Indenture of Release, and the now reciting Ad particularly describ.'c') in the Names of the said William Burton, Francis Appleyard, and Richard Worfop, Trustees, nominated and appointed by the said Rela* tors for that Purpose-, and that the Sum of Two hundred and tour Pounds Eleven Shillings, Part of the Inte'rest in hand of the said principal Sum of Four thousand Pounds, should be applied to complete the said Purchase, and, with Interest for the fame, should be charged on the said Estate, with Liberty to raise and replace the same as Occasion might require: All that the Manor or Lordship of Dalby in the County of Lincoln, with the Appurtenance^ thereunto belonging, and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein particularly described, situate, lying, and being in the several Parishes, Precincts, or Territories of Dalby, Dex-thorpe, Langtn, Over Toynton, Nether Toynton, Alishy other wise Ulfeby, Rathby, Hallington, Fotheiington, and Partney, in the said County of Lincoln y were allured, settled, limited, and conveyed to the several Uses, and upon the Trusts, and subject to the several Declarations and Agreements therein and in the now reciting Ad after expressed and declared of and concerning the same; (that is to say), as for and concerning the said Messuages, Cott ges. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Partney aforesaid, to the Use of the said Richard Burton, a Trustee nominated by and on the Behalf of the Churchwardens of Saint Martin's Parish in Beverley aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand two hundred Years, without Impeachment of Waste, subject to a Proviso in the said Indenture of Release after contained for Redemption of the said Premises in Partney aforesaid, on Payment by the said William Burton, Francis Appleyard, and Richard Worfop, or any of them, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to the said Richard Burton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in T uft: as aforesaid, of the Sum of Two hundred and four Pounds Eleven Shillings, with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of Four Pounds by the Year for each One hundred Pounds, on the Twenty-first Day of January then next; and as for and concerning the said Manor of Dalby, and all other the Hereditaments and Premises therein before mentioned and not therein-fcefore expressed to be limited to any particular Use; and also as to and concerning the said Hereditaments and Premises before mentioned to be limited to the said Richard Burton for the said Term of One thousand two hundred Years from and after the Expiration or other sooner Determination of the said Term, to the Use of them the said William Burton, Francis Appleyard, and Richard Worfop, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, subject nevertheless and upon the Trust in the said Indenture of Release after mentioned: And alfu reciting in the said Act, that it was by the said Indenture of Release further witnessed and declared, that the said Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments before mentioned to be thereby released, had been and were purchased in Manner aforesaid by the said Susannah Archer the Representative of the said Sir Michael Newton, subject to the said Term of One thousand two hundred Years, in pursuance of the said Orders or Decrees, in the Names of the said William Burton, Francis Appleyard, and Richard Worfop, by and with the Approbation of the said Master, and of the said several Trustees; ami that ihe respective Parts of the said Premises before mentioned to be

2921

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1*0.

limited in use to the said Richard Burton should in the first Place be subject to and chargeable w«h the bad Sum of Two hundred and four Pounds Eleven Shillings, and the Interest thereof ac.Four per Centum, in Trust for the said Four Churchwardens of Scant Martin's Parish aforesaid for the Time being, in the Manner before mentioned, and subjrdt to the said Mortgage for the said Two hundred and four Pounds Eleven Shillings, and the In weft thereof* that it was thereby declared that the Rents,

Issues, and Profits of all and singular the said purchased Manor and P/e-niifcs should be from thenceforth received, paid, and applied, and accounted for according to the said Orders or Decrees of the Court of Chancery, and be divided and apportioned to the said several Charitrea in proportion to the Money arising from and belonging to each of the said Legacies or Charities; (that is to say), the whole clear Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, after deducing the necessary Costs and Charges relating to the said Trust, should be divided into Twenty-one equal Parts and Shares, and Two of such Parts or Shares thereof should be applied for the said Charity School, and Three other of such Parts or Shares thereof applied for the said Hospital, and the remaining Sixteen Parts or Shares, applied for keeping the said Minster in perpetual good Repair: Alfore- Deaths of citing in the said Act, that the said Francis Appleyard, William Burton, and *rp"‘ard> Richard War fop were all then dead, the said Richard Worfop having been Wm. Burton, the Survivor, and having left Ann Barnard a Lunatick his Heir at "JHijehard Law: Alio reciting in the said Act, that the Chauntrics, Lands, Tene- St»te°vf meats, and Rents before mentioned to have been granted by the said Revenue* in Letters Patent for the Maintenance and Reparation of the Fabric of the ,j66‘ said late Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley aforesaid, had for some Years then last produced a yearly Revenue of Two hundred and seventy-oqe Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, or thereabouts, the Surplus whereof, or of so much thereof as had been necessary (after a Deduction for Taxes, free Rents, Repairs of Houses, and other usual Outgoings) had been aplied from Time to Time according to the Trusts expressfed in the said Lettera Patent, and that the annual Rent or Produce of the said Sixteen Parts or Shares of the Lid Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, purchased as therein mentioned, in pursuance of and upon the Trusts directed and declared by the Will of the said Six Michael War Lon, and of the said Orders of the Court of Chan* eery, together with the annual Produce of the Estate therein (and herein) after mentioned to have been purchased, then was Two hundred and one Pounds Eleven Shillings and NinepenceHalfpenny, which, after an Allowance of the Land-Tax at Four Shillings in the Pound, and a yearly free Rent of four Pounds Sixteen Shillings issuing the reout, left annually a clear Surplus of One hundred and sixty-one Pounds Six Shillings and One Halfpenny; and lo much thereof as was necessary had been applied and disposed of in Performance and Execution of the last mentioned Trusts and Orders; but forasmuch as the clear Income or Revenue of both the said Estates had been considerably more than sufficient for the Maintenance and Repairs of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster, a large annual Saving had accrued since the Death of the said Sir Michael Warton, put of the Imereft of the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and out of the Rems and Profits of the said Sixteen Parts or Shares of the said Manor,

JLapds, and Hereditaments so purchased as aforesaid respectively: Also 6jol. investei fcciting in the said Act, that in order that the Money so accrued might mLands*. [Loc. b* Per.j 33 S not

29 2 2

46<‘ GEORGII III. Cap. i^o.

not remain useless, it had some Time since been thought expedient to invest Six hundred and thirty Pounds, Part thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments lying in the Township of Dalby and Dexthorpe aforesaid, and that accordingly by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Fitch and Sixth Days of Aprils in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, the Release being made between the Reverend Joseph Brackenbury Clerk, and Elizabeth his Wife; of the one Part, and James Pennyman Esquire, and the above ium?d Richard Burton, of the other Part; in consideration of Six hundred and thirty Pounds, paid to the said Joseph Brackenbury, by the said James Pennyman and Richard Burton, several other Cioles, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, an j being in Dalby and Dexthorpe aforesaid, with their Appurtenances, were granted and conveyed to and to the Use of the said James Pennyman ard Richard Burton, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon the Trusts following*, (that is to say), upon Trust that the Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the said Cloics, Lands, and Premises last mentioned, should be from Time to Time, and at all Times thenceforth received, paid, and applied to and for the Purpose of keeping in perpetual good Repair the Minster \n Beverley aforesaid, according to the said last Will of Sir Michael Warton deceased, and in the Pursuance of the said several Orders or Decrees of the said Court of 7f «d ouSn1 Chancery obtained as aforesaid \ Aifo reciting in the said Act, that the A%nment°«n Sum of Seven hundred and sixty Pounds, other Part of the Money saved of Toll*. and accrued from the Rents and Profits of the said Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, at Dalby and Dexthorpe aforesaid, had been placed out at Interest upon an Assignment of the Tolls granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from Whirecross, in the Parsh of Leven, in Holdernels, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said Countyj and that the further Sum ot Three hundred Pounds, other Part of the Money so saved as aforesaid, had been or was agreed to be placed out at Interest upon an Assignment of the Tolls granted by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cow bridge, in the County of Lincoln$ and also that the further Sum of Three hundred and shirty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nincpence Halfpenny, the Residue of the said Money, then remained in the Hands of the several Receiveis of the Rents and Profits of the said Trust Estate, which said several Sums of Six hundred and thirty Pounds, Seven hundred and sixty Pound?, Three hundred Pounds, and Three hundred and thirty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nincpence Halfpenny, together with the said principal Sum of Two hundred and four Pounds Eleven Shillings, remaining due upon the above-mentioned Mortgage of the Premises at Partney aforesaid, made together the Sum of Two thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds Five Shillings and Ninepence Halfpenny, which was the full Amount of the Money accrued from the Savings and Produce of the said Benefaft:on of Four thousand Pounds, so left by the said Sir Michael [Varton's Will, Fabricfinhe keeping Minster in good Repair: And also reciting in the said

1766. now reciting Act, that from an accurate Survey then lately taken of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster of Beverley aforef.nd, the Fabric thereof appeared to be in such perfect and iubftantialRepair, that there was

great

Indenture# of 5th and ith April 176}.

2923

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

great Reason to believe the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises therein-before mentioned to have been granted by Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, would fully answer, defray, and make good every probable Expence which might attend the future Support and Reparation of the said Fabric: It was enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April Onethoufand seven hundred and sixty-six, all that the said Manor of Da.by, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and all and singular the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments before mentioned to have been granted and conveyed by the said several Indentures of Lease and Release bearing Date respectively the Twentieth and Twenty-first Days of July in the said Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth and Sixth Days of April One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, or any of them, and the said Term ot Twelve hundred Years, and all Money due thereon, and also the several Sums of Seven hundred and sixty Pounds, Three hundred Pounds, Three hundred and thirty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nineperce Halfpenny, and Two hundred and four Pounds Eleven Shillings, therein above mentioned, together with all Interest due for the fame, and the Securities by which the fame were made payable, should be wholly divtfted out of the several Persons in whom the fame Premises were severally veiled in and by the several Ways and Means therein-before mentioned, and that the fame should be settled upon and veiled in, and the fame were thereby from thenceforth settled upon and veiled in, William Weddell of Newby in the County of York, Esquire, and Beaumont Hotham, of the Inner Temple, London, Esquire, (now the Honourable Sir Beaumont Hotham Knight) their resptdive Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, in Manner following, that is to say, the Freehold Reversion and Inheritance in Fee Simple of and in the said Manor of Da/by, with it« Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances, and all and every the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized in the said several before mentioned Indentures of Lease and Reieale, should be and remain vested in him the said William Weddell and his Heirs upon the Trulls therein-after mentioned; and that the said Term of Twelve hundred Years and the Money due thereon, and the said several other principal Sums of Seven hundred and sixty Pounds, Three hundred Pounds, and Three hundred and thirty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, with the Interest thereof, and the Securities for which the fame were made payable, should be vested in the said Beaumont Hotham, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, on the Trulls therein-after mentioned j that is to say, upon Trull, in the first Place, for defraying and paying the Charges and Expences attending the passing of the now reciting Ad, and subject thereto, upon Trull, that they the said William Weddell and Beaumont Hotham, and the Survivor of them, and the respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor, should yearly and every Year receive and take the Rents, I flues. Profits, and Produce, as well of the said Manor, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, as of the said Sum and Sums of Money, Funds, and Securities thereby respectively velted in them as aforesaid, as the fame should from Time to Time become due and payable, and should there-ouc pay, dedud, and allow from Time to Time such Sum and Sums of Moneyas they the said Archbishop, Dean, and Chapter, Mayor and Recorder of Beverley, and their Successors for the Time being, should judge proper

CJauff s of Act 6 Geo. 3.

2924 4* GEORGII III. Cap. 14o.

and necessary to lay out and expend in supporting, maintaining, building, and keeping in sufficient and tenantable Repair, the several Messuages, Farm Houses, and Premises, thereby vested in them the said Trustees as aforesaid, and in paying and defraying the proper and necessary Taxes, Allowances, and Expences, in collecting and getting in of the lame, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences which the said Trustees, their Heirs, or Assigns, should or mighty from Time to Time be necessarily pur unto, or lay out or expend, in, about, or anyway relating to the said several Premises so thereby vested in them ia Trust as aforesaid, or in or about the Management, Direction, Support, Preservation, or Dipoial thereof and that after such Payments, Allowances,-and Deductions as aforesaid, and subject thereto, then as to and concerning the said Five Parts, the Whole into Twenty-one equal Parts, to be divided of the said Manor* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized in the said Indentures of Lease and Release, of the Twentieh and Twenty*first Days of July in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His laid late Majesty, upon Trust that he the said William Weddell, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, did from Time to Time pay, apply, and d fpofeof the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Five Parts, for and towards the Support of the said Charity School and Hulpital respectively, in such Proportions and in such Manner as in ti e laid last mentioned Indenture of Release were expressed and declared c nc rn-ing the fame; and as to and concerning the remaining S x:ecn Pairs of the fame Premises, and also as to and concerning the Mtffu^ges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Iodenion-s of Lease and Release of the Fifth and Sixth Days of April One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, upon Trust that the said William Wedaelly his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, did from T.me to Time apply and dispose of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the lain Sixteen Parts, and of the Premises lait mentioned, or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Archbishop, Dean, and Chapter of York* Mayor and Recorder of Beverley, or their Successors for the Time being respectively, or the major Part of them should think necessary or expedient, and in that Behalf direct, for and towards the keeping the said Collegiate Church or Minster in perpetual good Repair, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Will of the said Sir Michael War ten: And it was lurther enacted, that, from and after the Fifth Day of July nexe after the passing of the now reciting Ad, it should be lawful for the said William Weddell and Beaumont Hotbam, and the Survivor of them, and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and he and they 1 was and were thereby directed by and out of the Residue and Overplus of the said Rents, Issues, Profits, and Produce of the said several Premises thereby vested in them as aforesaid, yearly and every Year to pay and allow to the Minister or Curate of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster of Beverley aforesaid, and his Successors, Curates, or Ministers of the said Church for the Time being, and also to the Afiillanc Curate of the said Church, and his Successors, Assistant Curates of the lame Church for the Time being, the several yearly Sums therein-afttr mentioned , (that is to say), to f.he laid Minister or Curate and hia Successors for the Time being, the Sum of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and to the said Assistant Curate and his Successors for the Time being, the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds of like lawful Money, as an Augmentation to each 9 of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

#f their then respective Stipends or Salaries, clear of all Deductions of Abatements whaiioever; such several annual Sums ol Fifty Pounds and Twrri»y-five Pounds to be paid to the said Curates and their Succrfiors respectively, by Four equal quarterly Payments, the Kir(t whereof was ro be made at the Feast of Saint John the Bjpt.ft, next after the p-fli ig of the now recirirg Ad; and subject thereto, it was fun her enacted, H at the said Ttuftets should pay, apple, arid dispose of so much of the R fidue nd Overplus or the said Rents, lflucs, and Profits which should then rem in> as the said Archbishop, Dean, and Chapter, Mayor and Recorder, and their Successors for the Time bring respectively should chink proper, and In that Behalf direct, for the purchasing and erecting an Organ, to be placed and for ever aftenVa.ds to remain, be suppoited, repaired, and maintained in the said late Collegiate Church or Minster of Beverley aforesaid; and upon this further Trust yearly and every Year to pay and allow unto such proper Person, as should from Time to Tune be appointed and nominated by the said Archbishop, Dean, and Chapter, Mayor and Recorder, and their Successors for the Time being, to be and to officiate and perform, as the Organist of the said late Collegiate Church cr Minftei* a yearly Sum not exceeding Forty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever; and it was provided and further enacted, that from and after such Payments,

Deductions, and Allowarccs as aforesaid, in case there should then be any Surplus of the Rents, Issues, and P-ofits of the said several Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, and the Interest and Produce of the said several Sums of Money thereby velted in them, the said William Weddell and Beaumont Holham as aforesaid, then they the said William Weddell and Beaumont Hot ham. and the Survivor of them, and the respective Heirs,

Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor, should from Time to Time when and so often as such Surplus or Savings should amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, layout and invest the fame in Government or other fufHeienc Securities; and pay and apply the Interest and Produce thereof* to and for such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purpoirs, as the Kents and Profits of the said several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament!, and the Interest and Produce of the said several Sums of Money, were by the now reciting Ad before directed to be paid and applied: present State And whereas the Chauntrie*, Lands, Tenements, and Renrs before- &rTthue* mentioned to have been granted by the Letters Patent of Her late Majesty Vlixa!1*

C^iieen Elizabeth, for the Maintenance and Reparation of the Fabtic to Letter*

the said late Code^iate Church of Saint John of Beverley, and which are 14rent‘ particularly described in the Fuft Schedule to this Act, cio now produce a yearly Revenue of Five hundred and twenty-eight Pounds Twelve:

Shillings and Nine-pence or thereabouts, and the annual Expenditure for the Support of the Fabr c of the said ia^e Collegiate Church or Minster, and for the Salaries of Officers and other Contingencies, hath not, upon an Average of the last Seventeen Years, exceeded the yearly Su n of Two hundred and twenty-f. ur Pounds Two Shillings and Eigh’-pence Farthing, as appears by the lad First Schedule, which Sum of Two hundred and twenty-iour Pounds Two Shillings and Eight-pence Fa:thine, being deduded from the said yeatly Sum of Five hundred and twenty--ighc Pounds Twelve Shillings and N" e-pence, leaves an arnual Surplus of Three hundred and four Pounds Ten Shillings and Thice Farthings:

And whereas the Fund anlcn from the Savings of the said Estates [Loc. df Per.^ 32 T granted

2926-

Pr-sent State

ot K'vea es den*e'd undtr S r Mic ael V artun'a W«l.

Present 5ta*e cffabiic.

Minftrr, the o ily Church for St. John’s

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14K

granted by tnr laid Leuers Patent, consists of the following Particulars* namely, the Sum of Three hundred and ninety-five Pounds in the Hands of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Beverley aforesaid; the Sum of One hundred Pounds placed out at Intered upon an Afilgnment of the Tolls of the Turnp ke Road leading from Beverley to Kendall House in the said County of York\ the further Sum of One hundred Pounds placed out at Intered upon an Alignment of the Tolls of die Turnpike Road leading fro.;. Beverley to Hejsle in the County of the Town of Kings ton-upon-Hull; Five hundred and two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Bank Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, and Three hundred and sixty Pounc s Old South Sea Annuities respectively, {landing in the Nimesof the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Beverley aforesaid; An ' whereas the present clear yearly Rents or Produce (after deducing the La dTx and the Out-rent mentioned in che laid recited Act) of the said S x een Pa‘is or S tares of the said Manor, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, purchased in pursuance of the Will of the said Sir Michael Warton a- he ein-before mentioned, and of the said Lands, Tenements, and Herediramems, purchased with the Sum of Six hundred and thirty Pounds, (Pet of the Savings or Surf lus of the Rents and Profits of the Lid Six een Parts or Shares as aforesaid), amount together to the Sum of Three hundred and twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Nine-pence, and are mo^e particularly specified in the Second Schedule to this Act: And whereas the annual Payments or Allowances made by or out of the said Sum of Three hundred and twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and N n^pence in pursuance of the said recited Act, are Fifty Pounds to the Minilhr or Curate of the said late Collegiate Church or Min Her, Twenty-five Pounds to the Affidaut Curate of the f-me Church or Minder, Forty Pounds to the Organilt thereof, and Twenty-onc Pounds to a Receiver of the Rents and Profits of the said Estates and Premises j which said several Sums lait mentioned making together the Sum of One hundred and thirty-six Pounds, being de^ufted from the said Sum of Three hundred and twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Nine-pence, leave a clear annual Surplus of One hundred and eighty-seven Pounds Six Shillings and Nine-pence: A d whereas the said Sum of Seven hundred and sixty Pounds in the la 1 recited Act mentioned to have been placed out at Interest; upon an Afilgnment of the Tolls granted by the said Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from Whitecross to Beverley aforesaid, hath been since called in ami received, and the Savings or Surplus Monies which have accrued from rhe.Rents and Profits of the said lait-mentioned undivided Parts or Shares, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, nowconfiltof One thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, (landing in the Name of the said Sir Beaumont Hot bam aifoof Five hundred Pounds Sterling, due and owing from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Beverley aforesaid j and of the said Sum of Three hundred Pounds in the Lid recited Act mentimied to have been placed out at Interest; upon an Assignment of the Tolls of the said Road from Alford to Boston> and from thence to Cowbridge in the County of Lincoln: And whereas the Fabric of the said late Coilegiate Church or Mtnller of Beverley aforesaid is in good and substantial Repair: And whereas the said late Collegiate Church cr Minder is now the only Church for the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint John and Saint Martin in Beverly aforesaid: And whereas the said Parish of Saint John confids of Seven Town ships

contiguous

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

contiguous or rear to the Town of Beverley aforesaid, and the said Parish of Saint Mart n comprises nearly Half of the Town of Beverley aforesaid; and since the pairing of the said recited Act of Parliament, the Population of the said Parishes has been much increased:

And whereas the M.n fter or Curate of the said late Collegiate Church. iVefe-t Tr« or Minster doth not, from any Funds appropr ated to his Life, 3nd which c"Se°niij yield a certain Income receive more in the VVhole for officiating therein Assistant than the ycarlySumofOie hundred and thirty-five Pounds a-.d Sixteen Shi!- Cu,atc< lings, or thereabouts, and the Assistant Curate of the fame Church or Mmftef doth not from any such Fun as aforesaid, with the Addition of Surplice Fees, receive, on an Average, more in the Whole for efficiating therein than the yearly Sum of Hlty-five Pounds Five Shillings, or thereabouts

And whereas in consequence of the great Increase of late Years in the inefficiency Price of all the necessary Articles of Life, and from other Cause*, the st^cf'[f8nt said Stipends or Salar.es of the Miniftrr or Curate of the said lateCollegiate Church or Minster, and of the Assistant Curate of the lame Church or Minster, are become too small and inconsiderable, and do not afford a sufficient Provision for the said Curates: And whereas the present Lotd p-oposed Archbishop of Tort, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of 'n5rei,e °£ Yorkr, the Mayor and Recorder of Beverley aforesaid, and the Mayor, tlrCm s* c' Aldermen, and Burgesses of Beverley aforesaid, have confideicd that, in the Stead of suffering the Whole of the Savings or Surplus of the said several Estate?, Funds, and Premises merely to accumulate, the pious and charitable Views and Intentions of Her said late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and the said Sir Michael War ton, would be more effectually carried into Execution by appropriating Part of the Rents of the said Estates, in Payment of sufficient Scipends or Salaries to One Minister or Curate of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster, and to Two Assistant Curares of the fame Church or Minster, and by directing Prayers to be read Twice every Day in the Year in the said late Collegiate Church or Minster

And whereas the said First Schedule contains a Statement of the ad-, EUmated ditional Payments or Allowances herein-after directed or authorized to be paid out of the annual Surplus of the yearly Revenue of the Estates after passing granted by the said Letters Patenr, which additional Payments or Allow-. otthcAa. ances amounting to the yearly Su n of One hundred and thirty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence, being deducted from the aforesaid Sum of 1 hree hundred and four Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Farthings, leave an ultimate annual Surplus of One hundred and sixty-seven Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthings:

And whereas the said. Second Schedule contains a Statement of live additional Payments or Allowances herein-after directed to be paid out of the annual Surplus of the yearly Revenue of the Eft ites derived under the Donation of the said Sir Michael War ton, which additional Payments or Allowances amounting to the yearly Sum of One hundred and seventeen Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence, being deduced from the aforesaid Sum of One hundred and eighty-seven Pounds Six Shillings and Nine-pence, leave an ultimate annual Surplus of Sixty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three-pence; and the fame ultimate annual Surplus cf Sixty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three-pence, being added to the said other ultimate annual Surplus of One hundred and ffxty seven Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthing?, make together One aggregate ultimate annual Surplus of Two hundred and thirty-ieven Pounds One

2928

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

Shilling and Nine-penceThree Farthings, as appearsbythe said Second Sche-?l"\Vessel!: w^ercas the kid William Wedded died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, withouc Issue imestate, as to the legal Estate of the Hereditaments, which were vc fled in hi n the fai<S William Weddell as aforesaid lravirg Margaret Weddell of Sackville Street, Piccadilly, in the County of Middlesex, Spi liter, his only Sifter ana Heir at Law; and (he the said Mirgartt Weddell and also the said Sir Beaumont Hcwam are conf-nring to resign the Trusts repoiedin them by or un.itr the said recited Act of Parliament; and it therefore becomes expedient, that new Trustees should be appointed for performing the said I rusts, and carry ng info Execution the Intentions and Purposes aforesaid: But inalmuch as thd several Porp- fes yfoielaid, cannot becffe&ed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament , Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subj-.ds the most Reverend William Lord Archbishop of York, the very Reverend George Markham., the Dean, and the Chapter of the Cathedral Church of York, John Lockwood Esquire the Mayor, and Robert CJborne Esquire the Recorder of Beverley aforesaid, and the Mayor, Adeim n, and Burge His of Beverley aforesaid, do most humbly bel'eech Your Majesty that it may be en ded; and be it enacted by the K>ng*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present SvJ'wrtonal Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and fund/vcited after the p ‘fling of this Act, all that the said Manor of Dalby, with the TxuSle Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and 1U ali and finguLr the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments

herein-before ment oned 10 have been granted and conveyed by the said several Indentures of Lcale and Rclrease, of the lwentieih and Twenty-first Days of July in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George ihe Secoild, (being the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven.) and the Fifth and Sixth Days oi yiprt I One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and by the said recited Act of Parliament, vested in the said William Wedaell as aforesaid, shall, as to the Freehold and Inheritance thereof, be wholly divested out of the said Margaret Weddell and her Heirs, and be settled upon and vested in, and the lame . are hereby from henceforth settled upon and vested in the Archbishop

of York for the Time being, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church ot York for the Time being, the Mayor of Beverley aforesaid for tre Time being, and the Recoider of Beverley aforesaid for the Time being, and their Success^rs for ever, upon the Trusts and for the Intents and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared.

The Stipends

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of C^1S the present Stipend or Salary of the Curate or Minister of the mente«i and laid late Collegiate Church or Minster of Beverley shall be augmented by ai cl? a^ing thereto the yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be payable out of the rate to be ap- Funds, and in the Proportions herein-after mentioned and also that pouted. within Six Calendar Months from and after the passing of this Act, One additional Assistant Curate shall be appointed to officiate in the Lid iate CollegiateChurch or Minster, and the Stipend or Salary so received by the present Assistant Curate as aforesaid (including Surplice Fees) shall then be equaly divided between the Two Assistant Curates-, and the foither yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty-four Pounds Fifteen Shilling's to

be

46° GEORGII til. Cap. 146. 2 929

be payable out of the Funds, and in the Proportions herein-after mentioned, shall a!f» be allowed to and equally divided between the said Two Assistant Curates.

III. And be it fuftbef enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Propor?io»of the said Mayer, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and their SiKCrffors. and they SripendlfSo are hereby authorised and directed by and out of die Kents, IiTues, and charged on the Profits of the Chauntries, Lands, Tenements, and Kents so hertin- fender qUbm* b.fore mentioned to have been granted by the said Letters Patent as sitr-abcth’i aforesaid, to pay and allow yearly and every Year to the Curate or Patent;

Minister of the said late Collegiate Church or Minfier of Beverley, and his Successors, Curates or Ministers of the said Church for the Time bring, the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, (being one equal Half-part of the Lid Sum of Fifty Pounds, herein-before dirtcled to be paid in Augmentation of the Stipend or Salary of the said Curate or Minister), and also to pay and allow yearly and every Year to the Two Assistant Curates of the said Church, and their Successors, Assistant Curates of the lame Church for the Time being, in equal Moieties, the Sum of Ninety-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence of like lawful Money, (being one equal Half-patt of the said Sum of One hundred and eighty four Pounds and Fifteen Shillings* hrrein-befofe dirttted to be paid to the said Assistant Curates in addition to the Stipend or Salary now received by the present Assistant Curate), such icveral annual Sums of Twenty-five Pounds and Ninety-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence to be paid to the said Curate and Assistant Curates and their Successors respectively, clear of all Deductions or Abatements whatsoever, by Four equal quarterly Payments, at the Four mofl usual Feafls or Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say), on the Feafr the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint jQhn the Baptist;, the Feafl of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Birth of our Lord Christ; the First quarterly Payment of which Lid Sum of Twenty-five’Pounds, to be made at such of the Feafls aforesaid as shall first happ,en next after the passing of this Act, and the First quV’tcriy Payment ot IheMcietyof the said Sum of Ninety-two Pounds Seven Sh llirfgs*apd Sixpence, hereby directed to be paid to the present Aflitlanc Curate, to be made at such of the Feafls aforesaid as shall first happen next sftef the p>fling of this Act , and the first quarterly Payment of the remaining Moiety of the said Sum of Ninety-two Pounds Seven Shillings and SiXo&ce',' hereby directed to be paid to the Lid additional Affiilant Curate, to be made at such of the Feafrs aforesaid as shall first happen after the Appointment of the Lid additional Assistant Curate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and of

for the said ArchbifhcpotJ'VrL the said Dean 3nd Chapter of the Cathedral stipendif&c. Church of York, and the Mayor and Recorder of Bevaley for the Time being, and their Sucressors, and they are hereby authorized and directed UndeJ Si* by and Out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits, of the Lid several Eftaresv Michael War-and Premises, so hereby vested in them as aforesaid, to pay and allow lon vv'11* yearly and every Year to the Curate or Minister of the said late Collegiate Church or Minfier of Beverley, and his Successors, Curates or Ministers of the said Church for the Time being, the Sum ot Twenty* five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain (Ndrg the other or [Lot. & Per.} 32 U remaining

2930

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

remaining equal Half-part of the said yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds herein-before directed to be paid in Augmentation of the Stipend or Salary of the said Curate or Minister); and also to pay and allow yearly and every Year to the Two Assistant Curates of the said Church, and their Successors, Assistant Curate’s of the fame Church for the Time being, in equal Moieties, the Sum of Ninety-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence of like lawful Money, (being the other or remaining equal Half-part of the said yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings herein-before directed to be paid to the said Assistant Curates, in Addition to the Stipend or Salary now received by the present Assistant Curate); such several last mentioned anwual Sums of Twenty-five Pounds and Ninety-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence, to be paid to the said Curate and Assistant Curates, and their Successors respectively, clear of all Deductions or Abatements whad'oever, by Four equal quarterly Payments, at such Days and Times as are herein-before appointed, in respect of the said first-mentioned annual Sums of Twenty-five Pounds and Ninety-two Seven Shillings and Sixpence.

V. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the Appointment of the said additional Assistant Curate, Divine Service ftufil be performed in the said late Collegiate Church or Minster c f Btverley Twice every Day in the Year, and the said Two Assistant Curates shall by Turns read the Morning and Evening Prayers according to the Form prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer used by the Church of England, and they shall likewise perform all the occasional Duty of or belonging to the said Church or Minster; and the Performance of the Services aforesaid, by the said Two Assistant Curares, shall be under the immediate Infpt&ion and Regulation of the said Curate or Minister j and the said Curate or Minister shall preach in the said Church or Minster One Sermon in the Morning and another Sermon in the Afternoon of every Sunday in the Year; anil also One Sermon on such other Days whereon Sermons have been by the said Curate or Minister usually heretofore preached.

No Curate t»

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgefies Degr^ofhC faulty aforesaid, the present Patrons of the said late Collegiate Church

M. a. or or Minster of Beverley aforesaid, and their Successors for the Time being,

LL B* or the major Part of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, when

and so often as any Vacancy shall happen, nominate to the Lord Arch-bishop of York for the Time being, or to the Guardian of the Spiritualities, the See being vacant, a fit Person, who shall be a Graduate of One of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, and of the Degree of Master of Arts, or Batchelor of Laws at the least, to be Curate of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster of Beverley, and to be licensed thereunto accordingly, and shall and may from Time to Time when and so often as any Vacancy or Vacancies happen, in like Manner nominate and appoint a fit Person or fit Persons who shall be a Graduate of one of the said Universities, and of the Degree aforesaid at the least, to be Assistant Curate or Assistant Curates of the said Church, and to be licensed thereunto accordingly.

Future Appli-

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur-yen derived 8C^CS Beverley for the Time being, and their Successors, shalLyearly

Performance of Divine Service, &c. prescribed.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146. 5931

and every Year receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the ur.tl<*rQueen

laid Chauntrits, Lands, Tenements, and Rents so granted by the said L^e^sPatent.

Letters Patent as aforei’.iid, as the same shall from Time to Time

become due and payable, and shall thereout p3y and defray One Moiety or equal Half Part of the Charges and Expences attending

the soliciting, applying for, and obtaining and passing this Ar0,

and subject thereto, shall thereout, in the next Place, pay, dedudl,

and allow from Time to Time such Sum and Sums of Money as'

they the Lid Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and their Successors

for the Time bting shall judge proper and necessary, to lay out

and expend in supporting, maintaining, building, and keeping in fuf-

ficient and tenantable Repair, the fame several Chauntries, Lands, Te

nements, and Premises, and tke Houfrs, Building', and Fences upon ot

aboct the fame, and in Discharge of the proper and necessary Taxes, Allowances, and Expences in collecting and getting in the fame, and the

Costs, Charges, and Expences which they or their Successors shall or may

from Tune to Time be necessarily put unto, or lay out or expend in, about,

or any Way relating to the fame several Premises, or in or about t'be

Management, Direction, Suppoit, Preservation, or Dilpol’al thereof; and also shall thereout pay and discharge the aforesaid yearly Sums of

Twenry.five Pounds and Ninety-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence

herein-before directed to be paid and allowed to the Curate or Minider of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster, and to the Two Assistant

Curates of the said Church for the Time being, according to the Directions

herein-brfore contained; and after such Payments, Allowances, and De-

dufUons as aforesaid, and subject thereto, then that the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Burgesses, and their Successors, shall from Time to Time apply and dispose of so much of the remaining Rents, Issues, and Profits' as they or the major Part of them shall think necessary or expedient and in that Behalf direct, for and towards the keeping the Fabric of the said late Collegiate Church or Minder in perpetual good Repair, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Letters Patent, and shall pay the Residue and Surplus of such Rents, Issues, and Profits, Once at lead in every Year, if ihe Balance in Hand shall amount to or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there "ex parte the Beverley Minder Edate," there to remain for the Purposes herein-afeer mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Archbidiop of York for the Time F»ture ApfAi-being, the Dean and Chapter of York for the Time being, and the Mayor venuesderiverf and Recorder of Beverley for the Time being, and their Successors, shall under Sir yearly and every Year receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Manor, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, hereby veded in '

them as aforesaid, as the same shall from Time to Time become due and payable, and shall, by and out of the Rents, Issues, and Profics of the said Sixteen Parts or Shares of she said Hereditaments corrprifed in the said Indenture of lleleafe of the Twenty-first Day of July One thousand seven hundred and forcy-seven, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the entire Hereditaments comprised in the said Indenture of Release of the Sixth Day of April One thousand Even hundred and sixty-three, pay and defray the remaining Moiety or equal Half Part of the

Charges

2932

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

Charges and Expences attending the soliciting, applying for, and Obtaining and pairing this Act; and after Payment thereof and subject thereto Shall, by and out of the Rents, Iliues, and Profits, of the Whole of the said Hereditaments comprised in the said Several Indentures of Release, pay, deduct, and allow from Time to Time such Sum and Sums of Money as they the said Archbishop, Dean, and Chapter, Mayor and Recorder of Beverley aforesaid, and their Successors for the Time being, shall judge proper and necessary ro lay out and expend in Supporting, maintaining, buildingard keeping insufficient and tcnantable Repair, the Several Messuages. Farm Houses, and Premises hereby vested in them as aforesaid, and in paying and defraying the proper and irecessary Taxes, Allowances, and Expences in collecting and getting in the Same, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences, which the fame Trustees or their Successors Shall or may from Time to Time be necessarily put unto, or lay out or expend in, about, or any Way relating to the said several Premises So hereby vested in them in Trull as aforesaid, or in or about the Management, Direction, Support, Preservation, or Disposal thereof; and! after such Payments, Allowances, and Deductions as aforesaid, and subject thereto, then as to and concerning the said Five Parts, the Whole into Twenty-one equal Parts, to be divided of the said Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comptifed in the said Indenture of Release of the Twenty-first Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and forty-seven, upon Trull that they the fame Trustees and their Successors do and shall from Time to Time pay, apply, and dispose of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Five Parts, for and towards the Support of the said Charity School and Hospital respectively, in such Proportions, and in such Manner as in ihe Will of the Lid Sir Michael Warten Knight, deceased, are exprtffed and declared concerning the same, and as to and concerning the remaining Sixteen Parts of the fame Premises, and also as to and concerning the Intirety of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments com. prised in the said Indenture of Release of the Sixth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, upon Trust that the fame Trustees and their Successors do and shall from Time to Time by and out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, pay and discharge the aforesaid yearly Sums of Fifty Pounds, Twenty-five Pounds, and Forty Pounds, Twenty-five Ponnds, and Ninety-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence, by the aforesaid recited Act and this Act directed to be paid and allowed thereout to the Curate or Minister, and Assistant Curate or Curates, and the Organist, of the said late Collegiate Church or Minder according to the Directions of the said Act and of this Act; and after such Payments, Allowances, and Deductions as aforesaid, and subject thereto, then do and shall apply and dispose of so much of the remaining Issues and Profits thereof as they or the major Part of them shall think neceflsry or expedient and in that Behalf direct, for and towards the keeping the Fabric of the said Collegiate Church or Minder in perpetual good Repair, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Will of the said Sir Michael Warton, and do and shall, Once at lead in every Year if the Balance in Hand shall amount to or exceed the Sum of One hundred Po inds, pay the Residue and Surplus of such Rems, Issues, and Profits, into the Bank of litgland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, to the Account and in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, notwithstanding any Thing herein-before contained, it shall and may be lawful to spid for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized by and out of the Rents, RTues, and Profits of the Chauntries, Lands, Tenements, and Rents so herein-before mentioned to have been granted by the said Letters Patent as aforesaid: in case they shall think it expedient so to do', yearly and every Year, to pay and allow unto the present or any future Organ ill of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster of Beverley, a yearly Sum no: exceeding Twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, in Augmentation of the Stipend or Salary of such Organifl.

X. Provided always, and be further enacted, That the Expences of the AMinon^ Repairs of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster ot Beverley shall dti| be at all Times paid and defrayed before the Payment of any of the ad- cue or Drfi-ditional Stipends hereby provided for the Curate and Assistant Curates of funds.0*iht the said late Collegiate Church or Minder, and for the said Qrganift

and in case and when and so often as by reason of the Amount of such Expences for Repairs, there shall not be a Fund sufficient for the Payment of such additional Stipends respectively, then and in such Case the Payment of the fame Stipends shall be from Time to Time postponed until all the Monies for the Time being wanted to pay and defray the said Expences shall be raised and applied for that Purpose, and the Fabric of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster shall be maintained and repaired according to the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Letters Patent and Will of the said Sir Michael Warton.

XI. And be it further enacted, JThat the said Archbishop of York, Dean *p*

and Chapter of York, and Mayor and Recorder of Beverley aforesaid, or ^'"er.&c their Successors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall be

and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by Writing, duly sealed and delivered, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to collect and receive the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the fereral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby vested in them as aforesaid, and thereout to make all the necessary Payments and Distmrfements in the Execution, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; such Person or Persons so to be appointed Receiver or Receivers giving, for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, Security to the Satisfaction of the said Archbishop, Dean and Chapter, Mayor and Recorder, for the Time being, or the major Part of them; and every Person so to be appointed Receiver shall be paid and allowed out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said several Estates, such Salary as the said Archbishop of York,

Dean and Chapter of York, and Mayor and Recorder of Beverley aforesaid, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall think reasonable, and shall from Time to Time be removeable at the Will and Pleasure of the said Archbishop, Dean and Chapter, Mayor and Recorder, for the Time being, or the major Part of them.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers shall fairly enter into One or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, an Account of all Moneys by him or them received and disbursad, specifying the Times when, the Persons to and from

\Loc. & Per.] 32 X whom

Receiver’*

Duty.

2933

augment

Organilf*

Stipend.

2g34 GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

whom, and for what Purposes such Monies were respectively received and disbursed; which Book or Books, or a true Copy thereof, llgned by the said Receiver or Receivers, together with the Vouchers for such Disbursements, and also all Books and Papers in his or their Custody, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be delivered to the said Archbifllop of fork, the Dean and Chapter of York, and the Mayor and Recorder of Beverley for the Time being respectively, or such of them as shall require the fame, once at lead or ofrener in every Year.

Temfof'i

XIII. And whereas the aforesaid Principal Sum of Two hundred and four

Years Pounds and Eleven Shillings, so as aforesaid secured by the aforesaid Mort-

guished. gage Term of Twelve hundred Years in the aforesaid Hereditaments in Partney, as well as the Interest thereof, is applicable upon the fame Trusts, and for the fame Intents and Purposes as the Rents; Issues, and Profits of the said Sixteen Parts, and entire Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled; and on that Account it may be reasonable that the said Mortgage Debt of Two hundred and four Pounds and Eleven Shillings, and all Interest in respect thereof, and also the said Term of Twelve hundred Years, should be extinguished , be it therefore further enabled, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all and singular thesaidMefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprised in the said Term of Tw elve hundred Years, shall be freed and discharged, and utterly exonerated, of and from the said Term of Twelve hundred Years, and the said Principal Sum of Two hundred and four Pounds and Eleven Shillings, and all Interest in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

pfcrfona!

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and

under c^etn1 Burgesses of Beverley aforesaid for the Time being, shall, with all con-Eiizabeth s venient Speed after the passing of this Act, sell and dispose of the said IfiSST Three hundred and sixty Pounds Old South Sea Annuities, and pay the called in, and Money arising from such Sale, and also the said several Sums ot Three paid^to The ^unc^rec^ and ninety-five Pounds, and Five hundred Pounds, so owing Bank. from them as aforesaid, and all Interest which shall be then due for the fame respectively, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, to the Account and in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for the Purposes herein-after mentioned; and also shall with, the like convenient Speed call in and receive the said principal Sums of One hundred Pounds, and One hundred Pounds, so placed out upon Assignments of Turnpike Tolls as aforesaid, and all Interest due and to become due for the lame, and upon Receipt of the Money arising the reby, shall from Time to Time pay the fame with the like convenient Speed into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, to the Account and in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

Funds derived

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Archbishop of York, the undei S r Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of York, and the Mayor and ton^WiU^to* Recorder of Beverley aforesaid, for the Time being respectively, shall, with be called in, all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, call in and receive the and the Pro-! said principal Sum of Three hundred Pounds so placed cut upon an the Bank-ml^ Alignment of Turnpike Tolls as8 aforesaid, and all Interest due and to

become

40° GEORG It III. Cap. 143. ^955

become due f >r the fame, and upon Receipt of the Money arising the reby, shall fortt.wiih pay the lame into the Bank of England in the Name and with the P.ivity of the said Accountant General, ro the Account and in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for the Pmposes herein-after mentioned*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of One s?ockinrhe thousand Pounds, and Five hundred and two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Bank Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Accountant shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be General, transferred by the several Persons in whom the same are now respectively veiled, and they respectively are hereby authorized and required to transfer the fame into the Name of the said Accountant General, to be placed to his Account " ex parte the Beverley Minder Estate," in the Manner herein-before directed, for the Purpose of conlfituting an accumulating and perpetual Fund for the Maintenance and Reparation of the Fabric of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster; and that all Sums of Money which shall in pursuance of this Act be paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General as herein-before directed, and also the Interest and Dividends Irom Time to Time to accrue, as well on the said Bank Annuities as on any other Bank Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, shall from Time to Time be laid out by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of like Bank Annuities to the Account aforesaid, subject to the Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made as herein after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Rrferertccm*y and for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time in a summary

Way upon Petition by the Archbishop of York, the Dean and Chapter chancery to of the Caihedral Church of York, the Mayor and Recorder of Beverley, mu^-'/n^c and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Beverley aforesaid for the ‘iu‘nel*

Time being respectively, or any of them, to order it to be referred to a Mailer of that Court, to inquire whether the Fabric of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster be in good and substantial Repair, and whether, from and after the passing of this Act, the Rems and Profits of the said several Estates and Hereditaments have been from Time to Time applied according to the Directions of the said former Act and of his Ad; and whether the fame be sufficient for the Maintenance and Reparation of the Fabric of the said Church, and for the other Purposes to which the same are by the said former Act and this Act directed to be applied; and whether the Aid of the said permanent and accumulating Fund by this Act directed to be established as aforesaid, be wanted in that Respect, and also to tax the Colts, Charges, and Expences of all Applications to and Proceedings in the said Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, and to order the said Master to flare the Result of his Inquiries, and any special Circumstances relative thereto, with 'his Opinion thereon, together with the Amount of all such Colts, Charges, and Expences to the Court, and after the said Master shall have made his Report, and the same shall have been confirmed by the Court, then to order that the Amount of all such Colls, Charges, and Expences, shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of the Stock or Cash reloedively, then Handing in the Name of the said Accountant-

General-

2936 46u GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

General on the Credit of the said Account, ex parte the Beverley Minfler Estate, and to make such other Order respecting the Application and Payment of such Stock and Calli, or any Part thereof, in or towards the Reparation and Maintenance of the Fabric of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster, or otherwise, in the Premises as the said Court shall from Time to Time think fit; and the said Court is hereby authorized from Time to Time to make such other Order or Orders as shall appear to the said Court to be necessary, for the Purpose of keeping the Fabric of the said late Collegiate Church or Minster in constant and perpetual good Repair and Condition; and to inforce the Observance of every such Order, in such Manner and by such Process as it shall judge expedient.

Indemnity to

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several

Trustee*. Trustees herein-before named, shall not, nor shall any of them, or the Heirs, Successors, Executors, or Administrators of any of them, be answerable or accountable for any Money to be received by virtue of or under any of the Trusts aforesaid, any otherwise, than each Person for such Sum and Sums of Money as he shallrespectively actually receive, and that none of them shall be answerable or accountable for the Acts, Receipts, Negleds, or Defaults of the others or other of them , and that ic shall and may be lawful to and for them and every of them respectively, by and out of the said Trust Monies and Premises, to retain to and reimburse themselves all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, which they respeq,-tively shall or may sustain or be put unto, in or about the Execution of the Trusts aforesaid.

Central XIX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and

saving. Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politic, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, claiming or to claim any Use, Estate, Trust, Right, Title, Interest, Benefit, or Advantage of, into, or out of the said Manor, Messuage^, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Sum or Sums of Money and Premises in this Act before mentioned, or any Part thereof, by virtue of or under the said recited Letters Patent, the said recited Will, the said Orders of the High Court of Chancery, the said several Indentures of Lease and Release, and the said recited Act), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claims and Demands whatsoever, either at Law or inEquity, as they,every or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

fublie Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

THE

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 140,

2937

THE FIRST SCHEDULE

TO WHICH THE FOREGOING ACT REFERS,

Containing a Rental of the Chauntries, Lands, Tenements, and Rents com-iprifed in Queen Elizabeth’s Letters Patent, and a Statement of the average Payments and Diibarfements thereout for the last Seventeen Years.

TcnantsNames. 0 0 1 T - 0vrM Tenements, and wlier* fumte. Annu 1 Ren -

£. r. d.

Audu'i, John Seellion of Land - - O 10 0

Akers, James Tenement in Flemingate 7 0 0

A'cklam, William Close near Holme Church 6 4 0

Burkett, John " Tenement in Minftermoorgate 4 0 0

Bo(s, Mary Ditto - 1 7 0

Burn, George Ditto .... 6 18 8

Bowman, Rev. Thomas Tenement and Close in Kelgate 11 6 O

Burton, Rob. Elq.Executors of Paradile Clole - - "1 10

Ditto - Tenement in Flemingare - J 3 U

Bate foil, Thomas Ditto in Eastt'ate - - 0 0 6

Brown, Miss ' - Close in Grovthill Lane 5 6 3

Binnifigion, Mrs. Brown, John Tenement in Minftermoorgate 4 0

Ditto within North Bar 6 I 0

Courtney, John, Esq. Messuage without North Bar 5 O 0

Carru k, William Ditto within North Bar 5 *9 0

Cumings, Mr. George Ditto in Minftermoorgate 26 16 0

Church of St. Mary - - - 4 n 4

Corporation of Beverley House for Grammar School Mailer 21 16 O

Collinfon, George Ditto in Eastgate - 3 7 O

Clarkson, Francis Ditto in Minftermoorgate 3 O

Cook, Jane (late Parker) Ditto in Eallgate 2 0 0

Cade, James Diito in Kelgate - 2 3 9

Denton, Peter (Tanner) Ditto in Flemingate - 6 10 O

Denton, Peter Ditto in Highgate - 9 8 O

Ditto - - Ditto at Becklide - - 5 16 O

Dawson, Thomas Rattle Garth at Beckfide 2 4 O

Dickson, John Tenement in l’lennngate z 4 18 O

Etton, Re£lor of Farthing Flatt at Etton 2 0 a

Fisher, Thomas, Executors of Tenement in Minftermoorgate 2 14 0

Fofter, Mrs. Elizabeth House in Newbegiri 2 6 5 0

Fcord, Rev. Dr. Executors of Coach-house, &c. in Kelgate 9 9

Greek, Mr. House in Minftermoorgate 4 0 0

Hall, Mr. Alderman Ditto in Back Street 18 0 0

Ditto - - Close in ditto 4 1 0

Hobson, John Tenement in Highgate 3 5 0

Hoggaid, Mrs, Executors of J Ditto at Beckfide and Close in J Grovehill Lane - - J 16 1 9

Ditto - - Bathing house 1 10 0

[Loc. Pfr.]

22 r

5938 4-6° GEORGII HI. Cap. 146.

Tenants Naims. Tenements, and where lit.ate. Annu 1 Re fe

£ d.

Hardwick, 1 ho. Executors of Hancock, Mr. Executors of Tenement in Lairgate . 9 l6 0

WJA Ditto’ in Eallgate - O 5 0

Haves, John - Dito - I 13 6

HMjtfon, William - Ditto in Min'ftetMoor^ate i. 4 lH 6

Hut iflsv,. Peter - Close in Grovehill Lade -: 5 '7

Hart, Nathan ? - Tenement in Highgate a ' + O

Johnforr, Mrsv House in Sarnrday Market - 8 0 0

lffott* Joseph - House and Close - 18 4 0

Jewell, William - House in Minllermoorgate - 3 0 0

Johnson, Mrs. Avis Ditto in Eallgate *. - 3 10 O

Kelil, Mr. Alderman Closes at Beckfide - 7- 19 O

Lundie, Mr. Alderman _ Ditto in Grovehill 5 17 6

Lun tie, Mr. Thomas James Ditto - 5 10 O

Lundie, Mr. William - , Tenement in Crofsgarths - 7 0 0

Lamb, Mrs. - Ditto in Minllermoorgate - 4 0 0

Law Ion, Robert Ditto 1 10 O

Lee, Mrs. Sarah - Ditto in Highgate - 16 0 0

Middleton, Mr. Alderman Ditto within North Bar _ 6 12 o

Ditto _ Lurk Lane Closes _ 6 O O

Merritt, Mr. Daniel - Tenement in Minllermoorgate - 3 O O

Milton, John Ditto - . 3 O O

Mair arid Singleton - Ditto in Eallga;e - 1 4 O

Peacock, Anthony Prescott, John Ditto in Eallgate _ 3 i? 0

- Ditto in Keigate - T 18 9

Parkin', Robert Ditto - 2 2 O

Prattman, John - Close in Grovehill Lane - 8 3 O

Ruddock, Matt. . Tenement in E a ligate . 3 10 O

Rippon, John - Ditto in Minllermoorgate - 1 s 3

Ranfon, Samuel - Ditto in Minfltimoorgate - 4 0 0

Ramlhow, Rob. Executors of Ground in Eallgate - 2 9 6

SilTons, Joseph - . Osier Yard _ 1 14 0

Shutt, James - Tenement in Highgate - 6 2 O

Southern, Widow - Ditto in Minllermoorgate - 2 J5 O

Smith, William - Ditto - i- - , 3 10 O

Smith, George - Ditto - - 4 0 0

Skerne, William - Ditto in Eallgate 1 1 17 O

Smith, John - Ditto in Well Dane -; 9 J5 O

Smelt, Robert - Ditto in Minllermoorgate 4 2 O

Taylor, Samuel, Executors of Ditto in Laregate . I s ©

Todd, Thomas - Di to in Minllermoorgate - 2 2 6

Taslor, Thomas, Executors of - Ditto- - - 3 O O

Tuke, Mr. Alderman _ House in Back Street _ 18 O O

Ditto - Close late Appleton - 4 IS O

Close in Grovehill Lane - 10 12 6

Tindall, James - Srabies in the Corporation Yard - 2 2 O

Todd, Wormfley - Tenement in Flemingate - 12 4 O

Walker, John,-(late Barnean) . Ditto in Eallgate - - 3 10 O

Watson, Mrs. (late Jackson) - Ditto Minllermoorgate 4 10 O

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 14.0.

2939

Tenants Nantes.

Tenements, and where situate.

'Wallis, Thomas (late Watson) Webster, John, Executors of Workhouse, Trustees of

Tenement in Ladygate Tenement in Minftermcorgate

Ditto Ditto i

1 Saturday Market

STATEMENT of Payments and Disbursements for the last Seventeca Years.

In Sal.arie'-. to the Sexton, Risers, and 01 her officers of the Min (ter. In Rep»iiS of the fa brie of the Mi niter. In Allowances to the Church wardens ot St.Jbhnand St. Martin, for Per amholations and Violations, tec. In Contingencies.

" £ d. £ £ £ d.

1789 5« 13 2 50 11 63 9 2 26 0 9

1790 56 7 6 88 2 6 53 16 8 23 5 5

1791 59 4 b 74 >7 10 54 6 7 44 11 1

1792 58 16 4 62 O 8 46 1 3 39 11 11

1793 58 2 0 84 ‘3 I 43 9 10 32 4 11

1794 60 8 0 43 15 2 50 1 10 38 1 16 ii

1795 J8 u 8 308 9 I 49 17 5 29 5

1796 57 H 6 35 I I 2 97 T 7 40 6 I 1

J 797 59 8 0 51 3 7 59 4 3 26 3

1798 . 61 14 0 5» lS 0 8 14 3

1799 60 0 0 86 2 8 «5 0 4 14 19 2

1800 62 11 9 65 6 4 78 IS 9 22 6 9

1801 97 11 6 37 10 7 0 0 3« 4 I

1802 62 '7 4 86 11 60 16 6 43 11 4i

1803 63 3 2% 106 11 6 III 4 7 52 3 4

l80 + 7* 7 6 S9 >7 4 6 4 18 ic| 79 14 9

1805 66 1 + 4 7- *9 10 72 0 0 46 2 0

1,072 8 31 1,173 >4 3 960 4 7* 604 18 1,072 8 H 35

*7)

1,172 14 960 4

7 5

3,810 s loi

Present Annual Surplu

ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS or Allowances directed or authorised by this Act.

To the Minider or Curate To the AHiflant Curates To the Organist

Amount of ultimate annual Surplus

£.2$ o

92 7

528 ta 9

(224 2

304 10 of

>37 7 6

167 2

Jr: Lockwood, Mayor.

294°

+6* GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE,

TO WHICH THE FOREGOING ACT REFERS.

Containing a Rental of the Estate derived under Sir Michael Warton’s Donation, and a Statement of the annual Payments or Allowances made thereout.

Grass Annual Rem.

Net Annual Ren*.

John Bourne Esq.

Dalby ami other Places adjoining

Deduct for the Lands purchased'with the 630/."! 00

Savings - - - J

Land Tax - - - 42 6 o

Lords Rent - - - - 4162

Deduct Five Parts in Twenty-one for the Charity School"! and Hospital - J

466 o o

78 2 2 387 17 IO 92 7 1

Add the Land purchased with the Saving: above -

Deduct the Land Tax thereon

’i

27 16 o

ANNUAL PAYMENTS OR ALLOWANCES. To the Minister or Curate Ashstant Curate Organist

Receiver’s Salary r

Present Annual Surplus -

ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS or Allowances directed by this Act to be paid thereout.

To the Minister or Curate -

To the Assistant Curates -

25 o o 92 7 <s

Amount of ultimate Annual Surplus of the Yearly Revenue of"!

the Estates derived under Sir Michael Warton’s Dorarion j The like of Estates granted by the Letters Patent

Aggregate Amount of ultimate Annna! Surplus

C

323 9

*3 6 6

187 6 9

"7 7

69 19 3

167 s 6J

237 1 9}

jn’ Lockwood, Mayor.

LONDON: Printed ty George Eyre and Andrew Sth.ahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QJJADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

i

Cap. 141.

An A fl: for railing, by Sale or Mortgage, a Sum of Money sufficient to pay off and discharge certain Incumbrances, affecting certain Estates mentioned in a Deed of Settlement, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, made on the Intermarriage of James O'Reilly of Baltrafna, in the County of Meath, Esquire, and Henrietta Nugent, his Wife; and for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Trulls of said Deed, and of certain other Deeds therein and herein particularly mentioned.

[21st July 1806.]

"T "HT WHEREAS James O’Reilly Esquire, late of Baltrafna in the \ County of Meath, in that Part of the United Kingdom called

\ ¥ Ireland, deceased, was in his Lifetime, seised in Fee Simple of the Lands of Havuksf.eld, otherwise Baltrafna, in the said County of Meath, and of the Towns and Lands of Garryfalhgh, Kilbride, Ktuknavan, Der-rindrunn, Ballingro/i, and Polereagh, in the County of Cavan, in said Part [Let. ts? Per.'] [32 R J of

mi

2918 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1+1.

of the United Kingdom, with their several Appurtenances, and, being so seised, the said Janies O'Reilly did, by Deeds of Lease and Release, by Way of Settlement, previous to and upon the Marriage of his eldest So n, Thomas O'Reilly Esquire, with Margaret O'Reilly, other wise Sibihorpc, bearing Date the Fi'f h Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, for the Considerations therein mentioned, convey to Richard Gorges and Ephraim Stannus Esquires, their Heirs and Assigns, all the said Lands and Premises, and all the Interest, Estate, and Title of the said ’James O'Reilly, therein discharged of and from all Incumbrances whatever, save certain Head Rents to which the said Lands were liable, in Trust, to the Use of the said 7h»nias O'Reilly, for Life, with Remainder to his First and every other Son in Tail Male,-with divers Remainders over; and by said Deeds the said Lands were charged with a Jointure of Four hundred Pounds per Annum for the said Margaret, in the Event of her surviving the said Thomas \ and a Power was thereby given to the said Trustees to raise, by Mortgage or otherwise, upon said Lands, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds for the Provision of such younger Children as the said Ibomat might have by that Marriage, subject to the Appointment of the Lid Thomas in Manner therein mentioned; and, in Failure of such Appointment, then to and among such younger Children, in Manner and at the Times therein mentioned \ by which Deeds also a Trust Term in said Lands of Five hundred Years was created and veiled in William Adams Esquire, since deceased, and Stephen Bomford Esquire, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in Trust, for the Purpose of railing and paying to the said Margaret, in case of such Survivorship, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and also of securing to her the said Jointure of Four hundred Pounds, and several other contingent Annuities which, by fub-fqquept $bpnt£ have now totally <?eased and are of no Effect: And whereat the said James O'Reilly was also at the same Time seised and possessed. of tnd Lands of Upper Monnery Cornemucklagh, and Bar cony, in the said County of Cavan, and of the Lands of Ballycmoile and Stonejlaivn in the County of Vl'ejlmeath, in Ireland, under and by virtue of several Leases for Lives, yith Covenants for perpetual Renewal; and, being so feil'ed and possessed thereof, he did, by the fame Deeds of Marriage Settlement herein*b£fore in part recited, convey all his Estate and Interest therein, (subject so the Rents, Renewal Fines and Covenants in them respectively contained), so the hid William Adams and Stephen Bomford, and to the Survivor of them, and to the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, in Trust, in the first Inftgqce, to pay the several Rents and Renewal Fines payablelbut of those respective Lands, and subject thereto, then upon the fame Trusts, and to the same Uses, and subject to the latne Annuities, Charges, and Trust Term? as were thereby declared and created of and concerning- the said Fee Simple Lands above-mentioned, and by the said Deeds of Settlement a Power was given to the said Thomas O'Reilly to charge.both the said Fee Simple Lands, and the said Freehold Lands, at any Time during his Life, with the Sum of Two thousand Pounds for his own Purposes, and to raise the fame during his Lifetime, by Mortgage of all or any-Part thereof: And Whereas the said Thomas O'Reilly had several Children, both Sons and Daughters, by the said Margaret his Wife, of whom James O'Reilly the younger is the eldest Son and Heir at Law of die Cfid-ThmaS) who- attained.his full Age in the Year One thousand fe-ten hundred and ninety-six; and there are now living Anthony O'Reilly,

11 ' Jcbrt

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. j41.

John 0'Rally, and Mary Ann O'Reilly, the younger Children of the said Wlariagr*, who are entitled to the Did Sum of Five thouDnd Pounds: And whereas the said Thomas O'Reilly hath lately died, and the said Margaret is (till living: And whereas the said James O'Reilly the elder was, in his Lifetime, seised in Fet-simple of the Lands of Derrin, CorliJIea, Drum-hilly, with the Mill thereon, Ardlow, Clonmult, Gortnejhargan otherwise Bing field, Killecanncn, Crecnan otherwise Creenew, Polreagh, Shrananor-nogne, Co* after, Kilmainham, And Shannon/, in the said County of Cavan, and also of rh'* Great Tithes of the Lands of Txillaghanoge ard Vafing's Town, in the said County of Meath, and of Premises called the Plague Park, and other Tenements in and near to Drogheda, none of which last-mentioned Lands or Premises were comprised in the said Deeds: And whereas the said James O'Reilly, the elder, was also seised and possessed, under and by several Leases for Lives, with Covenants for perpetual Renewal of the lands of Killicunny, Mr.rHhill, Dunaloughin, the Pottle of Garryfr.llagh, and Tyrones Garryfallagb, in the said County of Cavan; and of the Lands of Lifnegon, Carrkknamudda, and Rath may, in the said County of Meath y and of the Larlds of Bal in and Stone ft <\cn, in the said County of Westmeath, none of which said 1 aft-men tinned Lands or Premises were comprised in said Deeds; and being lb seised, he the said James (yReitiy the elder, by his last Will and Tefiament, bearing Date the Twenty-feverith Day of September One thousand seven hundred and fe-venty-six, duly executed to pal's ReuLEstate*, and since duly proved in His Majesty's Prerogatrt^-' C^fc'ih Tfalarufi, deV?fed the Whole of the said Fee-fimpie and Freeholds lift bcfoife-menfirmed; and also his Estate and fnterest therein respbd.fvefy; *fid also the said Reversions to his Brother Thonras R-eilig of Roebuck-, Fllejeir^e, fibed deceAfod, and William Adams Esquitt, also* linee decea&d,1 feut-'lvlio fdrvlved the said Thomas Reilly Esquire lAfc-mtntioned, Antl'to frMs S^rviVor of them, and to the Heirs of such Survivor, in T^rust, but of the Rents, IflueS; and Profits thereof} to pay off-and discharge Two-thtrds'of so much of the Debts and Funeral Kx-pences' of the said fames the elder, and a Bequest of Five thousand KbtrntiV to his Daughter Maty O' Reilly, irf said Will mentioned, as should remain* unsatisfied ty the Application of Ibch of his Assets as he had "WEHyifnfrDid1‘Will otherwise particularly disposed cf, the remaining Ohfe-ifrird tb be paid out of another Fiind crleated by his said Will for that Puf.pose; and after paying off arid difcftArging the said Incumbrances, m-'Pruft, a-s to the said1 Lands* of Killidunhy, J.if Agon} Carrkknamudder, RhtRniay, kallih, Shriqflozuti; Marahitl, Bum ahloitgbin, and the said Two G'hrryf-Hughs, to the Use of his Son the said Thomas O'Reilly, his Hferrs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns’; aftdis to the said Lands of Derrin, Corlijlsct, Drsemkiily with the Mill thereon,1 Ardiow. Clonmu't, Gortnefiangtm, Kiilacan'nbri', Greennu, Polereagh, Shrananornogue, Cornafeer, Kiltnaivb mi; inti.Shannons, the said Tithes of TuHaghanoge, and the said Prentfies in and near to 'Drogheda, in Trust, to receive the Rents, Issuefs, and Prefit thereof, until they should amount to such an aggregate Sum (aftt rpajingthefev^ralHead Rents and Renewal Fined'dhe thereout respectivdv) as would be sufficienr to pufehafe the Head or Chief Rents aforesaid, which were payable out of the said Lands of Baler afra, BallicomoHt, Sttm(Jti.itm9 RiWide, Bar tony, Mdknefy, and Cwnemuck agh, before mentioned; and alter completing said Purchase, or in case the Purchase of stich Head Rentscoold not be-ef&fted, then in Trust usJto futh other Nevr

Lands

2919

2^20

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

Lands as the said Trustees should purchase with said aggregate Sum (under a Provision for that Purpose in his said Will contained); and also as to the said Lands of Derrin> CorlJlea, Drumkiily with the Mill thereon, Bing, field other wise Gotnejhanga*, KUiicannon, Cnenaw, Polereagh, Sbrananor-noguey Cernafeer, Kilmainham, and Shannons, and the said Tithes, and the Premifts aforesaid, in and near to Drogheda, the said James 0*Reilly the elder, by his laid Will, limited, a ilrift Tenancy for Life, to the said JThomas O'Reilly his Son, Remainder to the said James O'Reilly the younger ("then an Infant) for Life, Remainder to the Issue Male of the said James the younger, Remainders over: And whereas the said James O'Reilly the elder died some Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, without altering or revoking his said Will, save that by a Codicil thereunto annexed, he revoked the said Bequest of Five thousand Pounds to his said Daughter Mary, and in lieu thereof he charged the said Lands, so devised, to his Son the said Thomas O'Reilly, with an Annuity for Life, of One hundred Pounds, to the said Mary: And whereas, subsequent to the Execution of said Deeds of Marriage Settlement, the said Tho7iias O'Reilly, having become indebted to various Persons, in several large Sums of Money, the said James the elder joined him in passing Securities to those Persons for their respective Demands, and as an Indemnity to the said James the elder for his so becoming joint Security, the said Thomas O'Reilly assigned, or agreed to assign, to Thomas Reilly of Roebuck, as a Trustee for the said James the elder, the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds, with which, by the said Deeds of Marriage Settlement, he had a Power of charging the Lands therein mentioned as before flated; and the said Charge of Two thousand Pounds became, and now is, a Lien on the said Lands; and the said Trustee having since died, the said Charge is now veiled in his personal Representative, for the Purposes aforesaid, and Hill remains a Lien on said Lands: And whereas Anthony Blackburn Esquire is now the personal Representative of the said Thomas Reilly the said Trustee: And whereas the said James O'Reilly the younger attained his full Age in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and thereupon joined his Father the said Thomas O'Reilly in executing Securities jointly with him, for the greater Part of his said Father’s Debts, which then amounted to upwards of Thirteen thousand six hundred and forty Pounds, though at the Time of his so doing, the said James the younger had but a bare Estate Tail in Expectancy in said settled Lands, and though no Fines had been previously or since levied, nor Recoveries suffered, of any of said Lands, by the said Thomas or James the ypunger nor any Act done by them, or either of them, to dock the said Entail, or enlarge the Estate which either the said Thomas or the said James the younger had in said Lands, or any of them: And whereas the said James the younger, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, intermarried with Henrietta Nugenty Daughter of Oliver Nugent, of Bobfgrove in the County of Cavan, Esquire, by which Marriage he has Issue Two Sons and One Daughter; but previous to his laid Marriage, and under the Direction and Advice of Counsel, certain Deeds,' by Way of Marriage Settlement, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, were duly executed by and between the said Thomas and James the younger of the First Part; the said Oliver Nugent and Henrietta Nugent his Daughter, of ^he Second Part; Charles Morton d.nA Thomas Batterlby Esquires, of the

third

29

46° GEORGII III. fij.'i+i.

Third Part; and Robert iVacle and JdSh Tail'cw EsquTres, of the Fourth Part; whereby, in cortlideration of the Sum of Two thousand one hundred and seventy-five Pounds, the Marriage Portion given by the said Oliver Niigent tf-ith the said Henrietta his Daughter, and other C mfidc-rations. and for the Purposes of creating a Fund for the Payment of those Debts, for the securing of which, the said James the younger ha i, as aforesaid, joined the said Thcmat, and which are particularly let forth in a Schei dule annexed to the 1 id Deeds of One thousand seven hun re: and ninety-nine, and also other Purposes set forth therein, the said Thomas and James the younger conveyed to the said Charles Moreton and Thomas Battetfiy, their Heirs and Assigns, all their respective Estate, Title, and Interest in and ro the f;rd Lands of Hawks fie Id otherwise Balitafna, Gar-ri/allayk,; m, b, igross, Kilbride, Knocknavan, Polereagh, Dcrrin,

Carllj.ea, Dm.nh. V, \vfri the Mill thereon, Ardlvto, Clonmoult, Gcrtnc-Jbu'.-gah otherwise / . gjldd, Ktllicannon, Creenan, Po’ereegh, Shrananer-s:; .,vtr. Klmdinham, Shannon?, the PremiseS in and near to

/' L.nds <*f Upper Monnery, Cornamucklagh and Cuppaide.cs,

Par: t’ . Lmds of Bar cony, the Lands of BaTtcomoile and St ones own,

ant all their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to have and to hold the Lands of Hawks field otherwise Raltrafna, Garryfalagb, ZL//-lingrofs, Derrindrwr, Kilbride, Knocknavan, and Polereagh, to the said Charles Morton and Thomas Batterjby, their Heirs and Assigns far ever, to have and to hold the said Lands of Ballycomoile and 6toneJlown^Upper Monnery Cor-ticmuckhigb and Cuppaidges, Part of Bar cony, to the said Charles Morton and Thomas Batterjby, their Heirs and Assigns, for the Terms for Lives then respectively subsisting thereof* and for all and every Life and Lives that should thereafter be added to or inferred in the respective LeafeS thereof, by virtue of the several Covenants, for perpetual Renewal therein respectively contained; and to have and to hold the said Lands of Der-tin, Carlijlea, Drumkilly, with the Mill (hereon, Arcl’ow, Clonmuli, Gort-tiejhanan otherwise Bingfield, Killicannon, Crcenaw, Polereagh, Shrananor-fiogtie, Cornafeer, Kilmainham, Shannons, and the Premises in the County of the Town of Drogheda, to the said Charles Morton and Thomas Bat-terjby, their Heirs and Assigns, for and during the natural Lives of the said Thomas O*Reilly and Jam s O'Reilly, and the Life of the Survivor of them, subject as therein declared, to the Payment of Two-third Parts of the remaining unsatisfied Debts of the said James the elder then deceased* and which then amounted to One thousand eight hundred Pounds Sterling, and also to the Payment of all the Head Rents and Renewal Fines, and all other Dues payable thereout respectively, and subject, as to such of the said Lands as were comprized in the said Deeds of Marriage Settlement of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to the Provisions contained in those Deeds, for the Wife and younger Children of the said Thomas, and also to the said Charge of Two thousand Pounds before-mentioned j and it was declared by the said Deed of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, now in Recital, that the said Grant and Conveyance so thereby made of the Premises aforesaid, to the said Charles Moreton and Thomas Batterjby, and their Heirs, was so made to them, in Trust and to and for the Intents and Purposes following; that is to say, in Trust to pay all Head Rents, Renewal Fines, Duties and Fees due and to become due threout respectively, and after Payment thereof, in Trust, to pay an Annuity of Eight hundred Pounds to the said Thomas O'Reilly [Lee Per.'} [32 5] for

29~ 2

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap r4x.

for Life, and an Annuity of a like Sum of Light bun 'red Pounds to thef said Jame> the younger for Life, and also a contingent Annuity of One hundred Pounds to the said Margaret the Wife O' the said IJforkat, in the Event of her surviving him, in addition to the Jointure secured to her on said Lands by the said Deeds of Marriage Settlement of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-jhreej and also a contingent Annuity of a like Sum of One hundred Pounds to the said Henrietta, in the Event of her surviving her said Husband the said James the younger, and after Payment of those several Charges, then in Trull, to apply the Residue cf all the Rents, Iifues, and Profits of all these several Lands, from Time to Time, to the Liquidation of the joint Debts of the said Thovbai O’Reilly and James O' Reilly the younger, as the fame were particularly mentioned in a Schedule annexed to the said Deed of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, now in recital, until the Whole thereof should be fully paid off and discharged, reserving the reout a Provision for the Maintenance and Education of such Children as the said James OyReilly the younger should have by the said Henrietta, in case he should die in the Life-time of the said Thomas his Father; and upon the further Trull, that the said Trustees should immediately, upon the Death of the said Thomas or James the younger, or sooner, (with the Consent of the said Thomas and James the younger) but without Prejudice to the said Charges and Annuities by Sale or Mortgage of the said Lands, comprised in the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, raise a Sum of Three thousand Pounds for the Portions of such younger Children as the said James the younger should have by the said Henrietta, payable as therein chre&ed, and also if the said James t’nejounger should have One or more Daughter or Daughters, and no Son who should attain his full Age, or be married, that then the said Trustees should, in like Manner, raise a further Sum of Two thousand Pounds, as and for a further and additional Provision for such Daughter or Daughters, under certain Appointments and Limitations in the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, now in recital mentioned, and subject to the said several Annuities, Charges, and Incumbrances, the said several Lands and Premises are thereby limited to the First and every other Son of the said intended Marriage successively, in Tail Male, with Remainder in Tail to the said James O'Reilly: And whereas the said Oliver Nugav, on the Marriage of his said Daughter to the said James the younger, retained in his own Hands, and to his own Use, by and with the Consent of the said James the younger, a considerable Pan of the said Portion agreed to ba given with her, and in lieu thereof, he, by the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, conveyed to the Trustees there n named, cettain Lands, Part of the Ellate or the said Oliver, for the Purpose of securing for the said Henrietta a further Annuity by Way of Jointure, during her Life, in the Event of her surviving the said J met the younger; and the said James O’Reilly the ycunger having, with the said Henrietta, since consented to join, and did accordingly join with the said Oliver, and his the said Oliver’s elded Son, in levying Fines, and differing Recoveries of said Lands, on being paid by the said Oliver so much of the Marriage Portion of the said Henrietta, as had been retained by him as aforesaid, and which Sum, so retained by him, was paid by him to the said James O’Reilly: and a Power having been by the said Deed, of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand Even hundred and ninety-nine, re-.m served

46° GEORGII III. Cap. HU

fervid to the said James the younger to charge the Lands comprize! in the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, with a further jointure of 1 hrec hundred Pounds for the said Henrietta, in lieu of the said Annuity of Three hundred Pounds, so intended to have been charged by the said 01 ver on his own Lands, and which he had, as aforesaid, conveyed to Trustees for that Purpose; the said James O’Reilly the younger by Deed of Release, bearing Date the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, in pursuance of said Agreement, and of said Power, charged said Lands comprized in the said Deed of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, which said Annuity of Three hundred Pounds for said Henrietta, in case of her surviving the said James her Husband, but the said Annuity of One hundred Hounds by Way of Jointure for the said Henrietta, and also the said Power of charging the Lands aforesaid with a further Annuity for her, of Three hundred Pounds* and the Execv ion thereof by the said last-mentioned Deed are absolute Nullities, inasmuch as the said Thomas beingTenant for Life, and the said James the younger being Tenant in Tail in Remainder, had no Power whatever to create such Lien and Incumbrances, without levying Fines and fullering Recoveries of said Estates, which Fines and Recoveries cannot be levied or fu fie red without letting in all the Debts of the said Thomas and James O’Reilly upon the said Llfates without providing a proper Mode for their Discharge, whereby the said James, and the 'did Henrietta, and the Issue of the said Marriage, would be deprived of all Means of Support: And whereas by the said Deeds cf One thousand fevt.i hundred. and ninety-nine, now in recital, the said several Lands, which were comprized in the said Deeds of Settlement of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, were limited in Uriel Settlement to the First and other Son of the said James the younger, by the said Henrietta and their respective llfue Male, with divers Remainders over, and a Power was fought thereby to be granted to the said James the younger to charge the said Lands comprized in laid Settlement of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, with a Jointure of Two hundred Pounds for any after-taken Wife, in case the said James he younger should survive the said Henrietta; and a further Power was thereby fought to be created, enabling the lard James the younger to charge the lame Lands with the Sum of One thousand Pounds, as and for such Children as he might have by any such aftertaken Wife: And whereas by the fame Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it was expressly covenanted, that the said Thomas and James the younger, should, in the Michaelmas Term then next ensuing, levy Fines and fuller Recoveries in due Form of Law, of the Lands comprized in said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and that !uch Fines and Recoveries should enuie to the several Uses and Trulls created by the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, now in recital; and ic was thereby declared, that the Lands comprized in the Will of the said James the cider, and also the Lands comprized in the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, all which were by the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and ninety.nine vested in the said Trustees therein named, were so vested in them, subject to the several Uses, Trulls, and Limitations created thereof by the said Will of the said 7antes the elder: And whereas, by an Order of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, bearing Date the Twenty-eighth Day of January One y thousand

H 46° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. Hr.

Ihoufand eight hundred and three, in a certain Cause then and there depending, the hud Charles Martin and 'Thomas Batter fry were removed from the Trulls vested in them by the salt! Deed of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on the Eighth Day of February One rhon-sand e*ght hundred and three, Jernes O’Reilly of Mill Castle in the County of Westmeath Esquire, and Philip Tuite Dalton of Nczfr Cafrli in the said County of Meath Esquires were approved ot and appriin'ed in their Stead, and proper Deeds, conveying the said Tiufts to tire said new T riftees, were duly perfected by the said Morton and Batte Jbv, and the aid Trull is now abfuiutely vested in the said James G* it fitly of Mill C.iJIT and the said RbiUip Tuite Dalton: And whereas the said several Creditor ' of she said James the elder, as well as those comprized in the said Schedule as others, have not become executing Parties to the said Deed of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and aTe not bound thereby, and have not 6nTy refused to accept Payment of their respective Demands, or the Interefc thereof, in the Manner, and according to’the Arrangement and Provisions made and intended by said Deed, but have become pressing for the full and immediate Payment of their said respective Demands, and some of them have actually taken legal Proceedings to extend the saidfev^raf Lands and Piemi'es, and other Means to obtain such Payment, whefeby, and by the said several Fatalities, the Arrangements made and intended to have been earned into Effect by the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the fame aie wholly frustrated, and the said James the younger and his Family, for whose Provision and Support these Deeds contained express Covenants, are now likely to be wholly deprived of all Means of Support, and also the Children of the said James, who were so intended to be beneficially provided for by the said Deed of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, are likely to be deprived Of all Means of Maintenance and Education, and the said Proviff n so intended for said Henrietta, the Wife of the said James the younger, in case of her surviving the said James, and for the younger Children of the said Jernes and Henrietta, are wholly imperfect, notwithstanding a considerable Fart of the Fortune of the said Henrietta has been applied in Part Discharge of the Interest due upon the Foot of the said Schedule Debts; and the said James the younger upon his own Credit, and by the Aid of his Friends, has been obliged to raise several large Sums of Money lor the Payment of several or those Debts in which he had so joined his Father, and which had not been contracted by himself, or on his Account, and which he was obliged to pay to preserve his Person from threatened Arrclts, and is in daily Apprehension of being himself arrested and thrown into Prisonj and he has also been obliged, annually, at a very great Exprnce, to insure his Life, in order to quiet the Fears of several of his Creditors, who, knowing, that he had, or could have no Ellate.bur for Life, were alarmed for the Security of their respective Demands, and the Law Expences of such Proceedings by said Creditors against said Ellate are daily accumulating to the further Injury thereof, and the Difrrefsof the Parties so depending thereon: And whereas, by the fax6 James the younger having executed the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, without having made Provision for the Payment of the Debts of the said Thomas, For which he had given his own personal Security as aforesaid, the Object of said Deeds are defeated, and the several Persons whose Benefit was the thief Consideration of said Deeds of One th.Qufand seven hundred and

ninety-

46’ GEORGII III. Cap. 141. 2925

ninety-nine, are involved in great and insurmountable Difficulties, from whence they cannot be relieved but by the Interposition of Parliament:

And whereas, although the said Annuity payable to the said Thomas O’ Reilly has ceased, and other Annuities have also ceased, yet, by the Loss of lev eral Interests in Part of said Estates, which expired upon the Death of the said Thomas, to wit, the Interest in the said Lands of LiJ'nagun and Rathmay, and by the Increase of the annual Charges upon the said Estate, in consequence of the Death of the said Thomas, to wit, the Interest of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds for the Portions of the younger Children of the said Thomas O’Reilly, which said Sum of Five thousand Pounds became due and payable upon the Death of the said Thomas; and by the said Annuities of Four hundred Pounds, and One hundred Pounds, payable to the said Margaret O'Reilly, the Widow of the said Thomas, and Mother of the said James, the anr.ual Produce of the said Estates after Payment of the Annuities, and the Interest of the Charges aforesaid, is not iner'eased, but is nearly of the fame Amount as before the Death of the said Thomas: And whereas several of the said Creditors have already proceeded against the Whole of the Estates, and others are proceeding to obtain Elegits and Custodiams against the said Estates, and some are also threatening to issue, and others have actually issued Executions against the Person of said James: And whereas several Parcels of full-grown and other Timber, and Timber Trees, are now Handing and growing in and upon the Estates, and particularly upon Parts thereof demised for the Term of Two hundred Years and upwards, the Produce of which Timber Trees, if cut down and disposed of, would enable the said James O’Reilly to pay off and discharge a Part of the said Debts, which would be beneficial to all Parties, as well as to the said Wife and Children of the said James O’Reilly: Therefore, at the humble Request of the said James (y Reilly the younger and of the said James O'Reilly of Mill Castle, and Philip Tuite Dalton EGquires, the Trustees appointed by the said Court of Chancery in the Room and Stead of the said Charles Morton and Thomas Batterjhy, as aforesaid: Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that and those the several Towns, Prcraifes Lands, and Tenements comprized in the said Deeds of the Eleventh Day ^heu vested of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; (that is to in Trustees say), all and singular the Towns and Lands of Hawksfield otherwise Bal- fors trafna in the County of Meath, the 1’own and Lands of Garryrallagb, mentioned. Kilbride, Knocknavan, Derrirdrum, Ballir.gross, and Polereagh, Upper Mon-rlcry, Cornemucklagh, and Barcony, Derrin, Carlijla otherwise CorliJUe,

Drumkilly otherwise Drumkelly, with the Water Corn Mill thereon, Ard-lozu otherwise Ardlough, Cion mult, Gortmjhangan otherwise Bingfield, Killy cannon, Creenan otherwise Creenazv, Shrananornogue, Cornajeer, Kilmain-bam, and Shannoiv, in the said County of Cavan and Bally comoil, and Sloruf-town, in the County of Westmeath \ and also the Park or Parcel of Ground situate in the County of the Town of Drogheda, called The Plague Park, and divers Houses, Tenements, and Parcels of Ground, fttuate in the said County of the Town of Drogheda, with their and every of their Appurtenances, Subdenominations, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, be, and the same are hereby vested in the said James Q'Rttlly of Mil! Ctijiie and Philip Tuite Dalton Elouires, Jame\ Henry Cottingham IL'C. & Par.] [31Y] and

?<)26

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

and Francis Blaclburne, both of the City of Dublin, Esquires, Barriers a-. Law, their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trust nevertheless, and to and upon the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein-after mentioned and declared of and concerning the same respectively; (that is to say), that the said James O'Reilly, Philip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, and Francis Blackburns, and the Survivors and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, with all convenient Speed, but by and with the Consent of the said James 0*Redly of Baltraf-na, testified by his being an executing Parity to such Deed or Deeds as may be necessary for the Purpose, raise by Sale or Mortgage of a competent Part of all and singular the said several Lands la ft mentioned and let forth, in the said Deed of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three mentioned and contained, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be sufficient, in the first Place, to pay off and discharge the Expences which shall have been incurred by soliciting this Act, and by the Execution of the Trusts thereof, and in the next Place to pay off and satisfy the said Sum of Two hundred Pounds to the said Margaret O'Reilly, and now due to her under the said last-mentioned Deed of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and also the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds so charged upon the said several Lands and Premises mentioned in and by the said Deed of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, for the younger Children of the said Thomas and Margaret, together with such Intcrelt as shall have accrued thereon, as also the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds charged by the said Deed, for the life of the said Thomas, and now vested in Anthony Blackburns Esquire, (which said Charges are mentioned in the Schedule No. i. to this Act annexed); and also such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to pay off and satisfy all and singular the several Debts mentioned in the said Schedule to the Deed of the said Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and in the Schedule No. 2. to this Act annexed, together wich all interest, Costs and Charges due on said Sums respectively, according to the Nature of the said Charges respectively, and which shall hereafter become due for the fame until Payment thereof; and after Payment thereof, then upon the further Trust, that they the said James O'Reilly, Philip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, and Francis Blackburne, and the Survivors and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Alhgns of such Survivor, shall Hand feifrd of such of said Lands and Premises mentioned in the said Deed of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, as shall not be so fold, and of the Equity of Redemption of such of laid Lands as shall be so mortgaged, and of all and singular the other Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Premises, mentioned in the said Deed of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, in Trust, in the first Place, out of the Rents, Hues, and Profits, of all and singular the said several Towns, Lands, and Premises of Derrin, C&r-liflea, Drumkilly, with the Mill thereon, Ardlovj otherwise Ardlough, Clon-tnult, Gortnejhangan otherwise Bing fields Killy canncn, Greenan otherwise Creenaw, Polereagh, Shrananornogue, Cornafeer, Kilmainham, and Shannons, and the said Tenements and Premises in and near to the Town of- Drag heda, or by Mortgage or Sale of a competent Part thereof by and with the like Consent as aforesaid, of the hid James O'Reilly the younger, to

raise

23-2.7

4S9 GEORGII III. Caf. i 41.

raisea Sum of Money fuffieienr to pr.y off and discharge the Paid Sam of One iboufand seven hiindrtd and f if y Pounds, be:.Dg the Remainder of tbs unpaid Debts of the said James O'Reilly it heel d ei, as mentioned anti contained in a Schedule No. 3. to this A6\ annexed, together with ail filtered, Colts, and Charges due, and which shall become due thereon, until paid, and after Payment thereof, then upon the further Trust, that they the said James O' Reilly, Phillip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Cc-lingham, and Fr.ineis Blackburne, and the Survivors and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor do, out 01 the aforesaid mentioned Lands and PremiLs, to wit, the Town and Lands of Derrin, Corlijlea, Drum-killy, with the Mill thereon, Ardlozv otherwise Ardlongh. Chuniutt, GortneJhan^an otherwise Bingfield, Killy cannon., Crcenan otherwise Ore:-naw, Po ereagh, Sbrananorncgue, Kilmambam, Cornafeer, and Shennow, and the Terements and Premises in and near to the Town of Drogheda, pay off and discharge yearly and every Year, to Mary O’Reilly, the Daughter of the said James O’Reilly the elder, and the now Wife of the said Jam s O’Reilly of Mill Castle, the said Annuity of One hundred Pounds lor and during the Term of her natural Life, the fame being charged upon laid laid-mentioned Lands and Premises, by the Codicil to the said Will of the said James O’Reilly the elder, the same to be paid in such Manner and by loch Payments, and subject to such Restrictions and Provisoes, and with such Powers of recovering fame as mentioned and expressed by the said Will; and also that they the said James O’ Reilly, Philip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, and Francis Blackburn, and the Survivors and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such SuTvivor do, out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said several Lands and Premises iaft-most-tioned, pay off and discharge yearly and every Year, to the said Margaret O’Reilly, the Widow of the said Thomas O’Reilly, the said additional Annuity of One hundred Pounds so charged and made payable to her, by the said Deed of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, over and above the said Annuity so fe cured for her by the said Deed of the Fifth March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, lame to be payable in such Manner and by such Gales, and with such Powers of recovering fame, as are mentioned and expressed i/i laid Deed of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and do and shall, out of the Rents* Issues, and Profits of all and singular the said Lands and Premises comprised in the said Deed of Fifth March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and Eleventh September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or such Parc thereof as shall remain unfold, pay off and discharge yearly and every Year to the said Margaret O’Reilly, the said Annuity of Four hundred Pounds so charged and made payable to her by the said Deed of Fifth March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, in such Manner and by such Gales, and with such Powers of recovering the fame, as are mentioned and expressed in said Deed; and after the Payment of said last-jnentinned Annuities, then to the several Uses, Intents, and Pur-poffs in the said Deeds of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and of the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, mentioned and declared, save and except such of the said Uses and Trults, and the Charges in the said Deeds contained, and thereby created, as areby this Act otherwise provided for, and to no other Ufe, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever j and upon this further Trust, that they the 2 said

-928 4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

said James O'Reilly, Philip cTui(e Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, and Francis Blackbutne, and the Survivors and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor do, and shall pay and apply the Money which shall be so raised by such Mortgage or Mortgages, or the Purchase Money to be raised by such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, of the Towns Lands, and Pre-fnifes so mentioned in the said Deed of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-chree, and the Rents, Ififues, and Profits of said Premises (the Quit, Crown, and Head-Rents due theieout respectively, and the Renewal Fines aforesaid of the Leasehold Premises being ai(o thereout paid), until such Mortgage or Mortgages, Sale or Sales as aforesaid, shall be made in the first Place in Payment and Discharge of the Costs and Expences which shall have occurred in soliciting this Act, with Interest until paid, and in the next Place, in Payment of the said Charge of Two thousand Pounds to the said Anthony BLackburne, in whom the fame is now veiled in Trust, as aforesaid; and Thirdly, that they the said James O'Reilly, Philip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, and Francis Blackburne, and the Survivors and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor, do pay and apply the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, together with such Interred as shall be due thereon, pursuant to and at the Rate specified by the said Deed of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to and amongst the younger Children of the said Thomas and Margaret, in Inch Shares and Proportions as they are respe&.vely entitled thereto, under the Terms of the said Deed, subject to such Appointment and Appointments, as are set forth and declared in and by the said Deeds of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, of and concerning the same: And Fourthly, that the said James O'Reilly, Philip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, and Francis Blackburne, and the Survivors and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, out of the Money raised by the Means aforesaid, by Mortgage or Sale of the said Lands and Premises so mentioned in the said Deed of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, pay off and discharge all and every of said Debts, provided for by the said Deed of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and therein and in the said Schedule thereunto, and also in the Schedule No. 2. hereunto annexed, and set forth and mentioned according to their Priority, together with all Imereft and Cods now due, and to grow due respectively thereon; and further, that the said James O'Reilly, Philip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, and Francis Blackburne, and the Survivors and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, out of the Money to be so raised by the Means aforesaid, or by Perception of the Rents, Issues, and Profits, or by the Sale or Mortgage of the said several Lands and Premises, so charged with and appointed to be sold for the Payment of the said Sum of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, the remaining Part of the out-standing Debts of the said James O'Reilly the elder, pay and discharge said Debts, or so much thereof, as shall remain due, and all Interest and Colls due, and to grow due thereon respectively, until paid.

Premises to te

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and

(uwlrances.0* every such Part and Parts of said several Lands and Premises as shall be so necessarily fold for the rel'pedive Purposes aforesaid, and every of them, shall (land absolutely freed and discharged of and from all and singular the

Charges

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 141. s>®9

Charge?, Annuities, and other Incumbrances, created by the said Deed of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety*-nine, and the Debts mentioned in the said Schedule thereunto annexed, and the said Annuity so charged for the said Henrietta O’Reilly, by the said Deed of the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and all other Charges and Incumbrances what foe ver aff. ding the fame, and also of and from all and every U e, Yruit,

Limitation, Power, and Agreement limited, declared, or exp relied of and concerning the same, either by the said Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, or laid Deeds of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or by any other of said Deeds or Will herein-belore in Part recited, save only as to the Equity of Redemption of such of said Lands and Premises as shall be so as aforesaid mortgaged for the said Purposes: Provided that no greater or other Part of the said Lands and Premises respectively so appointed to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be fold than shall be sufficient for the said Purposes respectively mentioned, and that all such Part or Parts as may be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be sold for the mod Money and bell Price that can be had or gotten for the fame: Provided always rhat every Sale of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be had, by Publick Auction in the Chancery Chamber, or in the Royal Exchange Coffee Room in the City of Dublin, or in fame other publick Room or Place in the City of Dublin, in which Sales of Lands are and have been accustomed to be had in said City, between the Hours of Twelve and Four o’Clock in the Afternoon, and that Notice of such Sale and Sales, and of the Time and Place appointed for the fame, shall be given, by ac lead: Three several and successive Publications of an Advertisement for that Purpose, in the Dublin Gazette, and Two or more of the Newfpape s publiftoed in the said City, One of which Publications in the said Gazette and Newspapers shall be made at lead One Calendar Month before the Day appointed for such Sale, and each of which Advertiseraents shall express the Name* Situation, and General Description of each Denomination intended to be sold, with the Name of the Person or Persons occupying tire fame, and the Rents payable thereout, and the Tenure or Term under which the same shall be held at the Time of such Advertisement, and that the said Towns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, and every Part thereof, shall be fold, pursuant to such Advertisement, at the Time and Place thereby appointed for such Sale, or at feme Adjournment thereof, of which Adjournment, if such be Lad, at leaf! Eight Days Notice shall be given in the Dublin Gazette, and Two of the said Dublin Newspapers, in Manner aforesaid, to the higheff and fairest Bidder.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That Receipt*of' the Receipt and Receipts of the said James O’Reilly, Dkilip Tuite b*

Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, and Francis Blackburne, or of the Discharge. Survivors or Survivor of them, indorsed on any Deed or Deeds of Mortgage or of Sale hereafter to be had, done, or made of the said several Lands and Premises respectively, or any Part thereof, shall be good and sufficient Discharges to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for all or such Sum or

[Lw.fcf/V.] [32!/] Sums -

46° GEORGII ID. Cap. r4i.

Sums of Money as shall be paid to the said Trustees, or either of them, or to the Heirs of the Survivor of them; and that such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Purchaser or Purchasers, shall not be answerable or accountable for the Application or Mihipplication of the Money so paid by him or them as aforesaid, or be obliged to fee or attend to the Application thereof; and that such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Purchaser or Purchasers, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have, hold, and enjoy all such of the said Lands and Premises which shall be conveyed or assigned to them respectively by the said Trustees, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or by the Heirs of the Survivor of them, under such Sale or Sales, Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, freed, exonerated, and discharged of and from all and singular the said several Debts, Annuities, and Incumbrances mentioned in the said Deeds of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and fe-venty-three, and the Eleventh Day of September Ooe thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and in the Schedule hereto annexed, and in the said Deed of the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, or in the said Will of the said James O' Reilly the elder, and all other Debts, Incumbrances, and Annuities affecting the fame, lave and except as is herein-before particularly excepted; and also from all and every the Uses and Estates, Trulls and Limitations, Powers and Agreements mentioned and comprized in the said Deeds of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and of the said Deed of the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and of the said Deed of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and in the Will of the said James O'Reilly the elder, and all other Deeds herein-before in Part recited, or otherwise. fmee the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred ard seventy-three; and further, that all and every Deed of Conveyance, Assignment, Mortgage, or Sale, which shall be made and executed of ali or any of said Lands and Premises under this Act by the said Trustees, or either of them, or by the Heirs of the Survivor, shall be good and valid both in Law and Equity to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Surplus Money arising by such Sale or Sales shall remain in the Hands of the said James O' Reilly of MiU Castle, Philip 7'ui:e Dalton, James Henry C$tting-ham, and Francis Blackburne, or the Survivors or Survivor of rhem, his Heirs or Adigns, then and in such Case all such SuTplus Money shall, with all convenient Speed, with the Consent of the said James O'Reilly of Bal-trafna, or the Person or Persons for the Time being who shall be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased, or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, be laid out and inverted, under and subject to the Direction of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, in pursuance of an Order or Orders for that Purpose to be obtained on Motion or Petition, in a summary Way, in the Purchase of Freehold Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, situate in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Iraland called Ireland, or Hereditaments convenient to be held therewith, and that all and singular the freehold Manor* and other Hereditaments, which shall be

46° GEORGII III. Q/p. j.;t. 2931

te so purchased as aforesaid, shall be conveyed, settled, and allured to, foT, and upon such and so many of the Dies, Estate?, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to such and so many of the Powers, Fro-vifoes, Declarations, and Agreements, limited, created, declared, or expressed by the said Indenture of Settlement of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and of the said Deed of the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, of an i concerning the said Hereditaments hereby veiled as aforesaid, as shall be then undetermined and capable of taking Effect.

V. And be it further enacted, That, until such Purchase shall be.made Tin P-urchaf-is-as aforesaid, the Residue or Surplus of the Monies arising from such Sale J yTote’pa°<j or bales as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Trustees or Trullee for the into the Bmk. Time being, without Fee or Reward, into the Bank of Ireland, in the oi Ireland* Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the

High Court of Chancery of Ireland, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the said James O'Reilly of Mill-castle, Philip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Co/tingham, and Francis Bhekburne, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assignss, pursuanc to the Method prescribed by the Irish Statute of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth of George the Third, Chapter Twenty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court; and shall,when so paid in, be laid out in the Purchase of Irish Government Debentures, or Irish Treasury Bills; and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the Purchase of Debentures or Treasury Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant-General, in the Purchase of the like DebenturesorTreasury Bills j all which said Debentures and Treasury Bills shall be deposited in the said Bank in the Name of the said Accountant-General, and shall remain there until a proper Purchase or Purchases be found and approved as before directed, and until the fame shall, upon a Petition, setting forth such Approbation, to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Wav, by or on the Behalf of the said James O'Reilly of Baltrafia, or the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased, or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons being an Infant or Infants, be ordered to be sold; and if ihe Money arising by the Safe of such Debentures or Treasury Bills shall exceed the Amount of the origi-ginal Purchase Money folaid out as aforesaid, then, and in that Cafe only, the Surplus which shall remain after discharging the Expences of the Applications to the Court shall be paid to the Person or Persons respectively who would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore- Trustws nor said, That the said James O'Reilly, and Philip Tuite Dalton James Henry fhcX-fof or Cottingham, and Franiis Blackburns, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, another, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, of each respectively, shall not be charged or chargeable, the one for the Ad, Receipt, or Deed, of the other, nor for any further or other Sum or Sums ot Money, for or in respect of the Premises, than shall actually come to their Hands respectively-

2932

II-

46° GEORGII III.

Cap. 141.

spectively, nor for any Loss or Miscarriage that shall or may happen therein, or in the Execution of said Trusts, without his or their wilful Default/ and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any of them, and for the Heirs of the Survivor of them, out of the Money arising from such Mortgages or Sales, to retain and reimburse themi'eives all such Costs and Charges, as they respectively may sustain, or be put to by the Trust hereby reposed in them, as well ns all such Colls and Expences as may be incurred in applying for, and in and about the obtaining of this Act.

Tr ttees cm-

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said James O’Reilly, Philip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, us. 1 and Francis Blackburne, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, to fell, cut down, and dispose of, or otherwise to make Sale of all the Timber, Trees, and Wood, (landing and growing in and upon all and every of the said several Lands and Premises so comprised in the said Deed of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or such Part or Parts thereof, as shall, by Two competent Surveyots, be deemed eligible and proper to be cut, slave and except the ornamental Timber Tree? (landing and growing in and upon the Demesne belonging to the Mansion-house of Baltrafna, otherwise Hawkfi Id aforesaid, being the family Residence), and to pay and apply the Value and Produce thereof in Discharge of said several Debts in said Schedule to the said Deed of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-ninejand in the Schedule hereunto annexed,provided that said Timber and Timber Trees, and other Wood be fold and disposed of for the mod Money and bed Price that can or may be gotten for the fame, and that the Amount thereof shall be so paid and applied in Discharge of laid Debts and Incumbrances: And further, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said James O’Reilly, and Philip Tuite Dalton, James Henry Cottingham, and Francis Blackkurnc, and the Survivors and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, or the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or the Purchaser or Purchasers, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to procure Renewals of all or any of the Leases for Lives of such of the said Lands as are held under Leases for Lives, renewable for ever, fame to enure to the several Trusts, Intents, and Purposes herein-before mentioned and intended.

AppHcjition°f

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if LTfing0i)jVthe any Surplus Money arising by the Sale or Sales of such Timber, Trees, Timber. and Wood as aforesaid shall remain in the Hands of the said Trustees, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, after Payment and Discharge of the Debts aforesaid j then, and in such Case, all such Surplus Monies shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and upon and for such and the fame Intents and Purposes, in all Respects whatsoever, as is herein-before expressed and declared touching and concerning the Residue or Surplus (if any) of the Monies arising from the Sale of the said Estates hereby veiled in Trust as aforesaid.

General IX. Saving always and reserving to the ting’s most Excellent Majesty*

His Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person or Persons what*

foeTer,

29 33

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14t.

soever. Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns (other than the said Margaret O’Reilly, James O’Reilly, and Henrietta O’Reilly his Wife, and their and every of their Ilfae Male and Female respectively, and their and every of their Heirs, and the said Trnlfees, and several othei Persons who also respectively claim any interest under 'he said several Deeds and Will,) ail his, her, and their Right,

Title, and Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, in or to the said premises, or any of them, every or any Part or Parcel thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence. Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Cs»*3

[Ear. y ?<"-]

The

2934

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

The FIRST SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act, being an Account of Annuities and Charges created by the Deed of the Fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, in said Act mentioned.

To the younger Children of said Thomas O’Reilly and Margaret O’Reilly, otherwise Sibthorpe, his Wife, charged upon the Estate, and provided to be paid by the said Deed of the 5th March 1773 - - £.5,000 o

To the Sum of 2,o®ol. mentioned in said Deed to be charged by said Thomas upon said Estates, and now vested in Anthony Blackburn Esquire - 2,000 o o

To 200I. payable to the said Margaret O’Reilly, and payable to her on the Death of the said Thomas, now deceased ..... 2o» o a

£.7,220 o o

To One Annuity of 400I. a-Year, chargeable upon said Estate, and provided for by the said Deed for the Life of the said Margaret, in case of her surviving the said Thomas, and now payable to her - . £-400 o o

Luke Magrath.

4D° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

2935

O o

The SECOND SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act, being an Account of the Debts set forth in the Schedule to the Deed of the Eleventh Day of September One thous.tnd seven hundred and ninety-nine, in said Act mentioned, and thereby provided for.

1793, JEafler Term.—Due by Judgement in the Court of King’s Beach to John Ferns, a Principal Sum of £.494. 7 8

1795, Trinity Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court to Owen Mullamphv, a Principal Sum of - 1,3+1 18 i\

1796, Michaelmas Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court to Patrick Reilly, a Principal Sum of - 27 9 o

1796, Same Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court to Thomas Fairchild, a Principal Sum of - 159 9 u

1796, Same Term.—Due by Judgement in the said

Court to Patrick Dowell, a Principal Sum of - 2,109 0 5

r . .: /u.f' - *' ‘ 1 '

1797, Hilary Term.—Due by Judgement in the said

Court to Philip Abbott, a Principal Sum of - 800 o o

00

1797, Same Term.—Due by Judgement to the Adignees

of Mark White, a Bankrupt - . - 57 o o

.1797, Trinity Term.—Due by Judgement in the said

Court to James George Dowdall, a Principal Sum of 166 13 o

1798, Trinity Term.—Due by Judgement in the said

Court to Walter Keeting, a Principal Sum of - 246 18 if

1798, Same Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court to Ann and William Binns, a Principal Sum of - 123 2 2

1798, MichaelmasTerm.—Due by Judgement in the said

Court to Owen Mullamphy, a Principal Sun of - 1,163 8 o

1798, Same Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court to the said Owen Mullamphy, a Principal Sum of 557 10 o

1799, Hilary Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court to William Jones, a Principal Sum of - 568 5 0

1799, Trinity Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court, to Robert Doughty, a Principal Sum of - 720 8 o

1797, Earter

*93&

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.1.

1797. Easter Term.—Due by Judgement in the Court of Common Pleas, to John Firns, a Principal Sum of £.814 o o

1797, Same Term.'—Due by Judgement in the said

Court to Ralph Clarke, a Principal Sum of - 200 o 0

1798, Michaelmas Term,—Due by Judgement in the

laid Court to James Bird, a Principal Sum of 69 8 o

1799, Trinity Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court to Anthony O’Reilly Esquire, a Principal Sum of - 1,018 u

1796, Michaelmas Term.—Due by Judgement in the Court of Exchequer to Walter Brady, a Principal Sum of - - 123 18 6

1798, Easter Term.—Due by Judgement in the said

Court to William Webb, a Principal Sum of - too o o

1799, Trinity Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court to Anthony Blackburne Esquire, a Principal

Sum of . 323 5 6

1799, Same Term.—Due by Judgement in the said Court to Samuel Adams, a Principal Sum of - 1,548 2 10

Due by Judgement in the to Robert Etfltine, a Principal Sum of - 800 o o

£.13,642 18 o|

Luke Magrath.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

2937

The THIRD SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act, being an Account of the Debts of James O’Reilly the elder, dt-ceased, in said Ail named, remaining unpaid, and charged upon the Lands mentioned and devised by his Will s and also . an Annuity charged upon said Lands by said Will.

Due trr Assignee of the Legatee of Captain Arrhur Fitzgerald, a Principal Sum of - - £.i,coo o

Due to the Assignee of Walter Brady 500 o o

Due to the Legatee of Matthew Connor - - 150 o o

Due to the Legatee of Michael O’Reilly - - too o o

£.1,750 o o

To an Annuity chargeable upon said Ellate for the Life of Mary O’Reilly, the Daughter of James O’Reilly,

Esquire, deceased, and the Wife of James O’Reilly,

oj Mill Cattle, Elijuire - - £ 100 0 o

To an Additional Annuity charged by the Deed of 1799, for Margaret O’Reilly the Wife of Thomas O’Reilly, for her Life - - - £ 100 o o

Luke Magrath,

The

[Lac. & fee.]J

[3* I'J

2933 46°GEdR<2lI III. Cap. x^i.

The FOURTH SCHEDULE containing an Account of the Income of thtf Estates settled by the Deed of the nth Day of September 1799, in the foregoing Act mentioned:

County of Meath County of Cavan

County of Westmeath County of the Town i Drogheda -

nominations

Pollereagh

Monnery

Cornemucklagh and its Sud-denominations Barcony Corlillea Drumkiily Ardlow Derrin Bingfiekl Killicannon

Creneur Kilmainham Shannow Ballicomoile Plague Park and Tenements

53* 3 9

145 cS

>43 3

219 IO 2'x

8 13 6

( Subject to £.134 13 I Chief Rent

Head Rent Head Rent I Head Rent

40 o

*500

40 o 0

Head Rent 90 Ij

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 142.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Edward Denny Baronet, of Tralee, in the County of Kerry, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the fame, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[21st July j 806. j

WHEREAS Sir Barry Denny, late of Tralee Castle, in the sir Barry County of Kerry, Baronet, deceased, was, on and before the Denny de Twelfth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ccafed leifed ninety-one, leifed for Life, with Remainder to his Son Barry Denny certain Vie Esquire, in Tail Male, subject to several Incumbrances, affecting the mises. fame, of and in all that and those the Cattle, Town, Lands, andj' Manor of Tralee, otherwise Denneyvalley and Cajllemore, with its several Subdenominations and Appurtenances, and of the Advowsons of Tralee, Ballynahaglish, Clogherbrien, and Anagb, and of the Towns and Lands of Kerry's and Ballyenagbt, Knockenab, Bally M'Egoge, Toneyvane, Lifcabane,

Gurrane, Barranlabcjfery, Duagb and Killbally la biffe, Cappaclough, Glan-lough, Derrymore, Lijtcllickey, Taulogbt, Kifenura, Killecrijk, Clownmore,

Castle-Countejs, Clough'eigh, Ratbnoonane, Barrow and Abby-house, together with the Five Pounds Yearly Rent ilfuing the reour, Cnockicar-rigyne, being Part of Glonlough, Newmanor, Clounalcwne, Ballyvelly,

Lobercannon, and Clogherbrien, Kerry's, Lijltim, Cabirard, Bally-

garron, the Six Plough Lands of Knockanujb, Gortinpopa, Balia nagh,

Gortduff, Ciivierjland, P la keen, Gorlacal/ronig, Gortamanteen, Gortailcomn,

[Z.of. is?. P*r.] 32 2 Gortakerry-

2942

Articles of Agreement, dated 12 th January

Lease and Rc-Ji-afe of 23d February J792, made in pursuance of lall recited Articles. -

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 142.

Gortakerrydore, the Manor of Tauloght Laherin, East. and Wert: Manor, Tourlihy, Mon av ally, the Tythes of Bally nahaglish, Crump an erickard* Cahirina, Clounanorig, Claunalour, Cahirnamee, Carravagh, East and West: Curraheen, and a Chief Rent of Four Pounds a Year, issuing out of the Lands of 0'Brcnan% of Eleven Pounds out of the Lands of Clabane, of Twelve Pounds out of the Lands of Carrignefeely, of Ten Pounds Two Shillings out of the Lands of Skeabanagb, and Ten Shillings out of the Lands of Lijlry, of Ten Shillings out of the Abbey of Ardfert and Thirteen Shillings and Fourpence out of Morris's Tenement in the Town of Tralee, all fituace, lying, and being in the County of Kerry, and amounting to the net Sum of Seven thousand Pounds and upwards per Annum: And whereas by indented Articles of Agreement, bearing Date on or about the said Twelfth Day of January, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one. and made between the said Sir Barry Denny and Barry Denny, his eldest Son, of the First Part; Rowland Bateman of Oak Park, in the County of Kerry Esquire, since defeased, and Richard Townsend Herbert of Gahernane, in the said County, Esquire, of the Second Part; Thomas Henry Royce of Ndntenan, in the County of Limerick, and John Blennerhajfett of Elm Grove, in the County of Kerry Esquires, (both since deceased,) of the Third Part 3 Thomas Morgell, eldest Son of Crojlie Morgell of Mount Morgell, in the County of Limerick, and Edward Denny, fihee deceased, Esquires, of the Fourth Parti and the said Crosbie Morgell and Ann Morgell Spinster, his Daughter, of the Fifth Part, previous to and in Contemplation of a Marriage, then intended, between the said Barry Denny the Younger and Anne Morgell, they the said Sir Barry Denny and Barry Denny, covenanted and agreed to levy a Fine, and suffer a Recovery of all and singular the said Castle, Manor, Towns, Lands, and Premises, and thereupon to grant and convey all and singular the said Premises, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, in said Articles particularly mentioned: And whereas the said intended Marriage was afterwards duly solemnized, and the said Sir Barry Denny and Barry Den* ny did, as of Michaelmas Term, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, levy a Fine and suffer a Recovery of all the said Premises: And whereas, in purfuailce and Execution of the said in Part recited Articles, a Settlement, by Way of Lease and Release, the Release bearing Date the Twenty-third Day of February in the Year of Our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, was duly made and executed between the several Parries to the said Articles above named; and by the said Settlement the said Sir Barry Denny, and Barry Denny his Son, did grant, release and convey unto the said Richard Townsend Herbert and Rowland Bale-man, and to their Heirs and Assigns, all the said herein-before mentioned Premises, whereof the said Sir Barry Denny and Barry Denny were feifeci as aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, subject, however, to the Incumbrances then affecting the fame, and to an Annuity of Five hundred Pounds a-Year during the joint Lives of the said Sir Barry Denny and Barry Denny, thereby provided for the said Barry Denny 3 and to a Joiiture of One thousand Pounds a-Year thereby provided for the said Anne Denny, otherwise Morgell3 and to a certain Provision made for her by Way of Pin Money: and to a further Jointure of Five hundred Pounds a year, thereby provided for her, in cale the said Barry Denny should die without Issue Male; to the Use of the said Sir Barry Denny and his Assigns for Life, with Remainder to the said Rowland Bateman and Richard Townsend Herbert, in Trust 10 preserve Contingent Remainders, with Remainder

subject

2943

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 142*

subject as aforesaid, and also subject to an additional Jointure of Two hundred Pounds a Year, hv said Indenture provided for Dame Jane Denny, Wife of the said Sir Barry Denny j and a Trull Term of Five hundred Yifars hereinafter mentioned, to the Use of the said Barry Denny the Younger and his Assigns for Life, with Remainder to the said Trustees, to preserv Contingent Remainders, with Remainder subject to the said Incumbrances and Jointures, and to Two Trust Terms, One of Three hundred Years, from the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and vested in the said Thomas henry Royce and John Blennehajfett , and the other of Five hundred Years aboVementioned from the said Thirteenth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and vested in the said Thomas ft'Ior-gell dnd Edward Denny, to the Use of the First and every other Son of the said Barry Denny on the said Anne, or upon any after-taken Wife to be begotten, in Tail Male, with Remainder to Edward Denny, Second Son of the said Sir Barry, and now Sir Edward Denny Baronet, For Life, without Impeachment of Wade, with Remainder to the said Trustees, to preserve Contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the First and every other Son of the said Edward Denny in Tail Male, with like Remainders to Henry, Arthur, Maynard, and Anthony Denny, the Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Sons of the said Sir Barry Denny, severally and successively for Life, and their First and other Sons in Tail Male respectively, with Remainder to any after-begotten Sons of the said Sir Barry Denny, in Tail Male, with Remainder to the said Edward Denny, Party to the said Settlement, for Life, with Remainder to his First and every other Son in Tail Male, with Remainder to the said Barry Denny the Younger, his Heirs and Assigns; and the Trulls of the Lid Term for Three hundred Years, were declared to be for the better securing the Jointures of One thousand Pounds and Five hundred Pounds, provided for the said Anne Denny, and the additional Jointure of Two hundred Pounds a Year, provided for the said Dame Jant Denny; and also for the Purpose of raising Portions for the Younger Children of the said Barry Denny, and the Trulls of the Term for Five hundred Years were declared to be, by Sale or Mortgage of a competent Part of the said Premises, comprised in such Trull-term, to raise a Sum of Six thousand four hundred Pounds, with Interest for the fame, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum by the Year, from the First Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and ninety, and pay the same to the Reverend Maynard Denny of Church Hill, in the County of Kerry, with a Proviib, however, that no Part of the Principal of the said Sum of Six thousand four hundred Pounds should be raised for Twelve Years, to be computed from the Twelfth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, unless with the Consent of the said Crosbie Morgell: Provided that the Interest of the said principal Sum should be regularly paid; and upon Trull also, after the Decease of the said Sir Barry Denny, and the Expiration of a Term of Fifteen Years, to be computed from the said Twelfth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to raile the Sum of Four thousand Pounds with Interest, at the Rare of Six Pounds per Centum by the Year, to commence from the Death of the said Sir Barry Denny, as an additional Provision for the Younger Children of the said Sir Barry Denny: And whereas, under and by virtue of the said herein in Part recited Articles and Settlement, a Power was granted to the said Sir Barry Denny and

Barry

29+4

Indenture of Lease and Sdeafe, dated 31st December >793-

Sir Barry Denny died 20th April 1794., without I flue, _ leaving his iccond Brother Edward, now St Edward Denny Baronet, him surviving.

Marriage of said Sir Ed-wa»d Denny with Elizabeth Day,

46° GEO R GII III. Cap. 142.

Barry Benny, at any Time during their joint Lives, by and with the Approbation of the said Crosbie Morgell, testified under his Hand and Seal, to charge the said settled Premises with any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Eleven Thousand Pounds, which Power they afterwards fully executed: And whereas he said Barry Benny the Younger, being seised of the Reversion in Fee aforesaid, did, by Indentures of Lease and Release, the Release bearing Date the Thirty-first Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and mentioned to be rmde between the said Barry Benny, by the Name of Barry Benny Esquire, Eldest Son of Sir Barry Benny of 'Tralee Castle, in the County of Kerry, Baroner, of the First Parr, Rowland. Bateman of Oak-park in the County of Kerry, and Richard Townsend Herbert of Caharnane in the said County, Esquires, of the second Part, and the Reverend Maynard Benny, of Church-Hill in the County of Kerry, Clerk, Youngest Brother of the said Sir Barry Benny, of the Third Part, grant and convey the said Reversion of and in the Whole of the said Premises, to the said Rowland Bateman, and Richard Townsend Herbert, and their Heirs, to the Use of the said Reverend Maynard Benny for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the said Rowland Bateman and Richard Townsend Herbert, to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to Barry Denny, the Eldest Son of the said Reverend Maynard Denny for Life, with Remainder to the said Trustees to preserv contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the First, and every other Son of the said Barry Denny, the eldtft Son of the said Maynard in Tail Male, with like Remainder to Thomas Stoughton Benny, Anthony, Arthur, and Edward Denny, the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Son and Sons of the said Reverend Maynard Benny, severally successlvely, and their first and other Sons in Tail Male respectively, with Remainder to all and every the other Son and Sons of the said Reverend Maynard Benny, severally and fuc-cefiively, according to Seniority in Tail Male, and with Remainder to the said Barry Denny, his Heirs and Assigns: And whereas the said Sir

Barry Benny died on or about the Twentieth Oay of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the said Barry Benny the Younger, died without leaving Issue, and leaving his second Brother, now Sir Edward Benny, who, upon the Death of his said Brother Barry Denny, became feiied of an Estate for Life in said Premises, under the herein-before in Part recited Articles and Settlement, subject to the Charges affecting the fame j and, in particular, the Jointures of One thousand five hundred Pounds, provided for the said Dame Anne Benny, who has since married Lieutenant-General John Floyd: And whereas the said Henry Benny the Third Son, and Arthur Denny the Fourth Son of the said Barry Benny, and the said Edward Denny, Party to the said Articles and Settlement, are all dead, withouc leaving Issue Male: And whereas the said Maynard Denny, the Son of the said Sir Barry Denny, arid Barry Benny the Son of the Reverend Maynard Denny, have attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and none of them have any Issue-, and the other Sons of the Reverend Maynard Benny, and the said Anthony Denny, the YoungeftSon of the said Sir Barry Denny, are Minors: And whereas the said Sir Edward Denny Baronet hath, since the Decease of his said Father, and of his said Brother Sir Barry Benny the Younger, intermarried with Elizabeth Day, the only Daughter of the Honourable Robert Bay, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Court of King’s

Bench

46° GEORG! I III. Cap. 142. 2945

Bench in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and, previous and Inden-to i'uch Marriage, did convey and grant, by Deeds of Lease and Release, the Release bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of May One thousand 1D pursuance seven hundred and ninety-five, and made between the said Robert Day thereof, dat-and Elizabeth Day, his Daughter, of the First Part; the said Sir Edward ed 26thMa7 Denny of the Second Pan; Stephen Edward Rice and Henry Denny above- *795* mentioned of the Third Part; and the said Robert Dayt Stephen Edward Rice, and Henry Denny of the Fourth Part, his said Life Estate and all other his Interest in the said Premises, to the said Henry Denny, Stephen Edward Rice, and Robert Day, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs of the Survivor, to the Uses and upon the Trusts in said Indenture mentioned: And whereas there are now Issue of the Marriage of the said Sir Edward Denny and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Denny, Robert Day Denny, and Henry Denny, and several Daughters: And whereas no Power was given to the several Persons who should, after the Death of the said Sir Barry Denny and of the said Barry Denny the Younger, without issue Male, be entitled to the said Premises, as Tenants for Life, to make Leases of any Part of the said Premises, except in the Town and Borough of Tralee: And whereas there is a Medicinal Spring or Spa upon the Lands of Baltygarron, Part of the said Premises, which is much rcforted to in the proper Seasons by Invalids and other Visitors, and would be more frequented but for Want of fit and sufficient Accommodations; and it would be'highly advantageous to all the Persons interested in the said Estate, and would raise the Value of the neighbouring Farms, that the Persons entitled to Estates for Life in the said Premises, under the Settlement aforesaid, should, under certain Re-ftriChons, have a Power of making long Leases for the Purpose of building contiguous to the said Spa; and it would be also further advantageous to all the Persons interested in the said Estates, that the respective Tenants for Life should have a Power to make a long Lease of the Lot of Ground upon which the Manor Mills, now in a decayed State, stand, for the Purpose of erecting a Bolting Mill, Brewery, or Distillery thereon t And whereas a considerable Part of the said Estates are situate on the Bay of Tralee and Harbour of Barrow, and it would be advantageous to have a Power of demifing some Parts of the fame for long Terms of Lives or Years, for the Purposes of building Stores, Warehouses, or other Buildings: And whereas the several Persons entitled to Incumbrances upon said Premises, which Incumbrances amount to the Sum of Forty-nine thousand and Ten Pounds, seventeen Shillings and Fivepence Halfpenny, are become very prtfling for the Payment of their respective Demands, and are proceeding to inforce a Sale of the said Estates by the Decree of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and it would be highly advantageous to all the Persons interested in the said Estates, that said Demands should be paid off; but said several Purposes cannot be effectually executed without the Authority of Parliament; therefore, at the Petition and Request of the said Sir Edward Denny Baronet, and by and with the Consent of the said Dame Jane Denny, Maynard Denny, the Reverend Maynard Denny, and the Reverend Barry Denny, his eldest Son, be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Fee and Inheritance of all that and those the Castle, Town, and The Castle, fc? Per.} 33 A Lands Town»

Land*, and Manor of Tralee, o-tiler wile Dehnyvally and Castle-thore, with orher Pre-miles in the County of Kerry, veiled in Trustees.

46° GEORGII ILL Cap. 142.

Lands and Manor of Tralee, otherwise Denneyvally and Cafilmore> with its several Subdenominations and Appurtenances, and of the Advowsons of Tralee, Ballynabagiish, Clogberbrien, and Anagh, and of the Towns and Lands of Kerrys and Bally e.eight, Knockenagh, Bally M’Egoge, Tone-vane, UJcahane, Currane and Farranlaghejferry, Duagh, and Killballyla-hiffe, Cappeiclotigb, Glanlough, Derry more, Li/lellickey, Tougloght, Kilfenu-ra, Killecrijk, Clownmore, Castle Countess, Cloughteigh, Ratbnoonanc, Barrow, and Abby house, together with the Five Pounds Yearly Rent, issuing the reout, Cnockicarrigyne, being Part of Glanlough, Newmanor, Clouna-lowne, Ballyvelty, Lohercannon, and Clogberbrisn, PFcft Kerry's, Lijlrim, Cahirard, Baltygarron, the Six Plough Lands of Knockam/he, Gortinvopa, Balloonab, Gortduffe, Givierjland, Plakecn, Gortacaltronig, Gortamonteen, Gortailcoran, Gortakerrydore, the Manor of Taulagbt, Lahern, East and West Manor, Tourliky, Monavally, the Tythes of Bally nab aglijk, Crum-panerickard, Caherina, Clounanorig, Clounaloure, Ceibirnamce, Curravagbi East and West Currabeen, and a Chief Rent of Four Pounds a-Year issuing out of the Lands of Q'Brenan, of Eleven Pounds out of the Lands of Clabane, of Twelve Pounds out of the Lands of Carrignefeely, of Ten Pounds two Shillings out of the Lands of Skeahanagb. of Ten Shillings out of the Lands of Lijlry, of Ten Shillings out of the Abbey of Ard-fert, and of Thirteen Shillings and Fourpence out of Morris's Tenement in the Town of Tralee, all ficuate, lying and being in the County of Kerry, together with their and every of their Subdenominations and Appurtenances, by whatsoever Name or Names the fame, or any of them, now is, or are, or hath or have been known, called, or distinguished, shall be, and the same are hereby vested and settled in and iipon the said Honourable Robert Day, One of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, Stephen Edward Rice and Richard Townsend Herbert, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged of and from all and every the Estates, Entails, Uses, Limitations, Reversions and Remainders whatsoever, in or by the said Articles of Agreement of the Twelfth Day of "January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or said Deeds of Release of the Twenty-third Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or of the Thirty-first Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or of the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five created, save the Jointures so provided for said Dame Anne Denny, and said Terms of Three hundred and Five hundred Years, upon the Trusts nevertheless, and to and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes hereinafter mentioned, limited, and declared concerning the fames that is to say, upon Trust that the said Robert Day, Stephen Edward Rice, and Richard Townsend Herbert, shall, with all convenient Speed, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Sir Edward Denny, by the Sale or Mortgage of the Whole, or a competent Part of the said Castle, Town, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments aforesaid, in such Manner as they the said Robert Day, Stephen Edward Rice, and Richard Townsend Herbert, or the Survivors or Survivor of them,- and the Heirs of such Survivor shall think fit, raise, levy, and pay, in the First Place, all' the Expences of passing this Act, and the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them; and in the next Place, that they the said Robert Day, Stephen Edward Rice, and Richard

Townsend

2947

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

Townsend Herbert, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, shall and may, by and under the Order and Direction of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be made in a summary Way, on a Petition to be preferred by or on the Behalf of the said Sir Edward Benny, or by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons for the Time being, who shall, by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Deeds, of the Twelfth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and Twenty-third Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be intided to the Possession of the Hereditaments and Premises therein comprised, or to the actual Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, and in Case of the Infancy of the Person or Persons who shall so become intitled as aforesaid, then upon the Petition in like Manner to be preferred of the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants, raise and pay to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto, all such Sum or Sums of Money as now are under the said Deeds of the Twelfth Day January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and Twenty-third Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or otherwise.

Liens upon the said Estate, according to their legal Course of Priority, together with all Interest and Costs now due, or hereafter to grow due thereon, as the said Court shall by any such Order direct to be paid or satisfied; and, upon further Trust, in the mean Time, by Perception of the Profits, to pay off and discharge the accruing Interest upon the different Securities, and the different Gales or Payments of Jointures which shall become due to the said Dame Jane Denny, Dame Anne Denny, otherwise Floyd, and John Floyd, and their respective Assigns, and as to and for all and every the Residue and Remainder of said Castle, Towns,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, which shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid j and as to the Equity of Redemption of such Part or Parts thereof, as shall be mortgaged for the Purposes aforesaid, on Trust for the Person and Persons, Annuitant and Annuitants, who would relpetUvely be intitled to the fame, if this Act had never been made.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore- CIcufe to di-said. That if any Surplus Monies arising from such Sales or Mortgages as rest how the aforesaid, shall remain in the Hands of the said Robert Day, Stephen Edward Rice, and Richard lownfend Herbert, or the Survivors or Survi- Monie°s shall vor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, after such Pay- be applied, nienrs and Disbursements as aforesaid j then, and in such Case, all such Surplus Monies shall be forthwith paid, without Fee or Reward, into the Bank of Ireland, to be placed there to the Account of the said Robert Day, Stephen, Edward Rice, and Richard Townsend Herbert, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Irish Statute of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth ot George the Third, Chapter Twenty-two, an 1 the General Orders of the said Court, and shall, when so paid in, be laid out in the Purebafe of Irish Government Debentures, or Irish Treasury Bills,* and that the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the Purchase of Debentures, or Irish Treasury Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall be lard our in tire Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other like Debentures or Treasury Bills, all which said Debentures and Treasury Bills shall be deposited in the said Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall remain there until a proper Purchase

or

29+8 4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

ot Purchases be found and approved by the Paid Court, and until the same shall upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation to be preferred co the said Court in a summary Way, by or on the Behalf of the said Sir Edward Lenny, or by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons for the Time being, intitled, in Possession, to the Hereditaments and Premises comprized in the said herein-before recited Settlements, or to the actual Receipt of the Rents and Profits, and in case of the Infancy of the Person or Persons !b intitled as aforesaid, then upon Petition, to be preferred as aforesaid, of the Guardian or Guardians of such Infants, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General^ for the completing such Pure hale, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct: And ihat if the Money arising from the Sale of such Debentures or Treasury Bills shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then, and in that Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expence of the Applications to the Court, shall be paid to the Person or Persons respectively, who would have been intitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be pure haled, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons,

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Dame 'Jane Lenny shall have the fame Powers, to recover the i'everal Jointures, to which (he is in» titled, out of such Part of the said Lands or Premises, which-shall not be fold, under the Authority aforesaid, as Ihe would have had, if this Act never had been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipt and Receiprs of the said Robert Lay, Stephen Edward Rice, and Richard Townsend Herbert, or any Two of them, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, indorsed on any Deed or Deeds of Sale, or Mortgage of the Premises hereby vested, to be sold or mortgaged, or of any Part or Parcel thereof, shall be good and sufficient Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, for all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid to the said Robert Lay, Stephen Edward Rice, and Richard Townsend Herbert, or any of them, or to the Survivors or Survivor of them, or to the Heirs of such Survivor; and such Purchaser and Purchasers, Mortgagee and Mortgagees, shall not be accountable for the Application, Misapplication, or Nun-application of the Money so by him or them paid on such Purchase or Purchases, Mortgage or Mortgages; and that each and every Parcel of the said Premises, which shall be fold or mortgaged, either together or separately as aforesaid, upon the Payment of the full entire Purchase Money or Mortgage Money, agreed to be paid for the same, in Manner aforesaid, shall be for ever discharged, acquitted, and exonerated of and from all Manner of Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, Annuities and Jointures, save as aforesaid, at the Time of making such Sale or Mortgage, affecting the fame, save and except the Tenants’ Leases now in being, or hereafter to be made, in pursuance of the hereby after created Power; and that all and every such Sale and Sales, Mortgage and Mortgages, which shall be made for the Purposes aforesaid, by the said Robert Day, Stephen Edward Rice, and Richard TownJ'end Herbert, or any Two of them, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor,

fcefervation of Jointure Power to Jane Denny.

Trustees’ Receipts to te sufficient to Purchasers and Mortgagees, &c.

2 94-9

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

vor, of all or any of the Cattle, Towns, Lands, Tenements 3nd Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid, either by Ba gain and Sale enrolled,-or by any Conveyance or Assurance in the Law, shall he good, valid, and effectual i«i the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Person and Persons, claiming or to claim by virtue of or under the said several before-mentioned Settle ments and Deeds, and each, every, and any of them; and such Purchaser and Purchasers, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executor®, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall hive, hold, occupy, possels and enjoy the (a:d Cattle, Manor, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises which shall be so conveyed to them respectively, freed and discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Estates, Entails, Provisoes, Trulls,

Powers, Remainders, Reversions, Limitations, Charges, and Incumbrances whatsoever, in the said several and beforementioned Settlements and Deeds, or any of them, contained, favc as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority afore- Trurteesonlj

said. That the said Robert Day, Stephen Edward Rice, and Richard answerable Townsend Herbert, and each of them, and the Heirs, Execucors and Ad-

minittrators of each of them, shall not be answerable or accountable for spe&iTely?* any further or other Sum or Sums of Money, but what each of them Hull respectively actually receive, or for any Loss, but such as shall happen by the wilful Default of each of them respectively. I

VI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall Leafing and may be lawful to and for the said Robert Day, 'Stephen Edward Rice, Power for and the other Trustee and Trustees, who shall or may be nominated under YetrlVnPof the Provisions of the said in Part recited Deed of the Twenty-sixth Day fcffi00.

of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, during the Lifetime of the said Sir Edward Denny, by and with the Consent of the said Sir Edward Denny, testifted in Writing under his Hand and Seal j and after his Decease without Issue Male, to and for the said several Persons in Remainder, to the said Cattle, Manors, Towns, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, under the said recited Settlements, when, and as they shall respectively be in Possession of any Part of the Premises aforesaid, under and by virtue of the Trusts and Limitations in any of the beforementioned Deeds; and in case of the Infancy of the Person or Persons who shall so become inticled as aforesaid, then to and for the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants, to demise or lease the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof, subject however to any Mortgage which may have been thereof executed of such Lands, in pursuance of the Provisions of this A<ff, for One, Two, or Three Lives, or for any Number of Years, not exceeding Thirty-one Years, in Possession, and not in Reversion, Remain* der or Expectancy, so as upon every such Lease there be reserved and made payable, during the Continuance thereof, the most and best improved Yearly Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money or other Thing, by Way of Fine or Consideration, for or in respect of such Lease or Leases, and so as none of such Lease or Leases be made dilpunishable of Watte by express or any other Words; and so as such Lease or Lcales shall contain Clauses for Distress and Re-entry, in case of Non-payment of the said reserved Kenr, and (o as the Lefiee or Leffces to whom such Lease or Leases be made,

[LoV. Per.] 33 B shall

29S0

Reservation of a Power to make Leases under aforesaid Settlements in the Borough and Town Tralee.

Power to grant Leases for 999 Years.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

shall seal and deliver Counterparts of such Lease or Leases; any Thing in the said herein-before-mentioned Deed or Settlements notwithstanding.

VII. Provided, however, and be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained, shall in any Manner diminish or impair any Right or Power which the said Sir Edward Denny, or the said Robert Day, Stephen Edward Rice, and the other Trustees hereafter to be nominated of the Marriage Settlement of the said Sir Edward Denny, or the said Maynard Denny, or Anthony Denny, the Sons of the said Sir Barry Denny now have or hereafter may have, of making Leases of any Part of the Town and Borough of Tralee, under or by virtue of any of the herein-before recited Deeds or Settlements.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Robert Day and Stephen Edward Rice, and the ocher Trustees hereafter to be nominated pursuanc to the Provisions of the said Sir Edward Denny's Marriage Settlement, at any Time during the Lifetime of the said Sir Edward Denny, by and with his Consent, testified in Writing under his Hand and Seal, and ascer his Decease, without Issue Male, to and for the said several other Persons in Remainder under the said recited Settlements, when and as they shall respectively be in Possession of the said Castle, Towns, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Premises aforesaid: And in case of the Infancy of the

Person or Persons who shall so become intitled as aforesaid, then to and for the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants, to lease or demise any Part of the Farms and Lands immediately contiguous to or within the Distance of One hundred and sixty Perches from the said Spa, or Forty Perches from the Bay of Tralee, or Harbour of Barrow, not exceeding in the whole the Number of Two hundred Acres, in Lots for Building, of not more than Five Acres each: and also the Manor Mills, with any Number of Acres adjoining thereto not exceeding Seven, for any Number or Years not exceeding Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years, or for any Number of Lives, with or without a Covenant for perpetual Renewal, in Possession, but not in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, so as upon every such Lease there be reserved and made payable, during the Continuance thereof, the mod and best improved Yearly Rent which can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame without taking any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Thing, by way of Fine Or Consideration, for or in respect of such Lease or Leases, and so as in every such Lease of any Lot in the Neighbourhood of the said Spa, or the Bay of Tralee, or Harbour of Barrow, there shall be contained, on the Part of the Lefifee, a Covenant to erect, within Five Years after the Execution of such Lease, Bated Houses or Buildings, and to expend on the building of the fame, not less than the Sum of One Hundred Pounds Sterling, for every Acre comprised in such Lot, and so in Proportion for every lelfer Quantity j and in any Lease of the said Mills that there shall be contained, on the Part of the Lessee, a Covenant to expend, within Five Years, not less than the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, in erecting a Bolting Mill, or Distillery, or Brewery, or in default of such Covenants respectively, that every such Lease shall be utterly null and void, and so as in every such Lease there be inserted a Covenant, on the

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 142. 2951

the Lessees* Part, to uphold the Improvements, and so as the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Lease or Leases be made, shall stal and deliver Counterparts thereof.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Leases so to be made for the said Terra of Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years, shall be made under the Directions of His Majesty's High

Court of Chancery, in that Part of the united Kingdom called Ireland,

upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by or on the Behalf of the said Sir Edward Denny, or by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said before recited Settlements, be entitled to the Possesskm of the Hereditaments and Premises therein mentioned, or to the actual Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof; and in Case of the Infancy of the Person or Persons who shall so become intitled as aforesaid, then upon the Petition to be in like Manner preferred of the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants.

X. And saving also to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs General Sa-and Successors, and to the said Dame Anne Denny, otherwise Floyd, and ving,

her Husband the said John Floyd, and the several Trustees of, and Persons having beneficial Interests under the said Trust Terms of Three hundred and Five hundred Years, and to all other Person and Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, other than and except the said Sir Edward Denny,

Dame Jane Denny, Maynard Denny and Anthony Denny, the Sons of the said Sir Barry Denny, the Reverend Maynard Denny, Barry Denny,

Thomas Stoughton Denny, Anthony Denny, Arthur Denny, and Edward Denny, the Sons of the said Reverend Maynard Denny, and the Issue of the said Sir Edward Denny, and the Issue Male of the said Maynard Denny, Anthony Denny, the Reverend Maynard Denny, Barry Denny,

Thomas Stoughton Denny, Anthony Denny, Arthur Denny, and Edward Denny, all such Right, Title, Estate, and Interest whacloever, both at Law and in Equity, as they, or any of them had, have, could, or ought to have of, in, to, or out of all or any of the aforesaid Castle, Towns,

Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises in and by this Act vested and disposed for the Purposes aforesaid, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Att never had been made, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Evidence, the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof,

so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

: *cO "

V\v

‘ y»V '; ! stnwxto

- y -

Tt’"? (wc .'r.'i: ftr < Ij 'x^Sk: l v*! tliV

Si*'’ 'it* *v ......0 1 r. St

»<1 s«y It

1 J! fcv* . nttv* 1 ' ' V ','

£' , V . ’

' ...... i '

lit' ' ’ Vt > Jbi'-I 1; ‘

- til

% r r"r ' LJJ. r y ;*-T

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 143.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County of Kent, to grant Building Leases thereof. j_21R. July 1806.]

WHEREAS by Indenture made the Twenty-seventh Day of Indenture of March One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, between z7‘h March Sir John Evelyn of IVotton, in the County of Surrey, Baronet, of the one Parr, and John Evelyn, Son and Heir Apparent of the said Sir John Evelyn Baronet, and the Reverend Thomas Anguish, Vicar of the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, in Deptford, in the County of Kent,

Clerk, of the other Part, the said Sir John Evelyn, for the Purposes and Considerations therein mentioned, did grant, bargain, and fell unto the said John Evelyn the Son, and Thomas Anguish, and their Heirs, a certain Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground therein described, and theretofore known by the Name of Slow*s Field, situate at or near Tanner's HilJ in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptjord, in the said County of Kent, containing, by Estimation, Four Acres or thereabouts, together with all Ways, Paths, Passages, Watercourses, Fences, Gates, Profits, Commodities, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground belonging or appertaining, and all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest: of the said Sir John Evelyn to the said Premises, to hold the said Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground, with their Appurtenances, unto the said John Evelyn the Son, and Thomas Anguish, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon Trust to permit and suffer the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being, of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas in Deptford, to receive the kents and Profits of the said Piece or Parcel ot Garden Ground and Premises, to and for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas in Deptford aforesaid; and that upon the Dcccafe, either of the said John Evelyn the Son, or the said Thomas Anguish, the [Lac, Per.~\ 33 C Survivor

2954-

46° GEORG 11 ill. ' Cap. 14.3.

Survivor of them should convey the said Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground unto the Heir Male of the Body of the said John Evelyn the Son, or the succeeding Vicar of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford^ aforesaid, as the Calc might require, and lb from Time to Time upon every Decease of a Trufiee, the Survivor should convey the said Premises in such Manner as that the Heir Male of the said John Evelyn the Son, and the Vicar of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, for the Time being, should always be the Tn.ftees mentioned, and that the Trustee or 'I rultees for the Time being should, at the Request, Cods, and Charges of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, let and demise the said Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground and Premises, to any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years in Possession, and not in Reversion, fur the befl improved Rent which could be reason-Trustees. ably had or gotten for the fame: And whereas the said Trull Estate is now become legally veiled in Sir Frederick Evelyn, of Wotton, in the County of Surrey, Baronet, and the Reverend John Drake, Doctor in Divinity, the present Vicar of the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, Trust Estate, in the said County of Kent: And whereas, the said Trust Eliate is very conveniently situated for building upon, and it will tend very buikUn or much 10 Improvement thereof, and to the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, if the Trustees for the Time being under the said Indenture were authorised and enabled to grant Leases for long Terms of Years, of all or any Part of the Land comprised in the said Indenture but, by reason of the Restriction contained in the said Indentu'e, such Leases cannot be effectually made without the Aid cf Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Sir Frederick Evelyn 2.\\&'schn Drake, the Trustees aforesaid, together with the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, Do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Power to assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may

grant Leases be lawful, to and for the said Sir Frederick Evelyn and John Drake, ior Ninety- their Heirs and Assigns, by Indenture, sealed and delivered in the Pre-mne Years. fence Gf} anj attelted by Two credible Witnesses, to demise, lease, and grant all or any Part or Parts of the Ground or Premises, comprized in the said Indenture, with the Rights, Members, Easements, and Appertenances thereto belonging, unto any Person or Persons, who shall be willing to build upon the fame, in the Manner, by the Lease or respectiveLealcs so to be granted, ro be specified for any Term or Number of Years absolute, not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to take Effect in Possession, and not in Reversion, or by way of future Interest, with Liberty for the Lefice or Lessees to take down all or any Part or Parts of any Buildings, which may be Handing upon the Premises, in any such Lease or Leases respectively to be comprized, and to convert and dispose of the Materials thereof, to such Uses and Purposes as shall be therein mentioned and agreed upon; and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premises, to be comprized in such Lease or Leases, as or for a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens, to any Building or Buildings, which may be built upon the Premises, or as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Road or Roads, Avenue or Avenues, Pal-iage or Passages, Sewer or Sewers, for the Ufc and Convenience of the

Lessee

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 143.

Lessee 07 Lessees, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises, in such Manner as shall be mentioned and agreed upon in such Grant, Lease, or Demise, together with such Privileges and other Easements, as shall, by the said Trustees, be deemed reasonable or convenient, so as there be reserved in and by such Leases, Demises, or Grants respectively, tile belt and mod improved Yearly Rent that can be rea-fonabJy had or gotten for the fame, to be made payable Quarterly, free from all Deductions whatsoever. Regard being had to the Value of the Buildings (if any) to be comprized in such Demises or Leases, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Fore-gift, or any Thing in the Nature thereof, for the making of such respective Leases, and so as there be contained in such Demises or Leases respectively, Covenants from the respective Lessees, to pay the Rent thereby reserved to build and keep in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings, which may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premises, and to surrender and leave in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings to be erected and built upon the Premises, thereby respectively to be leased at the End of the Term or Terms in such Leases granted, and so as there be contained in such Demises or Leases respectively, a Power for the Lessors and their Surveyors and Agents to enter upon the Premises, and to inspect the State and Condition thereof, and all such other usual and proper Covenants, Provisoes, and Conditions on the Parts of the respective Lessees, as are usually contained in Building Leases in and near the City of London, or in the County of Kent, and so as there be also contained in such Leases, Demiles, or Grants respectively, Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent, to be thereby reserved, or Non-performance of the Covenants, Provisoes or Conditions on the respective Lessees’ Part, and so as the respective Lessees do severally execute Counterparts of their respective Leases.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall and may be defrayed out of the Poor Rates of the said Parish.

III. Saving always, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except all and every the Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming under the said Indenture, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Successors), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of, into, or out of the Premises comprised in the said Indenture, as they, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

2955

E.vpences of the Act.

General

Saving.

Printed by King’s Printer, and Copy Evidence.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

.(ii-- J

I ijv: -'I,

;* ^.s-i - ’ i> i ’

r- ’

u .: . j

; ri i., ..: t 1

- : v

tan

r .- - - ' ...... ' v - i c '

!;f '.!{ :$y- 'M'1

! i i . ' <» -»* , -!.-t

V

- J 9i.i io - r a.

i C 1 f . . Ml£ .

': . >,.; , i . ‘hi V j \ I :«> 8: if.

*>. - v..- . , t -

3- "; ,’b'i: ,j n, - <3ir.i \,i U #t... ii'r '» r -

ra 23209;! giro*

w - iil - ...a T Ifcl/* .1 cU

" ,v '* ’ '? - r ' M

«S n«' .'.i ci ,»v ' 1*2., UI

s: l/l . . -. ... . . 11

C. , .* M 1 .< t>;. qi it -

i. i . . i. I 11 ('<»> , .- rim'

- w It. ,v. < n I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 144.

An ACtforestablishing and well-governing the charitable Inflimtion, commonly called The Philanthropic Society., formed for the Protection of poor Children, the Offspring of convicted Felons, and for the Reformation of Children who have themselves been engaged in criminal Practices; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto; and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Dcffgns. [a2d July 1 80?.j

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight a charitable Society was formed by several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, for the Purpose of providing for the Maintenance, Education, and Employment of poor Children, the Off-spring of convicted Felons, and of Children who had themselves been engaged in criminal Praflices; and the said charitable Designs have been and are now carried on in certain Houses and Premises provided for that Purpose, situate in the several Parishes of Saint George the Martyr and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and the said Charity hath hitherto been supported by the voluntary Subscriptions and Donations of charitable and well disposed Persons j and a very great Number of such Children [Lee. (?. Per] 33 D have

2958 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1+4.

have been received, maintained, and educated therein; and the Boys have been either apprenticed to Mailer Workmen employed by the said Society, to ihftrudt them within their said Buildings in several useful Trades and Occupations carried on for that Purpose, or put out as Apprentices to Tradesmen of good Character, where the Society have the Means of inquiring into and ascertaining the Conduct and Treatment of such Boys; and the Girls have been brought up as menial Servants, and inltru&ed in plain Needle-work, and placed out in respectable Families when of a proper Age; and such Boys and Girls have not only been Iheltered and protected from Vice and Want, but carefully inflrudled in the Principles of Religion, and trained to Habits of Industry and Regularity, whereby the Commission of many Crimes has been prevented, and the Public hath been and continues to be supplied with diligent, sober, and honest Workmen and Servants: And whereas Experience hath shewn, that the said Charity hath been hitherto of considerable Use and an advantage to the Public, and it is apprehended, that if countenanced and supported by the Laws of this Realm, and established upon a permanent Footing, and veiled with Powers for better enabling the Subscribers thereto to carry into Execution their charitable and useful Designs, the fame would be of much more exrenlive Use and of greater Advantage to the Public; but as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Ycur most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it emitted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and toiporatim by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this ti-'parpo^ there be and shall be a Corporation, to continue for ever, for the onhcAct. Maintenance, Education, and Employment of poor Children, the Off-spring of convicted Felons, ana of Chiidr-n who have themselves been engaged in criminal Practices; and that His Royal Iiighness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, the Most Noble George tVUliJm Frederick Duke of Leeds, the Moll Honourable James Marquis of Salisbury, the Right Honourable Heneage Earl of Ay I sford, the Right Honourable George John Earl Spencer, the Right Honourable Rsbet Eail Grcfvenor, the Right Honourable Thomas James Warren hulkeley Vdcoum Bulkeley, the Right Honourable Thomas VII’count Cremorne, the Honourable Phi lit) Pufsyi George Hardinge Esquire, James Suns M. D. and LL.D. John Harman, Samuel Bofanquct, Eduard Gale Boldero, Charles Bofunquet, John Baker, Benjamin Hutton, Thomas Palmer, James Royer, Daniel Coxe, Esquires; Sir John William Anderson Baronet, William Morten Pitt Esquire, the Reverend Philip Dodd, Augitftus Warren, Thomson Bonar, William Houlston, George Holford, Esquires; the Reverend William A gutter y Henry Hoare, Thomas Jackson, Esquires; Lieutenant Colonel Sweedland, Peter Mortimer, Stephen Gafelee, Esquires \ Colonel Harnage, Samuel Bosanquet junior, James Allan Park, Esquires; the Reverend John Gamble, Jeremiah Harman, Edward Torjler junior, Esquires; the Reverend John Grindlay LL.D. and Thomas Hooke Esquire, together with any Person or Persons who hath or have, previous to the Third Day of Jiune One thousand seven hundred anu ninety-six, paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Inlliiution, at One Time, or in the Course of any One Year, the Sum of Ten Guioeas for the Use of the said Institution, and together with any Person or Persons who hath or have since the said Third Day of June One thousand seven

29S9

46° GEORGII III. Cep. 144.

seven and ninety-six, or who shall at any Time hereafter pay into the Hands of the said Treasurer the Sum of Twenty Guineas at any One Time, or in the Course of any One Year, for the Use of the said Institution, iha.il be and are hereby appointed Members thereof; and also every Person who hath paid, or at any Time hereafter shall pay into the Hands of such Treasurer the yearly Sum of One Guinea or more, for the Use of the said lufti-tution, shall, during such Time as he or she shall continue to pay the fame, and also every Person who shall be appointed by any General Court of the Members of the said Institution, shall be respectively Members of the said Institution; and the President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer. and Members shall and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be One Body Corporate and Politic in Deed and in Law, by the Name and Stile of " The President, Vice Presidents, Treal'urer, and Their Stile, Members of the Philanthropic Society," and that by the fame Name they shall have perpetual Succession, and a common Seal, with Power and Povv#r« to change, alter, break, and make new the fame, when and as often as they shall judge the same to be expedient; and that they and their SucccflTors, by the fame Name, may sue and be lued, implead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto, in all or any Court or Courts of Record, and Places of Judicature within this Kingdom; and that they and their Successfors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law, to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, and retain, for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, and in Trull for the Benefit of the said Institution, all such Sum and Sums of Money, as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, dtvifed, or bequeathed, by any charitable or well-dispoied Person or Persons, to and for the charitable Ends and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time hereafter, pu'chafe, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for erecting and making a Chapel, Buiidiogs, and other Works, for toe fevcval Purposes of the said Charity, without incurring any of the Penalties or For.eitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pow*r to hind said Corporation may, and they are r.erebv empowered to bind, or place

our. Apprentice or Apprentices, Servant or Servants, to any Person or Persons, who n the Committee for the Time being of the said Corporation, or the major Part of such of them as shall be assembled at any of their weekly or other Meetings, shall think hr, all and every or any of the Children already received, or hereafter to be received, under the Care of the said Corporation, for such Term and Time, and upon such Conditions respectively, as the said Committee, or the major Part of such of them as shall be lo assembled, shall think proper, so as no such Child so to be bound or placed out as aforesaid, shall be obliged ro serve or continue in such Apprenticeship or Service alter the Age of Twenty-one Years.

III. And be it further enaScd, That the said Corporation may, and they Power to bind are hereby empowered to apprentice as aforesaid, all anti every or any of the Children received or to be received under their Care, to any of the employed on Persons employed or to be employed to inllrufl the Children on their p,emile‘* own IVemiies as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to take and retain

any

2960 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

any Number of Children so apprenticed, for as long as they shall themselves continue in the Service of the said Corporation, and no longer, and who, on their quitting, or being dismissed from the Service of the said Corporation, shall assign over all Apprentices so bound to them to such Person or Persons as the Committee of the said Corporation, or the major Part of such of them as shall be assembled, at any weekly Meeting, shall direct.

First President.

Vic*-Prefi-

dentj.

Treasurer.

Auditors.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That His said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany shall be, and he is hereby appointed President of the said Corporation; and that the said GeorgeWil/iam Frederick Duke of Leeds, "James Marquis of Salisbury, Heneage Earl of Aylesford* George John Earl Spencer, Robert Earl Grosvenor> Thomas James Warren Bulkeley Viscount Bttlkeley, Thomas Viscount Cremorne, the Honourable Philip PuJ'ey, George Iiardinge Esquire, James Sims M. D. and LL.D. John Harman and Samuel Bosanquet inquires, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Vice-Presidents of the said Corporation; and that the said Fldwasd Gale Boldero Esquire, shall be and he is hereby appointed Treasurer of the said Corporation; and that the said Charles Bosanquet, John Baker, Benjamin Hutton, Thomas Palmer, James Royer, Daniel Coxe, Esquires; Sir John William An-derson Baronet, William Morton Pitt Esquire, the Reverend Philip Doddt Augustus Warren, Thomson Bonar, William Iloul/ion, George Holford, Esquires; the Reverend William Agutter, Henry Hoare, Thomas Jackson, Esquires; Lieutenant Colonel Swecdland, Peter Mortimer, Stephen Gafelee, Esquires; Colonel Harnage, Samuel Bosanquet junior, James Allan Park, Esquires; the Reverend John Gamble, and Ja cmiah Harman Esquire, shall be and they are hereby appointed a Committee for tranlacting and managing the Affairs of the said Corporation; and the said George Holford and John Baker Esquires, the Reverend Philip Dodd and Peter Mortimer Esquire, shall be and they are hereby appointed Visitors of the said Corporation, to inquire into and ascertain the Truth of the several Cafes to be fub-mitied to the Consideration of the said Committee, previous to and for the Purpose of the Adm'ilion of any Child into the said Institution, and of such other Matters relative to the Affairs of the said Institution, as shall appear necessary i and the said Colonel Harnage, Charles Bosanquet, and Edward Forjltr junior, Esquires, shall be and they are hereby appointed Auditors of the Accounts of the said Corporation.

Continuance V. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the of Commute?. Committee shall continue until the First Friday in the Month of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, when the SixPerlons first alcove named shall go out and Six others be elected in their Room, to serve for the Term of Four Years, and so in like Manner on the First Friday in March in every subsequent Year, the Six Members of jie Committee whose Names shall then itand lirlt up n the Lilt of the Committee shall retire and Six others be elected in thcT I lace; and the said Pre* fident, Vice-Presidents, and Treasurer, shall continue in Office until they shall resign or be removed by the (Quarterly General Meeting to be held in March as herein-before mentioned, or by an extraordinary General Meeting convened for that Purpose.

46° GEORGII III. Gap. X4i< 296*

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Presidenf, or in his Ab- ^"'Jaland fence One or more of the Vice-Presid ents, or the Treasurer with any their Pow«r«. Six or more of the other Members of the said Corporation, who shall have been such for the Space of Six Calendar Months at lead, or in the Absence of the Presidenr, and of all the Vice-Presidents and Treasurer, any Seven or more of the said Members shall compose a General Court, and the said First General Court shall be holden on the First Friday in September next, at such House or Place as the said Corporation shall appoint for tha: Purpose, and shall then and from Time to Time be adjourned to such House or Place, or Houses or Places, as for the Time being shall be appointed, and at such Time or Times as the Court for the Time being shall deem necessary for the due Execution of th:s Act; and a General Court of the Members of the said Corporation shall be holden Four Times at the least in eve:y Year; that is to say, on the First Friday in the Months of March, June, September, and December, and Notice of each of such General Courts shall be given in some or one of the public Newspapers Three Days at the least before the holding of any such Court, and whenever Occasion shall require, an extraordinary General Court shall be holden by Order of the Committee, or the major Part of such of them as shall be assembled at any of their weekly or other Meetings, upon the like Notice thereof being given Three Days at least before the holding of the fame; and at the General Court which shall be holden in the Month of March in each and every Year Six Persons who have, previous to the Third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Inllitutnn at One Time, or in the Course of any One Year, the Sum of Ten-Guineas for the Use of the said Institution, or who have since the said ThirdDayof June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or who shall at any Time hereafter pay into the Hands of the said I rgafurer the Sum of Twenty Guineas at One Time, or in the Course of any One Year, for the Use of the said Institution, or who have paid and continued to pay, or shall at any Time hereafter pay and continue to pay into the Hands of such Treasurer the yearly Sum of Two Guineas or more for the Use of the said Institution during such Time as he or die shall continue to pay the fame, shall be elr&ed to supply the Place of the Six Members of the said Committee, who are annually to retire from that Body as herein-before is mentioned or directed; and at the fame General Court Four Members of the said Corporationl shall be elected iuliters, and Three such Members Auditors of the said Corporation lor One Year, and the Presidenr, Vice-Presidents, and Treasurer, with the Visitors and Auditors of the said Corporation for the Time being shall be Members of the said Committee over and above such Twenty-four other Members; and the Members of the said Corporation assembled at any such general Court as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, in the Name of the said Corporation, and on their Account to apply and dispose of the Monies and Funds already given, or which shall from Time to Time be contributed and given by any Person or Persons on account of or to the said Charity, and all other Monies and Funds belonging or to belong to the said hereby ere died Corporation, to and for the Purposes aforesaid, and *o, for, and on any other Purpose, Way, Matter, or Thing* relating to the said Charity, and for the Benefit thereof, ac their Discretion, and with and under their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contracts [.Loc. Per.J 33 E for

2963s 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose or Purposes for the better effecting and carrying on the charitable Uses and Designs aforesaid, and to do, manage* transact, and determine, all such other Matters and Things, as shall to them, or any Seven or more of them, at any such Court, appear to be necessary, convenient, or proper, for the effecting and cany ng on the good Purposes aforesaid, and shall and may delegate such Power, and Authority to the said Committee, as they shall think necessary, for the more speedy, easy, and effectual Execution of this Act; To order n:-.d and k shall 'anu may be lawful, to and for the said Members of the said Ufeo^t^ he Corporation assembled in a General Court only, or the major Part of them Common's.a' so assembled, to order and dispose of the Custody of the said Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof: Provided always, that in case a sufficient Number of the Members of the said Corporation shall not be assembled to form such General Court on the Fir5t Friday in the Month of March in any Year, then such General Court shall and may be holden with such Notice as aforesaid, on any other Friday in such Month of March, for all and every the Purposes herein-before mentioned.

Persons in

iEF

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar all and every Person or Persons in whole Name or Names any Leaseholds or any Sum or Sums of Money, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages, Securities for Money, or other Effects whatsoever, shall at the Time of passing this Act Hand or be secured, the beneficial Interest wherein respectively shall belong to the said Charity hereby incorporated, shall forthwith, after the passing of this Act, transfer and assign the fame respectively, so and in such Manner as that the same shall be verted in the said hereby erected Corporation, by the Name, Stile, and Title herein-before mentioned and enacted.

o! Corpora-tit n.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer for the Time being, of the said hereby erected Corporation, and he is hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Committee thereof for the Time being, or the major Part of such of the said Committee as shall be present at any of their Meetings, to lay out and invert: all or any such Sum or Sums of Money as have or hath been given, devised, or bequeath d, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed by any charitable or well-disposed Person or Persons, to and for the charitable Ends, Intents, and Purposee in this Act mentioned or any Part thereof, other than and except such and so much thereof as the Exigencies of the said Corporation shall call for the immediate Application or Expenditure of, in any of the Public Funds, in the Name of the said hereby erected Corporation.

Dividends,

Ct:ie

IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Dividends, In-terell, and annual Proceeds, which shall from Time to Time arise from the Funds and Securities belonging, or which shall at any Time belong to the said hereby erected Corporation, shall from Time to Time be applied to and for the Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

Ot pit fid* nt, XJ And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case cti. vacancies of the Death, or Removal, or Resignation of the Presidenc, or of a Vice President or Vice Presidents, or Treasurer, or Committee-Man, or Visitor or Auditor of the said Cdrpofihion, it shall and may be lawful to and for 12 the

2963

46° GEORGII III. Cap. iUi

the Members of the said Corporation, at any General Court, or the major Part of them then and there present, to nominate and appoint a President,

Vice President or Vice Presidents, or Treasurer, or Committee-Man, Vifi. for, or Auditor, in the Room of the President, Vice President or Vice Presidents, or Treasurer, or Committee-Man, Visitor, or Auditor so deceased, or having resign d or being removed-: Provided always, that such Committee-Man, Visitor, or Auditor so to be nominated or appointed, shall be considered as appointed to serve the said Office for the Period only that the Person in whose Place and Stead he shall have been appointed had to remain in such Office at the Time of his Deceasc, Resignation, or Removal.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Questions upon the Proceedings Qaeflionto of the said Corporation at any General Court or Committee shall be yeot(!.recte decided by Vote; and in case of an Equality of Voices the President or Chairman shall have the calling Vote, and that at all Meetings of the Committee Three shall be sufficient to ad.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Members of the said Corporation GenwalCourt at a General Court, or the major Part of them present at such General iainPoffice«j* Court, shall have Power from Time to Time, and at all Times, to appoint

any Person or Persons to be Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, and to revoke such Appointments as they may fee Occasion; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee aforesaid, or the major Part of such of them as shall be afiembkd. at any weekly or other Meeting from Time to Time, and at all Times, to appoint such Officers and Servants as shall be necessary for the Purposes of the said Corporation, and from Time to Time to suspend or remove them respectively, and appoint others in case of Death or such Suspension or Removal, and to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons as the said Committee or any Three or more of them shall think reasonable; and the said Committee or any Three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Officer lor the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed, shall, under their Hands at such Time or Times and in such Manner as the said Committee or any Three or more of them shall direct, deliver to the said Committee or to such Person or Persons as they or any Three or moie of them shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by the said Corporad n, or the said Committee, or any Three or more of them; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received for the Purposes of the said Institution, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively, to the said Committee or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Committee is hereby empowered to administer,) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Committee

2964 4^ GEX) RGII III. Cap. 144.

mi ttee or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint *o receive Che fame, within Fourteen Days after being the reunto required by the said Committee or any Three or more of them, by Notice in Writing given ‘to-or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all. Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power relating to the said Inffiltution, or give Satisfaction to the said Committee or any Three jor more of them respecting the fame, then, and in every such Cale upon Complaint made by the said Committee or any Three or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer so refuting or wilfully neglecting shall be or retide; such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Summons or Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so refuting or neglecting to appear before him; and upon his appearing or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and if upon the Confession of the Party or by t'neTeftimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oa*h (whion Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been received for the Purposes of the said Initiation, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized aiki required upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and v' i Chattels of such Officer, and if no Goods or Chattels'of such Officer can

bfe found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges 6f distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused dr wilfully neglected to render or give such Account or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the said Institution, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then, and in each and every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be dr reside, there to remain, whhoiit Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and period: Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Committee or any Three or more of them for the said Money, and shall have paid such Competition in such Manner as they dull appoint, (which Composition the said Committee or any Three or more of them are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver tip futh Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to1 the said Committee or any Three or more of them: Provided always, that no Officer or Person who shall be so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act, for any longer Space of I'ime than Six Calendar Months.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful toand for the said Committee, at any weekly or other Meeting* or the major Part* of the said Committee assembled at such Meeting, from Time to Time tb’ nominate such' Person or Persons as they shall think m, being a Mem-Bet oV Members of the United Church of England and Ireland, as by 1 tc , J Law

Chaplain.

29 & 5

4(5° GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

Law estabfished, and being in Priest's Orders, to be Chaplain, or to officiate in the Chapel belonging to the said Corporation.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore- No Chuyi,;*, said, I hat no Person who shall be nominated Chaplain, or Morning or Evening Preacher to the said Society, shall in any Manner officiate in du/y licensO. the said Chapel, until he shall have been duly licensed by the fiiffiop of the Diocese within which the said Chapel shall for the Time being be situate, or other Person or Persons duly authorized to exercise the Episcopal Jurisdiction and Authority within the said Diocese.

XV. And be it further enacted, That as often as the said Society shall have Notice to !,e

Occasion to apply to such Bishop, or other Person or Persons as aftvefakl, jteaor of the to lioeafe any Clergyman to officiate in the said Chapel, Notice shall be PaiithofAp. given on the Part of the said Society, to the Restor of the Parish for the a'JJopof Time being, of the Intention to make such Application, arid of the the D.ocete Name and Designation of the Clergyman in whole Favour such Applh ,k*

cation is to be made i and it shall be lawful for the said Restor to fubmh ' ,rl to such Bishop or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, any Objection

to the Clergyman proposed, or other Cause why such Licence fitoaid not be granted, of the Sufficiency of which Objection or Cause such Brlhop, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be the foie and final judge.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That such Notice shall be in Writing, Smi. tt.iicto and shall be left, at leaf! One Calendar Month previous to the Society’s applying for such Licence, at the usual Place of Abode of the said Houa, at. Restor within his Parish, or in case he shall not have any Place of Re-

fidtnce therein, shall be delivered on his Behalf to his Curate, or other Person officiating at the Parish Church; and if the Society shall neglect or omit to give such Notice, any Licence to officiate in the said Cha. pel, granted to a Clergyman whose Name shall not have been notified to the said Restor, in the Manner herein prescribed, shall be absolutely null and void,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained l t.-nee >, lit-U bo construed to prevent the Bishop, or such other Person or Persons

as aforesaid, from revoking any such Licence or Licences whenever ha or they shall think fit.

xviii. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurert* Treasurer for the Time being of the Lid Corporation shall give in his a-COU1"' Accounts from Time to Time, when required either by the Committee, at any of their weekly or other Meetings, or at a General Court, there So be examined, and allowed or disallowed, and shall pay over all the Monies remaining in his Hands, and transfer all or any Funds which may St any Time be Handing in his Name as Treasurer as afore fad, to the 1 iea-surer immediately succeeding him, on Demand by such succeeding Trea-furtr, with the Authority of the Committee, or of the Genetal Court, at Which such succeeding Treasurer shall be elefled or appointed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who has been or shall be hereafter apprenticed la the Mailer Workmen engaged to inArufl the it, ,« [1«. Ssf-P/r.] S3 F Chddrsa Z'ZlZa

h/-

II

2966 4^1 (xE.ORGI I III. Cap. 144.

Children as aforesaid, or shall be employed on the Premises of the fata Corporation as an hired Servant, shall, by reaion of such Apprenticeship or Service, gain a Settlement in the Parish or Parishes in which the said Premises now are or for the Time being shall be situated or in any other Parish or Place.

Allowing an Appeal.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself. herlelt, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting in the Execution of this Act, such Penon or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the First General or Quarter St (lions of the Peace, to be holden for the County, City, or Place, within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Tiuye such Matter of Appeal shall h ive arisen, the Person or Persons a, pealing having first given J en Days Notice at the least of his, her, or heir Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons. appealed again!!, and forthwith after such Notice.entering into a Recognizance before forae Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Pia e, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to tTy such Appeal, and abide the Award and Order of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Stdfion upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Oofts to either of the Parties or other wise as they the said Justices shall judge proper, and all such Determ nations of the said Justices shall be binding, final, and conclusive to and upon all Parties to all intents and Purposes whatsoever. -

Form of Con-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction vwtion. shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following $ (that is to fayJ,

BE remem^ere<^5 That on this Day of in the

Year of the Reign of A.B. is convicted

before or His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

‘ the of having (as the Offence shall be) and I (or, we)

the said do adjudge him, (her, or them,) to forfeit and

pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my Hand

and Seal {or, Our Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid/

ttfticr« not to

XXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall he made fJr warn of ^or any SurT) MAftey to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Di ft refs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a 1 respasser or Treipassers on Account o( any Deleft or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespailer or Trespassers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the i'pecial Damage in an Action upon the Gafe. \ H [ ' -

5

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 144. 2967

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning the Conviction quafn°ed for of any Offender or Offenders' against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated want ot Form, for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Affion shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed or Caule of Action or Suit accrued, and not afterwards, in the said Counties of Surrey or Middlesex^ or the City of London, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in

such Action or Actions may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and General I(T-oe the special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Amends shall have been tendered, or the Damages to be found shall not exceed the Sum of Money which may have been paid into Court, which it may be lawful for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action to do, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or ifthePlaintiffor Plaintiff's shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cafes by Law.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially

taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahans Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

<7*

»*' i . \ I . t' ,0 fr«>. c»5i 13V,7 . olh ^RIflRW!7^3 7«

toiw* IT lO hwfil.iwWi.4t.,.-

70 «\V

8*X« > \ ^.iJTr. a*

.- ! ' -2

o v ."

*v

niAtJsdhaA.niXI

K#r£wJj-> 10 -1*1 ? a to rsbn^ilO to n> jifu 'f "lo las n vSi Lrfeil# Vryorl i . jj*V/ ratio v*itt vd

i. »;iy!wr ii fL . ,a:=ffj

*ii: - 1 lo .';hj 1 7»*n; ^.;ix v.;t«2

fr..--,i: :<; vr- jo er- ..' v-4 »*' u i '»j*J: \ a!.'? Ha^en; . jq

Tir-li. >0 >:i-- jurftw al^uoui to 1 . I f *1

y.« o r r ': sir .{» -

n *rahrnwad to ans^nafcrti ad.*

:idiZti* iKU1 '.’111 i '

lifta ,b>im y to ytip

, H _ i)M

'I ,< < j b ' < (-*»« :1 v. . J.tji in, f ?'j i.1 y.‘l

' .* ' rft

1 cm. j it . . »l»! si -.r; a!;1.; - . . 1: : ij-./U

; "♦ f»’/' ftry-ijVrt j . s: ;.. .«iV!’j*UA<r r . i. *? /'.; i \ - ' r* y ^’-v .-> fit

\:in i: ibir*..' , t ol*M *v

o-,il

,1: 1 , ,1 v: i % r; >'V:( a.s.:. M5 «»-.; id

--1 ft.; l' u i Ui

; rtf'n n . T cj .—frrt :i

rfi V.1 A

c:; - IlflB . ' n v.

rT<3 mA Lu . aj*.yjr nr.

o.:i ,v J" . ‘./ jj

r t-fl) -

i

- /uT;

Mdftft Mi*.I tr. ii/tiuC i

;.bru! n-u »r nhiitlvtt, =*ii r..Ill . -.'-.T-i—r :/" '* 1 v/'S-I

iiw 4*i nf.sO r«j 7 . ft’i;. j/i-o

! w r;# tiffo

’ if ;: >0 t tJA

>iov-i toil*! y.oa'.;ox ! Vi

/j " .-V A ' . >0:

i 3"*i . A, Vrisif- ': ...*>

,. .-l

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. r 45.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks. \_22d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, another in the First Year, and another in the Ninth Year of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to a certain House at the South-Fad Corner of Castle Street, formerly called The Old Bear Inn, but now in the Occupation of MefTirtirs Tinner and Uarbert, in Reading, in the County of Berks, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the said County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third Year, and another in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Three first mentioned Acts; and the said Roads were, by the said Act of the Third Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, divided into Three separate Districts, and put under the Care and Management of separate Trusteest And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby vested in them, and have from time to time borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted and continued, which Money dill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlel's the Term of the said Acts is further continued: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts have been found in some Respects defective and insufficien', and it would be more convenient \Lcc. fcf Per.] 33 G to

2970

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

to the Trustees for the Care and Management of the said Roads, and the4 said Roads might be more effectually repaired, widened, improved, and maintained, if the said Acts were repealed, and further and other Powers and Provision6 granted and enacted ihstead thereof, in One Act: And whereas it would be a Convenience to the Trustees, and better for the said Roads* if the Division of the first: and third Districts of Me said Roads tvere altered and made as is hereinafter enacted, instead of the present Division of the said Distrilfs; May it therefore pleafr Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of mem^TAdi C^e ^0rc*s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pr-fenc mem o c. par]iament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the First Day of October next after the passing of this Act, the said several Acts herein-before mentioned shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and that on the same Day this Act shall comr mence and take Effect instead thereof, and be put in Execution during the Term hereinafter mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing,‘ altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Maidenhead Bridge to the South-East Corner of Castle Street, in Reading, in the County of Berks, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the ToUs’for^ bounty an(J‘ c^ac c^s Act, and the Term hereby granted, and all the

Money bor- Tolls hereby authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, shall be and rowed and to are hereby declared to be charged with, and are hereby made subject be borrowed, and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the said Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid, and of the Interest due and to grow due thereon fei'pectively* as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, and the Tolls hereby granted.

Division of

II. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectual repairing, Districts. widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, the same shall be and considered as divided into Three separate Districts, and that "the Roads leading from Maidenhead Bridge to the lace Falcon Inn, now called ciht Fleece Inn or Folly, and from thence to the Thirty-three Mile Stone towards Reading, and from the said Inn or Folly to the Twenty-nine Mile Stone towards Henley, in ^he said County of Berks, together with a certain Lane called Pitt's or Sheppard’s Lane, about Sixty Yards in Length, leading from the Turnpike Road near the Market Place in the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, towards Cookham, in the said County, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near Maidenhead Bridge aforesaid towards Cookham aforesaid, and containing about Five hundred Yards in Length (and which said Lane and Road last herein described were added to the said Turnpike Road by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) shall be and continue to be called ana be deemed and taken to be The First Trustees of District of the said Roads; and that the Right Honourable William First District. Wickham, the Honourable Thomas Windsor, the Honourable Richard Neville* Sir Nathaniel Dukinfield, Baronet, Sir Charles Palmer, Baronet, Sir Robert Batejen Harvey, Baronet, Sir William Eafi, Baronet, Sir George Toungt Knight* Sir Isaac Pocock , Knight, Sir William Herne, Knight, Sir Moris Ximenes, Knight, John A'Bear, Zachary Allnutt, William Aldridge, Joshua Aldridge, Thomas Attftin, Charles Bowra, William Batti Tomas Hext Bushnell, James Brant, Jonathan Brown, I ho-v. , mas

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145; 2971

mas Browne, ‘Thomas Burmingham, John Butterfield, Joseph Boxbow,

Joseph Clark, William Cooper, John Cotton, Henry Dodwell, Clerk,

Thomas Devas, James Darby, Samuel Davis, Abraham Darby, Gilbert East, Augujhts Henry East, Charles Fuller, Harry Fonnereau, John Frederick Fakvdffer, Thomr.S Fofter, Pafcoe Grenfell, George Grant, John Stanford Girdler, William Guy, Thomas Groom, John Huddlestone, Char let Hayes, James Hunt, Zachariah Hubbard, John Huffey, Christopher Johnson,

Henry John Kearney, James Law, George Haniner Leycester, James Lee,

Joseph Lee, John Langton, Henry Pincke Lee, Richard Lovegrove, Robert Lucas, the ‘Mayor, High Steward, Recorder, and Burgesses of the Corporation of Maidenhead for the Time being, Richard Matthews, Richard Matthews the younger, Duncan Mackfsrhnd, Johti Montague, Thomas Micklem, Benjamin Mason, Henry Newell, Edward Neale, Clerk, So* muel Nicholls, William Davis Neighbour, Arthur Onslow, Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, Dean of WorreHer, James Leigh Perrot, James Payn, William Poulton, Joseph Poulton. William Palmer, Clerk, Robert Pitt, William Payn, James Pile, John Sawyer, Thomas Slack, Edward Townsend, Clerk,

Joseph Spencer, John Searle, Joseph Searle, Thomas Smith, Henry Smith,

Austin Sherwood, Richard Swallow, William Augufh'.s Skynner, William Soundy, George Vanflttart, Arthur Vunfit tart, George Vanflttart the youugCf William Vanflttart, Clerk, William Vinter, Broome Witts, Thomas Whdtely,

Clerk, Thomas Wyatt, John Weflbrook, of Hawes Hill, John Wefibrook, cf Bilham, Stephen Wefibrook, To-wnley Ward, Charles Scudamore Ward,

Thomas Waghorne, Joseph Williams, William Wickeds, Carfwell Winder,

Basil WoodhoufSi John Adolphus Young, and their Successors to be nominated and elected as hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, so far only as it relates to the said First Dilfrice of the said Roads; and that the Road frorh the said Thirty-three Mile Stone to the said South-East Corner of Castle Street in Reading, shall be and continue to be called and be deemed and taken 10 be the Second District of the said Roads; and that the Honourable Thomas Windsor, the Honourable Richard Ne~ Second DiA Dille, the Right honourable Sir William Scotty Sir John Reade, Baro- tr1^' net, Sir Henry Charles Englefield, Baronet, Sir Nathaniel Dukinfield,

Baronet, Sir Moris Ximenes, Knight, Francis Annesley, Martin Annesley,

Launcelot Auftwick, John Adams, William Andrews, William Blandy,

John Bulley, John Bulley the younger, John Blandy, William Billing,

Bernard Brocas, Charles Garth Colleton, Thomas Cowflade, William Champion, Thomas Ccllis, John Deane, Mercer, Henry Boyle Deane, John Deane,

Henry Deane, Archibald Douglas, Clerk, Thomas Drewcatt, Robert David-Jon, Henry De la Douefpe, Joseph Eyre, Clerk, Peter French, Harry Fonnereau, David Fenton, Fyfield, John Field, John Levifon Gower,

Edward Golding, John Green, Clcik, Bachelor in Divinity, William Garrard, Jernes Mace Gigger, Thomas Gleed, George Gillertfon, Thomas Gill\

Robert Green, Widdows Golding, John Harris, James Hawkes, John Hooper,

James Hawthorne, RiibardHnrbert, Robert Harris, John Houghton, Clerk,

William Simonds Higgs, Robert Hatijon, John Spencer Jackson, Thomas Jesse,

William Knapp, John Engelberts Liebertrocd, Thomas Letchworth, Robert Lawrence, Francis Lockley, Charles Lovegrove, Musgrave Lamb, Edward Law, Richard Matthews, Richard Matthews the younger, William Marsh,

Clerk, Henry Mdrjh, John Man, John McConnell, Samuel Bowes Morton,

Stephen Mabcrley, Robert Maddock, Thomas Monday, Richard Mdtil, William Wing Mitchell, Daniel May, John Ne wherry, Jacob Newberry, Thomai

Newbury,

2972 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

Newbury, Robert. Nares, Cjerk, Obey, Richard Palmer, Charley

Poulton, Edmund P.et, hover, thr. Mayor, High Steward, Recordi ry Aldermen, anb Burgefps of the Borough of Reading for the Time being, Thomas Ring, Richard Richards, Richard Richards the younger, John Richards, Thomas Round, William Romaine, Dxtor in Divinity, Richard Smith, Q\rxV. George Shackell^ William Shackcll, yaEw ShackeLjames Simonds, Nathaniel 'Simopds, William Rlackall Simonds, Jbfeg Stephens, William Stephens, the younger Rlackall Simonds, Edward Simeon, Richard Golding Simeon, John Simeon, Thomas Stokes Salmon, Samuel Shipton, Morgan Smith, Richard . herwood, Henry Simonds Thomas Sow don, William South-£/*/<?, John Tapptnden, William Tiley, Thomas Tanner, Jonathan Tanner, y°hn Taylor, Doctor of Pnyfic, Charles Toovey, Richard Valpy, Clerk, Doctor in Divinirv. Edward Valpy, Edward Vines, James Wheble. Thomas . Ward, John IVillimhurst, Thomas Edmunds Williams, Jacob Walter,

*v>r'a Richard Wjibrock, William, Watlington, Wiliam Williams, and their Successors to be nominated and elected as hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, so far only as ic relates to the said Second D strict of the said Roads; and that the Road from the said Twenty-nine Mile stone towards Henley, to Henley Bridge, shall be and continue to be called and be deemed and taken Third Dif- to be The Third District of the said Roads; and that the Right honourable trity Edward Harris, commonly called Lord Viscount Fitzharris, the

Honourable and Reverend Alfred Harris, the Honourable and Reverend ...Daniel Finch, the Honourable and Re.ycr.end Frederick West, Sir William Eafi, Baronet, Sir William Clayton, B ronetr.Sir Moris Ximene$, Knight, John A'Bear, John Allen, Robert Appleton, Samuel Allnutt, Robert Bru-dcnell, Robert Brakfpear, Joseph Benwell, John Botteler, James Brooks, Thomas Cooper, Cooper, Luke Coif on, James Cloafe, William Coombs

the younger, John Howard Channing, Thomas Darby Coventry, Richard t)arby, Strickland Freeman, John For.tnom,. Harry. Fonnereau, John Fane, joseph Grote, George Grots, John. Golding, WHU^m Giles, Edward Green, William Hodges, Thomas Hind, Clerk, Homan, Clerkr Thomas

Hall, Thomas Hollis, George Hewitt, MatthewAififhey, Henry Heathcote, Clerk, the Mayor, High S eward, Recorder,. Aidermcn, Town Clerk, Bridgemen and Burgesses of the Corporation of Henley upon Thames in Oxfordfinre, John Huffey, Robert Jones. Clerk, James Jane, Clerk, Kempenfeld, Charles Lee, Richard Matthews, Barrett March, Benjamin Moorhouse, Richard Matthews the younger, Nathaniel Micklem, Thomas Micklem, John Mangles, Jofpph Banks Moulding, Clerk, George Norton, Samuel Nicholls, Philip Nind of War grave. Clerk, William Ovey, James . Owthwaitet James Or me, Thomas Powys, Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, Dean of Canterbury, Philip Lybbe Powys, James Leigh Perrott, Francis Pearfe, Thomas Powys the younger. Clerk, Thomas Painton, John Plumbe, George Pring, William Parker, Henry Colbourn Ridley, Richard Rickford,

Routh, Samuel Rolls, Thomas Stoner, Robert ocott, William Soundy, George Scobell, Clerk, Edward Townsend, Clerk, Thomas Toovey of Nettlebed, Towrjhend, Clerk, William Augustus fowfey, William Vunder-^fegen, George Vanfit tart, Arthur Vunfit tart, John Atkyns Wright, Thomas '-^Williams, TPilliam Young, Owen Williams, John Wcjlbrook, Humphrey Wigtitxvick, George White. George White the younger, and their Successnrs be nominated and elected as hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they a ft hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, lb. far drily as it relates to the Third 'District oiftne said Roads.

r.J m - . HI'. And

4.6' GEORGII III. Cup. 145. 2973

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often asany Trustee Forappomt-in and by this Act named and appointed, or any succeeding Trustee to be ^fuftees i» appointed by virtue hereof, shall happen to die, or refuse to act or become Cafes of incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, or of the Powers hereby Death, Stz. granted, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or continuing Trustees,

or any Seven or more of them, within their respective Districts, by Writing under their Hands to nominate and elect any Person to be a Trustee, in the Room and Stead of the Trustee lo dyin^ or refuting to act, or becoming incapable to act as a fore said; and every Person so nominated and elected shall and may aft in the Execution of this Act, and the Powers and Authorities hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, 2s any Trustee hereby appointed is empowered to act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he ct frustee,» shall, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual Pof-

fession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Sixty Pounds over and above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person having such Estate, of the clear yearly Value of One Hundred Pounds, or posscffed of or entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Amount or Value of One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds; and if any Person not so qualified shall presume to act as such Trustee, contrary jn^not'qu*. 16 the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, for* lifted, every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record ar WeslmhiJier, by Action of Debr, or on the Cafe, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so proceeded aga’nft, or profecured, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Aftj and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in she Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act, or in any Case wherein he is perl'onally interested.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Acts and Pro- All Act« ceedings which shall have been done and performed by any such Person, Q°netQ^' touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of viaio°n having acted in the Execution of this Act, without having conformed to valid.

tht Directions herein contained in that Behalf, or without having or pofcfs-ing the Qualification herein-before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding loch Want of Conformity or Qualification, be valid and tffcftual.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Mortgagee, or Mortgagee* Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money

upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest qmi.fie/frorn thereout for the fame, shall, on that account, be deemed unqualified, or acting be prevented from acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; and T that all such Trustees as4re Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berks, may eft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, not.

£Lee. Per.] 33 H notwithstanding

2974

Truste?smay

sue and be sued in the Name of their Trea-

Clerk.

Treasurer or Clerk to be Teimbursed.

Pirft Meeting of the Trustees.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 143.

ivithstanding their being Trustees, save and except only in Cafes litre they may happen to he personally interested.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Matter or Thing to bt done or {offered' by virtue of this Act, in the Name or Names of their respective T re a filter or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or by the Acc or Default of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or Five or more of them, at a Public or General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, but that the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees for the Time being, shall be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action, as the Case may be.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceeding he or they shall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees within their respective Districts, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together on the First Day of October next after the passing this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at the respective Places hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) the Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, so far as it relates to the repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping Repair the said Roads within and forming the said First Districe herein-before described, at the Town Hall in Maidenhead aforesaid j and the Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, so far as it relates to the repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads within and forming the said Second District herein-before described, at the George Inn in Reading aforesaid and the Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, so far as it relates to the repairing, widening* altering, improveing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads within and forming the said Third District herein-before described, at the Town Hall in Hen-ley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford } and chat the Trustees of the Eirft and Second Districts shall afterwards respectively meet on the First Monday in every Calendar Month, and that the Trustees of the Third District shall afterwards meet on the First: Friday in every Calendar Month during the Continuance of this Act, at such Place as the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, or in Case of no such Appointment, then at the several Houses or Places where the then last Meetings of such Trustees were respectively held, all which Meetings shall be deemed Public or General Meetings for putting this Act in Execution, and the said respective Trustees may

from

4.£a GEORGII III. Cap. 145. 279

firTHn Time to Time adjourn their Meeting^ to such Times, and to be held at such Places as they shall respectively think proper, for the Purpose of putting this Act in Execution.

X. And be it forthes enacted, That if after any Adjournment or Meeting tf?ering'<n of the Trustees of either of the said Distriers, and before the t) iy to which Emergence*, the fame Trustees hath adjourned, or a Public or General Meeting is by

this Act directed to be holden for such District, it shall be thought necessary that they should meet at an earlier Time than the Diy appointed by such Adjournment, or by this Acr, for such General Meeting, that then and in such Case the Clerk for the Time being to the Trustees of such District, upon an Order in Writing funed by Five or more of them (although not afiemblrd at a Meeting) mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in Writing, if in the First District, by affixing the fame at the Door of the Town Hall iMaidenhead aforesaid \ if in the Second District, by affixing the fame az the Door of the Town Hall in Reading aforesaid; and if in the Third District, at the Door of the Town Hall in Henley upon Thames aforesaid, at least Three Days before such Meeting shall be holden, and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment, or at any General or Public Meeting.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Th3t no Order jsy0 Or<Jcr to

tnade by any Five or more of the Trustees shall be revoked or altered be revokeJ but at a General or Public Meeting, nor unless Nine Trustees at the but at. Gc-

least shall be then present, and Seven or more of them shall concur ncrcl Mce;*

therein. in*‘

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of FroceeHlrji the Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk

for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings fj entered shall be ,n 0V/ frgned by the Trustees making the same, or the major Part of them, or by their Chairman or Clerk, by their Order, which said Book or Books, and tdfo the Books hereinafter mentioned and directed to be kept for registering the Mortgages and Assignments of the Tolls hereby intended to be granted, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall be deemed Originals j and the lame, or true Copies thereof, and all Entries, shall be read

and admitted as Evidence in all Cafes of Appeal, and in all Suits and

Actions in any Court whatsoever, touching any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine Powertocon-or more of them, shall and may within their respective Distiiccs continue

or remove all or any of the Toll Gates and Toll Houses erected by virtue "e^ToM *° of the said former Acts, and may caul'e to be erected any other Toll Gate Cites, Sec. or Toll Gates, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads (except across the Road within the Second District between' the Town of Reading and the Place where the Gallows formerly flood, near the Ort Lane) and may also continue, erect, or provide any Toll Hoofe or Toll Houses, with suitable Out Buildings and Convenience', at or

near any such Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue any such Toll Gates or Toll Houses, as they the said Trustees,

or

2976

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

or any Nine or more of them, may think proper or expedient* and that the respective Tolls and Duties following shall be demanded and taken at each and every of such Toll Gates, of and from the Person or Persons driving, leading, riding* attending, or having the Care or Custody of any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time nominate or appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Cattle, Bead, of Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say)

Tolls, For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Barouche, Chaise, Calash, Curricle, Hearse, or Chair, drawn by Six Horses, the Sum of One Shilling; or by Five Horses, the Sum of Ten Pence; or by Four Horses, the Sum of Eight Pence; or by Three Horses, the Sum of Six Pence; or by Two Horses, the Sum of Four Pence j or by One Horse the Sum of Two Pence

For every Horse or Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon* Wain* Drug, Cart, or other such like Carriage, with Fellies or Rollers of the Breadth or Gauge of Sixteen Inches at the lead, or with Axletrees of different Lengths, rolling Sixteen Inches at the lead on each Side, the Sum of One Penny

For every Horse or Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other such like Carriage, with Four Wheels, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, the Sum of One Penny and One Halfpenny:

For every Horse or Bead of Draught (nor exceeding Three) drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, the Sum of Two Pence; and for each Horse, exceeding Three, the Sum of Three Pence.

For every empty Carriage, with Four Wheels, fattened to or behind any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Carr, of other Carriage, the Sum of Two Pence; and for every empty Carriage, with Two Wheels, so fadened; the Sum of One Penny; and ifloadeci,' double such Tolls:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule,.or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or neat Cattle, the Sum of Five Pence per Score, and so in proportion for every less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Two Pence >per Score, and so in Proportion for every less Number.

Toll And that on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, there shall on un ays. demanded and taken at the said several Toil Gates in the said Three Districts respectively, by such Person or Persons to be nominated or appointed as aforesaid, before any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame, or either of them, double the respective Tolls or Sums of Money herein-before mentioned, which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken as and in the Name of a Toll or Tolls, and the Money so to be raised within each respective Dittrict, is hereby vested in the Trustees for such Districe, and shall be applied in such Manner and for such Purposes, as are hereinafter expressed and enacted; and if any Person or Persons subject or liable to the Payment of the said Tolls, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so nominated or appointed to collect

and

I

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

ind receive such Toll or2 Tolls as aforelaitf cq fci?e and.id&rain any Horse or Hqrfes, Bead or Bealls, ^br offier for ornj- r«;ljpect whereof

&ny , TolV is hereby imooted cf made "payable, or any of the Goods or Chattel' of such Per fori pr P.erJoes (q Projecting of refufip g; ancfif such TMI, and the reafbnabld Chargebf fy^rf^p^igUg, nnd con-frquent thereupon, shall not be paid wfOim the Space, of Exyc OiysL.thp Pe.’son or Persons lo seizing arid dlftr^mn^stan and maYj felland diipoty of the Horle or Horses, 'Bffcaft or Bead's, Carde, Goots, or Chattels, so frized. and distrained, and 3cply the Money arising therefrom in Satisfaction Snd Di(?haVge of such Toil or Tdlls, and all reasonable Costs and Expenses orcafioned by such seizing and distraining, and consequent thereupon, and hpon such Salc.as aforesaid, returning ^he Overplus (ifany)~on Demand^, " to the Person or Persons whose Horse or Horses, Bead or Bends. Cftcle} Goods, or Chattels, shall have been so seized or distrained hnd fold.

2977

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dili For settling pure shall happen about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping any Didrefs, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person xonT.2 didraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (ns the Cafe may happen) until the Amount of Toll due, and Charges of Prizing, draining, keeping, and felling (as the Case shall happen) shall be ascer:ined by One or more J jftice or Jdlticcs of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, shall exatnine the said Matter on Okth of the Parties or other Witness or Wicndfcs, and determine the Amount of the Toll due, and also assess the Charges of such Seizure, Didrefi, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice or Justices, all which Sums, so determined or aflclfed, shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person before he shall be obliged to return the Dirt rtfs or Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, 6t Collector Litigation shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, the competent Personor Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Witncd* Persons acting by or under the Authority of the Paid Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tdlls, or by reason of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further eriatted; That in case any Regulation of Horle or Horses, being either rode or led, shall on any Day pass through TdMnccr-any Toll Gate or Bar already or hereafter by virtue of this Act to be fee ta-,n c«fci/ bp or erecacd, and the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons having tho Care and Custody of such Horle or Horses shall pay the Toll or Toils payable in respect thereof, and Inch Horse or Horses shall afterwards, during the Time Day, pass Or go through the fame Toll Gate or Bar, attached ro any Coach, Charior, Landau, Berlin, Birouche, Chaifc, Calash,

Curricle, Hrarlc, or Chair, that then and in every such Calc the Owner or Owners, or Person or Peri <fls having the C,re or P^lLldon of such Carriage to which such H>rle or Horlcs shall be attached, shall pay only Of Per.] jj / such

397* +6° GEORGII III. Cap. 145;

such Proportion of the Toll and Duty for such Carriage, as, with the Sum or Sums which shall have been paid for such Horse or Horses so having pafiVd through such Toll Gate or Bar, shall make up and amount to the Toll which would otherwise be paid and payable for such Carriage, with such Horse or the like Number of Horses i and also that no Toll or Duty shall be demanded and taken for the Return of any Horse or Horses having passed through any such Toll Gate or Bar attached to any such Carriage, and in respect of which Carriage, and such H >rfe or Horses being attached thereto, a Toll Duty hath been before in such Day demanded and paid, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwish-(tanding,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered from time to time, as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year, at any One Time, with any Person or Persons, for any Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages passing through any o! the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so that no such Composition shall be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire, and all such Composition Money shall be paid One Year in Advance, otherwise such Composition shall be void.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector,* appointed either by the said Trustees, or by any Renter or Firmer of the said Tolls authorized to be collected by this Act, or any P.rlon demanding or taking any Toll payable by this Act, shall, and he is hereby required, on each and every Day previous to his entering on Duty for the Collection of the said Tolls, to affix on a Board, in legible Characters, his Chridian and Surname, and let the fame remain on some conspicuous Part of the Toll House during the Time of his remaining on Duty, to collect the said Tolls j and in case such Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons, shall refule or neglect so to do, and being convicted thereof on the Oath of a credible Witness, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and applied in such and the same Manner, and under such and the like Punishments, in Case of Neglect of Payment, as are enacted and attach to any Penalties or Forfeitures recoverable by this Act.

Exemption

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll or from Tolls. Duty shall be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate continued or erected, or which shall hereafter be erected by virtue of the said Acts or of this present Act, for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying any Bricks, Stones, Timber, Chalk, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing or improving the said Roads, or any Road or Highway in any Parish or Place in w'hich any Part of such Roads lie, or of any Dung, Mould, Allies, Rags, Compolt, or other Manure of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for improving or manuring any Gardens or t Lands j or in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey,

or returning empty from carrying or conveying any Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw only, or Fodder, not loid or dispoied of, but passing to be Taid up or placed in the Outhousesor on ;he Lands o( die Owners there-

To oblige Toll Collector to affix up his Name.

Trustees empowered to compound for the Tolls.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

of; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying any Ploogh*, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry whatsoever, for the Purpose either of using or repairing the fame, or any other Article, Implement, of Thing to be used or employed in or about the Cultivation or Improvement of any Lands, or in the Management of any Farm or Lanck nor for any Cattle which shall be going to or returning after having been Ilioed or favried within any such Parishes or Places; but so nevertheless a's that the Exemptions herein-before specified shall extend only to each particular Day on which such Wains, Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, Ilorfes, Cattle, or Beads, shall respectively be solely and excludvdy employed as aforesaid j nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded or raken for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pallure or Watering Places in any such Parish or Place, or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any ocher Day on which Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated or performed; or from any Person or Persons attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Pari Oh s; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiing any sick Person, or Upon any other his parochial or ministerial Ducy cn a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority co be performed or celebrated, or for any Horse or Carriage conveying such Person or Personsj or for any Horfts or Carriages of any Dehription employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expnfies under the Authority ot His Majesty's Postmaster General, eithtr when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or ExprefTcs, or in returning therefrom j or for any Horles or other Cattle, Carts, Wains, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or conveying the i^ Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare or Gelding rode or led by any Soldiers belonging to His Majesty's Regular Troops or Militia when on their March, Route, of Duty, or in going to or returning from their Place or Places of Exercise; or for any II mfe, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and rede by them in going to or returning from their Place or Places of Exercise, provided such Person or Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided or established for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid , or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Pafles; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding rode by any Person, or conveying in any Kind of Carriage any Person going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament fer the County of Berks, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded, and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, or by any Mifreprcfentation whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any or either of the aforesaid Exemptions, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes cf this Act.

29^9

XX. Ar4

29&a 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

Tolis to be XX, And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall a^D"tonce ^ave Pait* £^ie Toll this Act granted for the pairin'/ of any Horse or Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriage, through any Toll Gaie (onrinued or erected by virtue of this Act, the same Person shall be permitted to pass Toll free with the fame Horse or Horses, Ca le, Beads, or Carriage drawn by the fame Horses, through the fime Toll Gate, and through any other Toll Gate erected*or to be erected within the same Dftricr, out no other, at any Time or Times during the fame Dav, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next Night.

Power to XXf. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to K*teonSide an(* *0T Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, within their

of Roads. respective Districts to erect and set up a Toll Gate or Toll Gates, anti Toll House or Toll Houses, or any Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, on the Side of Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads or Highways, across any Lane, Way, or Road, public or private, leading out of the fame (save and except in, upon, across, or on the S=dc of that Part of the Land or Road or Highway which adjoins to the Cottage, Wharf, and Land belonging to or in the Occupation of John Curtis, Esquire, at or near Maidenhead Bridge) and there to cause to be taken and levied such Tolls as are by this Act made payable at any other Toll Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, but so neverrhelcfs as that the fame do not extend to a double Charge on any Person passing through any other Toll Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act within die fame District.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees acting in and for the said Third District shall erect or fee up, or cause to be erected or set up any Toll Gate, Side Gate, Bir, qr Chain, on the Side of the said Road at or near a Place called The Marfa, in the Parish of Remenlsam, leading to the Villages or Parishes of V/'ar-grave and Remenham, in the said County of Berks, that then and in such Case the Inhabitants of the said Parishes of JVargrave and Remenham, and the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Henley-ufon-Thames, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Toll authorized by this Act to be collected at the said Side Bar or Chain; provided such Person or Persons so claiming the Benefit thereof shall not have travelled the Space or Distance of Half a Mile on the said Third District of the said Turnpike Road, and provided the Person so passing the Lid Gate, Bar, or Chain, shall not pass or go through the fame for the Purpose of evading the Tolls to be collected by the Trustees of the said Third District on the Henley Line of Road.

Power to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the vary Toll»« Trustees for the Care of the said Roads within their respective Districts, or any Nine or more of them, from time to time, at any General Meeting or Meetings, to lessen and reduce all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted and authorized to be demanded and taken within their respective Districts, and for such Time or Times as they shall think proper or expedient, and may afterwards from time to time advance ail or any of die Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Sums or Tolls herein-before granted: Provided neverthe-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14$. 2981

Itfs, that no Reduction iTiall at any Time be made or take place, unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Five-sixth Parts at the lead of the Money which shall be then due and owing upon- the Credit of che Tolls so intended to be lessened or reduced, shall, by Writing under their Hands>, consent thereto; and no Alteration shall be made in the said Tolls unless Fourteen Days Notice at the lead shall be given thereof in Writing, to be affixed upon or at all the Turnpikes or Toll Houses which are no\V or shall then be erected by virtue of this Act, within the District of Roads wherein such Tolls shall be payable.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trufless raaj respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any public Meet- let Toll*, ting, whereof Twenty-eight Days Notice shall have been given in Writing affixed upon all the Toll Gates then erected within the respective Districts of the said Road, and inferred in some Newspaper of the County of Berks, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands, to let and demise, or agree to let and demise the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act* or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, upon public Bidding, to the highest Bidder, and for the bed Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times, and to such Person or Persons, and under such Conditions and Agreements, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and the Money arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so leased are directed to be applied; any Thing in any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be Enabling

the Farmer or Renter of any of the Tolls by this Act authorized to be collected, shall not pay or cause to be paid to the said Trustees, or their |£5or">n Treasurer for the Time being, the Rent which he or they shall have Default of agreed to give for the lame, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after Payment of the several and respective Days on which the same shall become due and *r

-payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of

them, within their respective Districts (although no: afll-mbled at a Meeting) to nominate and appoint some fit Person to collect and receive the Tolls arising at the Toll Gate of which such Person shall be che Farmer or Renter, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the District within which the said l oll Gate tiiall be erected, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Power, and be accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as if he had been appointed a Collector at a Meeting held by virtue of this Act; and then and from thenceforth the Contract or Lease by which the said Tolls shall be rented or holden, shall become null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatso-evtr, and the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been drpolited in the Hands of the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, for the better securing the regular Payment of the said Rent, and ail Interest which shall be then due thereon, shall become forfeited to the said Trustees of the respective Districts in which such Tolls, shall arise, and be by them applied to the several Purposes of this Act.

Apportion

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies raised or collected ment of Et-under or by virtie of the said recited Acts within the said First District herein-before described, and which shall remain unapplied for the Purposes

2982

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14$.

therein mentioned at the Time of passing this Acr, and also all Sums of Money or Tolls to be collected, received, or taken within that DistricC by virtue of this Act, shall, in the First place, be subject to and charged with the Payment of the Sum of Thirty Pounds towards the Costs and Charges of procuring and obtaining this present Acr, and also of One full Third Part of the Remainder of the said Costs and Charges, and in the next place be subject and liable to the Payment of the clear Sum of Twenty Pounds per Annum to the Trustees of the Third District, or their Treasurer, towards the Repair of the Roads in that Districr, by equal Half-yearly Payments, on the First Day of April, and the First Day of October in each Yearj the first Payment to be made on the first Day of April next, after the passing this Act, and then remain subject to and charged with the Payment of all Principal Money borrowed by the Trustees who have acted within that District under the said recited Acts, upon the Credit of the fame Acts or either of them, or of the Tolls thereby granted, and which at the Time of passing this Act shall remain due and owing on any such Security, and of all interest due and to grow due for or in respect of such Principal Money, and also of such Salaries and Allowances as the Trustees of that Districe shall think proper to pay or make to their Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, and Collectors, and the Remainder thereof shall be applied in repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads within and forming the said First District, and defraying the necessary Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and for carrying into Execution the Powers and Authorities of this Act, so far as the same are hereby directed to be applied to that District, or relate thereto, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever j and that the Monies raised or collected under or by virtue of the said recited Acts within the said Second District herein before described, and which shall remain unapplied for the Purposes therein mentioned at the Time of passing this Act, and also all Sums of Money or Tolls to be collected, received, or taken within that Districe by virtue of this Act, shall, in the First place, be subject to and charged with the Payment of One full Third Part of all the Costs and Charges of procuring and obtaining this present Act, after Deduction of the said Sum of Thirty Pounds so chargeable on and to be paid out of the Tolls arising within the said First District as aforesaid, and in the next place be and remain subject to and charged with the Payment of all Principal Money borrowed by the Trustees who have acted within that District under the said recited Acts, upon the Credit of the fame Acts or either of them, or of the Tolls thereby granted, and which at the Time of passing this Act shall remain due and owing on any such Security, and of all Interest due and to grow due for or in respect of such Principal Money, and also of such Salaries and Allowances as the Trustees of that Districr shall think proper to pjy or make to their Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, and Collectors, and the Remainder thereof shall be applied in repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads within and forming the said Second District, and defraying the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and for carrying into Execution the Powers and Authorities of this Act, so far as the same are hereby directed to be applied to that District, or relate thereto, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever} and that the Monies raised or collected under or by virtue of the said recited Acts within the said Third Piftrice herein-before described, and which shall. rejnain unapplied for

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145. 2983

the Purposes therein mentioned at the Time of pitting this Act, and all Snms of Money or Tolls to be collected, received, or taken within that District by virtue of this Act, shall, in the First place, be subject to and charged with the Payment of One full Third Part of all the Costs and Charges of procuring and obtaining this present Act, after Deduction of the said Sum of Thirty Pounds so chargeable on and to be paid out of the Tolls arising within the said First District as aforesaid, and in the next place be and remain Subject to and charged with the Payment of all Principal Monies borrowed by the Trustees who have acted within that District under the said recited Acts* upon the Credit of the fame Acts or either of them, or of the Tolls thereby granted, and which at the Time of passing this Act shall remain due and owing on any such Security, and of all Interest due and to grow due for or in respect of such Principal Money, and also of such Salaries and Allowances as the Trustees of that District shall think proper to pny or make to their Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, and Collectors, and the Remainder thereof shall be paid and applied in repairing, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads within and forming the said Third District, and defraying the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and for carrying into Execution the Powers and Authorities of this Act, so far as the same are hereby directed to be applied to that District, or relate thereto, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Roads, and the Road Toll Ground and Soil thereof, and all Toll Gates, Toll Houses, or othej Gates, &c. Buildings, Toll Bars and Side Gates, which shall be continued, or here- Trusteii, after erected or set up under the Authority of this Act, and all Posts,

Rails, Chains, and all Tools, Implements, Gravel, Sand, Materials,

Articles, and Things which have been provided under the said former Acts, or which shall be provided under this Act, by the said respective Trustees, or by the Surveyors of their said several Districts, for repairing the said Roads, and all Mile Stones and Direction Posts which shall be continued or set up under the Authority of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees of the said respective Districts, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of their respective Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or to prefer and prosecute, or order and direct the preferring and profecuring any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, (leal, take or carry away any Gravel or Sand from the said Roads, or the Sides thereof, or break, pull down, spoil, injure, or destroy any such Toll Gate, Toll House, or other Building, Toll Bar or Side Gate, or the Materials of which the same shall be built or confjft, or any such Poll, Rail, Chain, Mile Stone, Direction Post, or any such Tools, Implements, Materials, Articles, or Things hereby vested in the said respective Trustees as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall p*fs To prevent through or over any Gate, Field, Passage, or private Way, with any evading the Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, or permit or suffer any Person or Per- To, I,*

Tons to pass through or over any Gate, Field, Passage, or private Way, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage j or if any Person shall take Z ©ff#

2984 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or Beall from any Carriage before having passed through any Gate or Turnpike erected or continued by virtue of this Act, or having passed through the fjirte shall afterwards add or put any Horse or Beall to any Carriage, for the Purpose of drawing the fame, on any Part of the said Roads, except for the Purpose of drawing up Henley Hill, Culbam Field, Re/e Hill, or Hurley, in Order to avoid the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted; or if any Person shall pals through any such 1 oil Gate with any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any Toll hereby granted, or whereby the Payment of any Toll hereby granted shall be avoided, every Person so offending in any such Case shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Trullees en- XXIX. And, for the more speedy and effectual repairing, widening, abled to bor. altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads within the cTih^Credit several Districts, and for more effectually carrying the Powers and of the Toll). Authorities hereby given to the Trullees within their respective Districts into Execution; BE it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Trullees acting in and for the said respective Districts, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, upon the Credit of the respective Tolls by this Act granted and made payable within their respective Districts, to borrow and take up at Interest any such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think needful; and may, and they are hereby empowered to mortgage or assign over the Tolls arising within their respective Districts to any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums of Money that shall be so borrowed, and the Interest thereof j which said Sums of Money so to be, borrowed shall be laid out and applied in and for the repairing, altering, widening, im-f proving, and keeping in Repair the said respective Roads, and for other

the Purposes of this Act, in the respective Districts for which the Trustees shall respectively borrow the fame, under the Authority of this Act, and not in or for any other District, or to or for any other Ul'e or Purpose whatsoever.

Mortgagees

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per-may assign fons to whom any Mortgage or Mortgages, Asignment or Assignments of Securities, the said respective Tolls, granted by the said recited Acts, or either of them, have or harh been made, or by this present Act shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, and his, her, and their personal Representative or Representatives, Affgnee or Assigns, may and is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time to transfer or assign over such Security or Securities, and all the principal Monies that shall be due thereon, and all Interest Money then due or thereafter to become due thereon, to any other Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Executors jAdministrators, and Assigns, without any special Licence and Consent to to be had or obtained from the Trullees or any of them in that Behalfg and Copies of all such Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered id a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the Trullees of the District on Account of which the said Monies thereby secured shall be borrowed,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145. 2^5

XXXf. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Seven o:j Mcrt£a* or more of them, shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages made by virtue of the said recited Acts or nfW ones either of them, and give and execute another Mortgage or Mortgages granted, in lieu thereof respectively, in Manner and transferable as herein-before mentioned.

r XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Person or Mortgagee* Persons who have lent, or who at the Time of passing this Acr, or after-

wards, shall be or become entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money on Remedy , Security of the Tolls granted by the said former Acts within the said case cl Non-respective Districts, and by this Act charged upon the said Tolls hereby meat, granted asforesaid, or any other Person or Persons who shall hereafter lend and advance any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls granted by this present Acr, and payable within any of the said respective D stricts, or his, her, or their personal Representive or Kepresent3tives,

Assignee or Assigns, shall at any Time be desirous to be repaid the Money due tly rron, and shall deliver a Notice in Writing, signed by him, her, or them (signifying such his, her, or their Desire) to the Clerk or Clerks of the Trustees acting within such District, at any general 01 public Meeting of the said Trustees j then and in such Case (unless the Principal and Interest dur and to grow due to him, her, or them, on the Security of the said Toll, shall be fully paid unto or tendered, and refused to be accepted by f ch Creditor or Creditors so signing such Notice, within Six Calendar Months after the Delivery thereof as aforesaid) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Creditor or Creditors to receive and collect, or cause to be received and collected, the Tolls and Duties granted by this Act, and which shall be payable at such Toll Gate or Toll Gates, on the Credit of which such Money was advanced and lent, and to apply the same to the Payment of the Principal and Interest of such Debt or Dcors, uniil thereby and therewith, or otherwise, such principal Money, with all Interest thereof, shall, together with the Costs and Charges of receiving and obtaining Payment of the fame, be paid and satisfied: Provided never- No Priority their fs, that all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer of Mortgage of Security, of the Tolls granted by the said former Acts hath been made for any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due and owing at the Time of passing this Act, or to whom any Mortgage or Transfer of Mortgage of the Tolls hereby granted shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall, with respretto their Securities upon the Tolls hereby granted within the fevc-ral Districts, be and be considered as to the Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in their respective Securities, Creditors on the Tolls charged therewith, in each particular and separate District, in equal Degree one with another (but not conjointly with any Person or Persons who may have lent Money on the Credit or Security of the Tolls arising within any other District) and shall have no Preference in respect of Priority of Time, as to the Advancement of any Sum or Sums f Money on such Mortgage or Mortgages, or of the Dates thereof respectively,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for tkfi Trcftees em-said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to appoint such po«ercdto Officers and other Persons as they shall think, neccftary to employ in the appoint such Execution of this Act, and out of the Monies to be raised or collected by virtue of this Act, to make them such Allowances as to them shall ,ccefTary, item proper, and such Officers and other Persons, and any of them, from ard ,(rnor»

ILqc,&Per.] 33 L Time

.86

Trust?es ti take Secui from Tret surer and others.

No Innkeeper to hold Place Profit.

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 14s.

Time to Time to remove, and in Case of the Death or Removal of such Officer or Officer?, to appoint others in his or their Place or Stead; and all and every sech Officers and other Persons, and all and every thr Officers and other Persons who have had, received, or paid by virtue of the said forme r Acts, or who shall at any Time or Times hereafter have, receive, or pay any Sum or Sums of Money on account of or relaring to the repairing, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the said respective Roads, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, make and render to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands upon Oath, to be taken before One or more of the said tespective Trustees (which Oath any-one of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) of ail Monies which he, they, and every of them respectively shall to that Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices; and in case any Money so received shall remain in their or any of their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same; and in case any such Officer or other Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath such Account, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, then any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where such Officer or other Person shall reside, shall make Inquiry concerning such Default, in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer); and if any such Officer or other Person or Persons shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall make and render a full, true, and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or they shall have compounded and agreed with the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition to the said respective Trustees, or any One or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the feme, which Composition the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make.

3 XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Truf-

>7 tees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collectors or Receivers of the Tolls to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his and their said Office and Offices, as to the respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person keeping an Inn, Aithouse, or ocher House of public Entertainment, or who

of shall fell Ale, Wine, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of holding any Place of Trust or Profit under this Act.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. J45. 29S7

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as an? Ne" Collector or Receiver of the Tolls by this Act granted shall neglect i^t of Co\* or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent him lector not self, any Three or more of the Trustees (though not afte-mbled at a discharging Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act,) may dif- hls uty* charge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself; and in such

Cale, and also in case any such Collector or Receiver shall die, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, ft all and m*y nonuna e and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or R ceiver of the said T'»lls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die or be discharged, and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the Ume Manner, in all Rrfpedts, as the Person v.ho shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Farmer or Renter

whose Comradt or Lease shall become null and void by virtue of the JJ ToIIs Hc powers in this Act contained, or if any Collector or Receiver of the said in Cerui* Tolls who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or Cafcj, the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representative or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Poftclk fion of any Toll Gate or Toll House, or any of the Appurtenances {hereof, for the Space of Two Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at any Meeting) or by their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein such House shall be fuuate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necefikry, to enter such House and Appurtenances in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, or in Possession of the said Gate, togecher with his, her, or their Goods, out of and from the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Pofltfiijn of such Toll House, Appurtenances, and Gate.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Persons hav> Person who shall have been employed to receive, or who shall have re- ing Book*, ccived any Tolls or other Monies by virtue or on account of the said ^ocn,0to former Acts or this Act, or who shall have in his or her Custody or Pofief- ver ’up fame fion any Vouchers, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things when e-relating to the said Roads hereby inrended to be rcp ircd, shall account 9a*rcd*

for and deliver the fame, and every Pure thereof, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the like Manner, and under the like Penalties, as any other Officer or Person is herein-before directed to account and deliver.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors Surveyor! appointed by the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

or tcriali.

2988 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

or any Person or Persons appointed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, may and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to cur, dig, gather, take and carry away, or cause to be cut, dug, gathered, taken and carried away, any Materials proper for repairing of Roads, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste or Common in any Parish or Place in, adjoining to, or lying near the Roads aforesaid, or through which the fame pass, to be used in repairing the said Roads, without paying any Thing for the fame, they the said Surveyors or other Persons filling up the Pits and Holes, and levelling the Ground, or making a sufficient Fence to prevent any Misfortune or Accident happening in the Pits or Holes from whence such Materials shall be taken, or causing the same to be done j and if a Quantity of Materials sufficient for that Purpose cannot be found in or upon such Waste or Common, then and in such Cases to cut, dig, gather, rake and carry away, or cause ro be cut, dug, gathered, taken, and carried away, any Quantity or Quantities of Materials proper and sufficient for that Purpose, in, upon, or out of and from any Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found, to be used towards repairing the said Roads, (such Lands and Grounds not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Avenue, Wood, Coppice, or Nursery) they the said Surveyor^ or other Person or Persons paying or offering to pay to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Damage done to the Land in digging, taking and carrying away the said Materials, and for carrying the fame over their Grounds, as the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable j and in case of any Difference between the said respective Trustees, Surveyors, or Person or Persons by them appointed as aforesaid, and the said Owners and Occupiers, or any or either of them, concerning the said Damages, any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Town, or Place where the said Materials shall be so cut, dug, gathered, taken and carried away, shall and may, on Ten Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by them the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to be left at their respective Places of Abode, with some or One of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Complaint or Difference, and to fix and ascertain the Amount of any Damages j and the Judgment or Order of the Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, to cut, dig, gather, take or carry away, or cause to be cut, dug, taken or carried away, any such Materials for repairing the Roads in their respective Dist rifts, from the inclosed Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, except only in such Cases where the fame cannot be conveniently had or taken from such Waste or Common Lands, or from open or uninclosed Lands Or Common Fields.

Surveyor not

XL. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Sur-m dip Mate- veyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, clorVdLand begin to dig, gather, or carry away any Materials for repairing the without No- f*id Roads, out of or from any inclosed Land, until Notice in Writing, tice. signtd by the said Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or his

known Agent, or to the Occupier of the Land from which such Materials

are

2989

4.6" GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

arc intended to be taken, or left at such Occupier’s usual Place of Rcfi-drnce, to appear before the said Trupees, or any Five or more of them, or any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Land shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials fhputd not be had therefrom; and whether such Owner, Agent, or Occupier, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, or shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, the said Trustees, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, and the Order of such Trustees or Justices respectively shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall Penalty on take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or gathered for the Repair or Use of the said Roads, or shall raise or carry away any Materials out of, or otherwise interfere with or obstrutt the working of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for repairing the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of the Land in which such Pic or Quarry shall be made, as to Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum noc exceeding Ten Pounds or less than Forty Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees* or Trustees em-any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Per- ^Cause son or Persons by them or either of them appointed or employed, may wayj> &c and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to make or cause to be made causeways, Footways, or Paths, for the Safety and Convenience of Travellers and Passengers, by or along the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and to cut and dig, or cause to be cut and dug, any Watercourses or Drains, in, through, or across any Lands or Grounds, in order to drain or prevent the Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, from being overflowed or damaged, and erect Bridges over such Drains or Watercourses, if necessary, and also to make or cause to be made any Road or Way by, through, or over the Lands or Grounds adjoining any flooded, narrow, or ruinous Parts of the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, not being the Scite of or Ground whereon any House or Houses^ or Buildings stand, or is or are erected, or a planted Walk, Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, or Avenue to any House, to be made use of by all Passengers, with Carriages and Cattle, or otherwise, as a public Road, whilst the old or ruinous Road is impaftkble or repairing, and till such Time as it shall be convenient and safe for Persons, Carriages, and Cattle to pass, go, and travel thereon, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, for che Damages they shall thereby sustain, as to the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for To remove the said Trustees, or any Five of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, Annoyancei. and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to remove or cause to be removed all Annoyances on the said cespective Roads, and to lep, top, or cut down any Trees or Bullies growing in the said Roads, or in [Lee. fcf Per.] 33 M the

299°

Penalty on Person* not clean Ting Ditches,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, or within Thirty Feet from the Centre of the said Roads, the Owners or Occupiers neglecting to lop, top, or cut down such Trees or Bullies, or to remove such Annoyances for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Cleric or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose shall be given to him, her, or them, or shall be left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode; and such Owners or Occupiers neglecting to lop, top, or cut down such Trees or Bullies, or to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid, shall, on Demand, pay and satisfy to the said Surveyor or Surveyors the Charges and Expences thereof; and in case such Owners or Occupiers shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place in which such Trees or Bullies shall be cut, from Time to Time to levy the Charges thereof upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owners or Occupiers thereof, upon Demand, after all Charges paid; and if upon the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person or Persons shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted upon Oath before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered in Manner aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who of right ought to scour and cleanse any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, which shall adjoin to, or lead into or out of any Part or Parts of the said respective Roads, shall not in a proper Manner cause the same to be feoured and cleansed within the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing from the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, shall for that Purpose be given to him, her, or them respectively, or shall be left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, by the said Surveyor or Surveyors; then the said Surveyor or Surveyors may cause such Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, to be feoured and cleansed, and pay for scouring and cleansing the fame; and if the said Person or Persons shall not repay the Money paid by such Surveyor or Surveyors, on Demand thereof, to him, her, or them respectively, made either in Person or in Writing, to be left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, the said Money, and every Part thereof, upon the Proof of the cleansing and scouring the said Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and Payment of the said Money, and Demand thereof made, and Non-payment thereof as aforesaid, by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Town, or Place where such Person or Persons respectively shall live, shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants, under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Demand, after all Charges paid.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145. *99t

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made Direfi^on a* and placed in any Field, Ground, or Place adjoining any Part of the said Roads, shall be made, hung, and set up, so as to open inwards only to- J

wards such Field, Ground, or Place, and not outwards towards the said joining Road, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered Road-and applied in Manner aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, in their respective Districts, to cause all such Gates as are now or hereafter may be erected and so conducted as to open outwards towards the said Roads, to be alccred, and made so as to opeh inwards only*

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Empowered the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to 10 cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be placed in ^>tooes, or near the fame, with inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Per^ penalty for fons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction Poll or Mile Stone,erect- defacing ed or fixed, or to be erected or fixed in or near the Side of the said Road, or j^'1* Stone', shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway or Path adjoining to or being Part of such Road, or on the Side thereof, other than and except in Time of Floods, and when necessary for the immediate Purpose of personal Safety; or shall drive any Horse, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, other than and except in the Time of Floods, or shall cause any Damage to any such Footway; or if any such Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (otherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages) or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon Wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Parc of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left Side of the said Roads, when meeting any Carriage; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him upon the said Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or firework, or other combustible Matter whatsoever, on any Parc or Parts of the said Road, or any causeway, or Footway, or Path adjoining thereto; or if any Person shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or ocher Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of the said Road, cither with or without any Horse or Beall of Draught harnefied or yoked together, longer than may be necessary, and exccpc in Cafes of Accidents, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, flay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Parc of the said Roads, or on any Waite Ground adjoining the Side or Sides thereof, and being within the Distance of Thirty Feet from the Centre of the said Roads, to the Prejudice of the said Roads, or to the Annoyance of any Person or Persons whomsoever, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and applied in Manner aforesaid.

2992

Power to affix Lamps.

46° GE..ORGII IIr. Cap. 145.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustets, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to cause l amp Irons or L~mp Pods to be put or affixed upon the said Roads, or upon any Place or Places adjacent thereto, and leading into the fame, in such Manner as they shall think proper and convenient, and also to cause such Number of Lamps, of such Sizes and Sorrs, to be provided and affixed, or put upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Pods, as they shall think proper or necessary for lighting all or any Part of the said Roads, or Place or Places adjacent thereto, and to cause the said Lamps, or such of them as they shall think proper, to be properly lighted; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, takeaway, ipoil, or damage any of the Lamps put up by virtue of this Act, or any Pod, iron, or other Furniture thereof, or extinguish the Light or Lights wirhin any such Lamp, it shall be lawful for any Person who shall fee such Offence committed to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons toafiill in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by virtue of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before feme Justice of the Peace of the County, Town, or Place wherein the said Offence shall be committed; or in case such Offender or Offenders shall not be so apprehended, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice, upon Information to him exhibited, touching any such Offence, to llfue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Offender or Offenders; and when any such Offender or Offenders shall, by either of the Means aforesaid, be brought before such Justice, the said Justice shall hear and determine the Matter of such Offence, and in order thereto shall examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching the fame; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confek fion, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Lamp, Lamp Post, Iron, or other Furniture so taken away, broken, thrown down or damaged, and for every Light so extinguished as aforesaid, One Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Informtr; and such Offender or Offenders shall also make full Satisfaction to the said Truf-tccs, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and if any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any of the said Lamps, or the Polls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon reasonable Demand make Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to their Surveyor, for the Damage done thereto, within Seven Days after such Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, Town, or Place, upon Proof

thereof

=993

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

thereof made upon the Oath of any credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Parry, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Satisfaction to the said Trustees for such Damage, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Complaint, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in Default of Payment thereof, upon Notice of such Award or Order given to the Party, to cause the same to be levied in Manner herein mentioned,

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall at any time or time during the Continuance of this Act, think proper to widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said Roads within their respective Districts, then the said respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to treat, contract, and agree with the several Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers of, and Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may in anywise sustain by such widening, turning, or altering any Part of such Roads, and out of the respective Tolls by this Act granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to pay for such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments, and for such Loss or Damage, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Truf-tecs, and such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested as aforesaid, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase.

XLIX. And whereas it may happen that some Persons, or Bodies Po litic. Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, or others, are or may be seised or possefled of Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which may by the said respective Trustees be thought necessary or proper to be taken and added to the said Roads, or through which the said Roads may be diverted or turned, and such Persons or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Feoffees, may be willing to treat or agree for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, but may be incapable of granting or conveying the fame, by reason of Infancy or other Disability j BE it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Gu rdians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possess d of, or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree with che laid respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for their Intcrclt therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any & P/r.] 33 N other

Power to her or widen Roads and purchast Buildings.

Incapacitated Persons may treat.

Power to Bodies Politic, Sec. to consent to fell.

4§° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding} and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Adminiilra-ors. Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in purl'uance of this Act,

WhenOwner L. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owner, Proprietor, of Lands re- Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Ag-fuse to treat, grcgate or Sole, Trustees, or other Pci fort or Persons interested in any fm pann el led such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to them given, to value the or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Premises. Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Qffirtr or

Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Col.egiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in P.ifTefiion of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so to be taken in and ;dded to the said Roads, or into or through which such Road is to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall, by the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice given or lese as aforesai.., neglect or refuse to trear, or shall nor agree in the Premises, or by rCafon of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Berks (which Oath any One or more of the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered and required to adr minister) what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested for or upon account of the caking such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments into the said Roads, or of diverting or turning such Road into or through any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments; and in Order thereto the said respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be or require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons v/homsoever who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any one or more of the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the said Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and uie all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, as they the said respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think fitj and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, they the said respecttive Trustees, or any Nine or more of thfcVn, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said Sum or Sums of Money so afTcfied by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of, or other Person interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition, of the said Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order, or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Person and Persons whomsoever claiming in Possession, Ueversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, ns well, absentas present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons un-

2995

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

der any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever j and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and all and every Person and Persons interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money foaffefled as aforesaid, be thereby and from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, dive (led of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest and Property of, into, or out of the fame j and for the summoning and returning such Jury or Juries, the said respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby empowered to i flue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Berks, thereby commanding and requiring himfo imponnel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said respective T ruflees, or any Fivy or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrants shall be appointed, and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required toim-pannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall (wear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposys aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficienc Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Sunders-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, and the said respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have full Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear or appearing shall refuse to be (worn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, refuting to give, or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their I)uty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, in the same Manner as any other Forfeiture or Penalty herein-before mentioned is hereby directed to be levied, so that no such ! ine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence j and all such Fines shall be applied for such Uses and in such Manner as the Tolls granted by this Act are to be applied.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give HowExpcn-and deliver a Verdict or Aflrdment for more Money as a Recompence for ces of the the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Ju.ry be

Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damages to be by them paid' fuffained, than what shall have been agreed on and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of theni, or their Treasurer, Clerk,

Surveyor, or other known Agent, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recomp< a I Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Loss, or Damage as; foresaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning «>nti maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of the

Money

29§*> 4.6*’ GEORGII 111. Cap. 145.

Money in his Hands to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessmenc for no more or less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, for Property, or Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace of the said County of Berks, not interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby authorized and required to examine the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for Re* covery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Monies t6be LIE And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums

Jbfcon"8' of Monty so assessed as aforesaid are hereby charged upon the Monies

Tolls. which shall be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid thereout accordingly by the said respective Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, or their respective Treasurer, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents j and that upon Payment thereof, or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, and in Case of Refusal to accept the fame, then, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said respective Trustees for the Use of such Persons, such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be deemed and taken to be a public and Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said respective Roads for ever after, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Methods, and in all Respects in such Manner as the old Road so widened, altered, diverted, or turned, was and ought to be kept in Repair and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the old or former Road, shall be vested in the said respective Trustees, and shall or may be flopped up or left unrepaired, or shall or may be by them, or any Five or more of them, fold and disposed of to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the befl Price that can be reasonably had or gotten (or the fame i afld the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for repairing of the said Roads, and other the Purposes of this Act j and the Sale or C< nveyante and Conveyances to be made of such Lands or Grounds, being executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Berks, shall

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145- 2997

be good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in widening, turning, altering, Act not to or diverting any Part or Parts of the fai l Roads, nothing shall be done which shall or may in anywise injure or damage any H >use or Building, H0ulfs> &c.n or any Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Plantation, or NTurfery of Trees, or any Walk of Trees, or Avenue to any House, unless the Owner or Prourietor thereof Shall consent thereto in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands for that Purpose.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money Shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,^ fa don "when purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the amounting to Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Femes Coverts,-£.200. Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid; into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Monty shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Said Court, to be signified by an Order upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Wav, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the fair! Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the likeUfcs,

Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or u(ed as aforesaid, (food, settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable ot taking Effect , and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said B*Dk Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LV. JPfovided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed^or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- when Money

[Loc» & Ptfr.] 33 0 ditaments.

2/398 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

doe? not amount to

shall exceed /;.2o.

InCafe of not making out Titles,

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Ear.k;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery.

cHtaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to ary Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Tnc^pacitv as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hunt?fed P unds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Caies the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commiures, in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Priviry of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Ch ncerv, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before*'directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Par tie*) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery: Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rencs and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in Case the Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall nor be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Monty shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments \dtjcr thing the m'] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums ot Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eftare or Effaces, Title or interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the

Premises

2999

46° GEORGII III. Cap.

Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of th'* Bunk of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and spe.rifving for what and for whose Ufc the lame is or are received, to fgch Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any. Where any Question shall arise tou hing the Title of any lYrfon to any Money to n

be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuaner of this Act* T^eot2 for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, Morey to be or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased. in pursuance ra5d to tf"e thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any Ajch M >nc/i J,7i^7n° or to the Dividends or Inrercfls of any such Bank Annuities, the Person p0fi<flio"of or Persons who shall have been in Possession of fqch Lands. or Here~ ihe ditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under &c- 1 the such Person or Persons, or under the Pofiedion of such Person or.

Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled ,j{ be to such Lands and Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until deemed en-the contrary shall be shewn to tqe Satisfaction of the said Court of Chart- "tied ,hcret0 eery j and the Dividends or Ir.ccrelt of the Bank Annuities to be puf*r fachV"® *° chafed with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, iession.

shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it Hull be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Poflei,* fion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Eltace or Interest therein.

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, may order entitled to any Lands or Herediaments to be purchased under the Autho- reason able rity of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands be paid by or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, the TruHeej. it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trulitcs, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LIX. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees Power to fell arc empowered to make by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the divert- old

ing of some Part or Parts of the lame Roads, they may happen to be fcifed of some Piece or Pieces of old Road or other Ground, over and above what shall be neceifdry for effecting the Purposes of this Act; BE it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of th in, to lcll and difpeie of such Piece or Pieces of old Roud or other Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall

3000

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

find most convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons a! shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

Preference to

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trufforaer Own- tecs* or any ^ve or more r^em» before they shall sell and dispose of «fier wa any Piece or Pieces of old Road, shall first offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto, and that the said Trustees, before they shall sell or dispose of the said Piece or Pieces of overplus Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground j and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or repurchase the fame respectively any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Berks, by some Person or Persons noways inte-refttd in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or other Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refuted by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and wa« not agreed to, or was refuted by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasingor re-purchasing the fame, and he, (fie, or they, and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed, with respect to disputed Value of the Prc-mises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis, and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees, of such Pieces or Parcels of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Milapplica-tion or Nonapplication of such Money.

Persons lia.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per-Road° Ac*'to *ons» Towns, Parishes, Hamlet*, and Places, and the Inhabitants there-continue io.° of» Bodies Politic and Corporate, who before the making this Act hath or have used, or of Right ought by reason of the Tenure of any Lands or Hereditaments, or on any other Account or Accounts, to repair any Part or Parts of the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or any Bridge, Drain, or Watercourse, in or upon the fame, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be subject and liable to, and charged and chargeable with the repairing and keeping in Repair the fame Roads, Bridge, Drain, or Watercourse, in the same Manner as they and every of them have or hath hi retofore usually done, or ought or are liable to do i and that the Inhabitants of the several Towns, Parilfies, Hamlets, and Places, through which the Roads hereby intended to be repaired do lie, who by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are or shall be obliged or liable to perform the Work in the Highways for the repairing thereof, commonly called

3ooi

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

called Statute Work, shall still be subject and liable to do and perform the fame Work, and shall and are hereby required to do and perform such and so many Days Work, in such Parts of the Roads by this Act directed to be repaired, and lying within the said Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places in which such Inhabitants respectively shall live, as any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place in which the fame Roads lie, shall direct or appoint, and at such Times and in such Manner as the Surveyor or Surveyors by them authorized shall direct or appoint.

LX!I. And, to the end that the said Trustees may know the tnhabi- Statute tants of all the Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within which Work, the Roads by this Act directed to be repaired do lie, who are liable to do Statute Work in their Highways, and what fort of Duty they ought respectively to do; be it further enacted, That the Surveyors of the Highways of and for every of the said Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, shall, and they are hereby required, at the First Meeting of the said respective Trustees after the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, or oftener if thereunto required by the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, during the Continuance of the said former Acts and this Act, (Ten Days Notice of such Meeting being affixed on the Toll Gate or Toll Gates which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, within the District wherein such Work is to be performed) to deliver in to the said respective Trustees true and perfect Lifts, in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Names of all the Inhabitants of such Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, who are liable to do their Statute Duties in and upon the said Highways, and shall in such Lifts, and every of them, distinguish and set forth which of such Inhabitants shall and by this Act shall be deemed to keep a Team or Teams, and which of them arc Labourers only, or do not, or by this Acd are not deemed to keep a Team or Teams.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Surveyor or Surveyors Penalty o* of the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places through which the Surveyor, said Roads lead, shall not deliver in to the said respective Trustees Lifts of the Inhabitants of their said several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, of Places, at such Times and in such Manner as by this Act is required and directed to be delivered, such Surveyor or Surveyors, and every of them, shall forfeit and pay for every such Default the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any or either of the Inhabitants of the said several Towns, Parishes,

Hamlets, or Places, being obliged or liable by Law to do Statute Work in and upon the said Highways, shall not do such Statute Work in and upon the said Roads, at such Times and Places, and in such Manner as they shall by Two Justices of the Peace be directed or appointed to do, such Inhabitant, and every of them so liable to such Statute Duty, and neglecting or making Default in performing the fame, shall, for every such Neglect or Default, forfeit and pay the several Sums hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) every such Inhabitant or Person who shall keep, or by virtue of this Act shall be deemed to keep a Team or Teams, for every Day’s Work which ought to be done for each Team the Sum of Fifteen Shillings; and every other Inhabitant or Person not keeping, and not being by virtue of this Act deemed to keep a Team, for every [Lee. fc? Per.] 23 P Day*

3002

Power to compound for Repair of Roads.

Rower to Surveyor to appeal.

Power to con trad for Repair of Roads.

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 145.

Day’s Work which ought to be done the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and if any Person or Persons who shall come to work as a Labourer or Labourers, or be lent with any Team, Draught, or Cart to work on the said Roads for the Repairs thereof, commonly called Statute Work, is or are found idle or negligent, or shall not properly perform such Statute Work, the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Trustees may, and is and are hereby empowered and required to remove and discharge such Person or Persons, and it shall be deemed and taken as if such Person or Persons had not come or sent any Team, Draught, or Cart to work on the said Roads, and he, flie, or they shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures, as if, he, she, or they had neglected or refuted to do or perform the said respective Day’s Work or Duty.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and empowered to compound with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs to be by them done upon the said Roads, and also with the several Inhabitants of the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, through which the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part or Parts thereof, do or doth lie, for the several Days Statute Work, to be by them respectively done upon the said Roads, at and for such Sum and Sums of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as they the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Inhabitants respectively, shall agree upon, which said Money shall be instantly paid to the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or otherwise, as they shall appoint,

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of any of the Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places within which the said Roads directed by this Act to-be repaired do lie, shall think the said respective Justices have directed or appointed too large a Proportion of the Statute Work in any Town, Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to be done on the said respective Roads, it shall-and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways to appeal to the Quarter Sessio.n of the Peace for the County of Berks next after such Direction or Appointment, unless the same shall be made within Fourteen Days preceding such Quarter Section, and then to the Second Quarter Section next after such Direction or Appointment j and the Justices in their said Quarter Section are hereby authorized and empowered finally to adjust and determine what Proportion of the Statute Work in any Town, Parish, Hamlet, or Place, shall be done on the respective Roads by this Acc directed to be repaired, such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways having first given Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal to the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed by the said respective Trustees.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the repairing the said Roads,.or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work in pursuance or Execution of this Act, in such Manner^ and for such Sum or Sums of

Money

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145. 3003

Money annually, or otherwise, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or procure to be afiaulred, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Sur- tion af veyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons by them, or AS. any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act For securing: by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or orher orders. Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution; BE it further enacted.

That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

Collectors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his, her, or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Town, or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Sessions to be holdea within or for the County,

Town, Place, or District in which such Offence or Offences have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at luchr Petty Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Goal or House of Correction of the said County, Town, or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Convic- Form of tion of Offenders against this Act, all and every the Justice and Justices c°nv«&io^ of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words (as the Case shall happen) or in any other Words to the following Effect:

County of Berks, ? f r>£ ft remembered, That on the Day of

to wit. j, in the Year of His Ma-

jessy’s Reign, A.B. is convicted before me [or, us] of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place

[jp'C'f/Mg the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame

was

3oe4

Penalties how to be recovered *nd applied.

Personi aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sef-£o«s.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

was committed, as the Case may be.'] Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid*'

LXX. And be it further enacted, Thar all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof be not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein the Offender shall be and re.fide, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant for that Purpose); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid and recovered (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannoc be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied,

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Tim- done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Berks, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving orcaufing to be given Twenty-one Days Notice at Teaft in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Session > and the said Justices, at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of the Justices at such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes: and the said Justices at such Session may also, by their Order or Warrant, levy such Costs so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the

Goods

3005

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey such Award and Determination, and for Want of sufficient Distress, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Berks, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until he has paid such Costs.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster j and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Defects, or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafej but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of jpfficient Amends hath been made by or on Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until after Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the said County of Berks, and not elsewhere j and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General ITue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fanie was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear that the lame was so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof had been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction had been made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or if any such Action shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defend* ants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

33

Proceeding* not to be quashed for Want of Forow

Limitation of Adlion*

[Z.W, a Per.]

LXXIV. An4

3006

[Public Act.]

Commence nunc and Duratioa of the Act.

+6u GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

LXXIV. And be it furher enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken ro be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Joffices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in full Force and have Continuance from the said First Day of October next, for and during the Term of Twenry-one Years, and from thence to the End of the thrn next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mo# Excellent Majesty. 1806.

fA\3 ttftlP i aaafltn i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 146.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Su~ fannah Harriott Eyre, the Wife of William Eyret Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase-Money in paying off Incumbrances and Charges upon such Estates, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase-Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses.

[22d July 1S06.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Third and Fourth Days of May, One thousand seven hundred and fe»enty-six, the Release being made between Samuel Eyre of New House, in the County of Wilts, Esquire, and the said Susannah Harriett Eyre, therein described to be the eldest Daughter of the said Samuel Eyre, of the First Part; Charlotta Loui/a Eyre, Second Daughter of the said Samuel Eyre, of the Second Part j William Drewe, Gentleman, of the Third Part; John Short, Esquire, of the Fourth Part; and Henry Arthur Fellowes, of Egges/ord, ta the County of Devon, Esquire, and Richard Hole, of Exmeutb in the said [Lot. id Per.] 33 R County,

Indenture* dated 3 and May 1776, for settling the Premises herein described.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

County, Clerk, of the Fifth Part; for barring, docking, and destroying all EstatesTai), and all Reversions and Remainders thereon expectant and depending, of and in the Hereditaments thereinafter mentioned, and for settling,.and afirmngthe lame to the Uses thereinafter expressed and declared,uhey the said Samuel Eyre zn&.Susannah Harriott Eyre did gran t^ bargain1; fell, releale, and confirm unto the said William Drewe, his Heirs and Assigns, all that capical Messuage and Farm of Chilhampton, otherwise Chillington, situate, lying and being in the Parish of South Newton, in the County of Wilts; and all that capital Messuage and Farm, called Bonham's, in the said Parish of South Newton; and all those several Messuages or Tenements and Lands, with the Appurtenances, situate in Barden's Ball and Fouljlan, or one of them, in the said County of Wilts; and also all those several Messuages, Tenements, Cottages, and Lands, with their and every of their Appurtenances, situate in Chilhampton, in the said County of Wilts , and all that House and Orchard, with the Appurtenances, lying in Chilhampton, containing Three Parts of an Acre, adjoining in Part to the Highway passing through Chilhampton, and on all other Parts to the Lands theretofore of Edward Eft court, Esquire, and all those other Lands there belonging to the said House and Orchard, reputed to be One Half Yard Land; and all other Commons and Common of Pasture, as well for Three Rudder Beasts, namely. Two Old Beasts and One Runner, as for Twenty five Sheep theretofore in the Tenure of Robert Lawes, then late of William Sealy, and then since of the said Robert Eyre j and all that Acre of Arable Land in Foulflon Field, in the County of Wilts, called the Gravel Pit Acre, bounded on the West with the Highway called Kingway, and on the East with Lands formerly in the Possession of Humphrey Dit-ton, afterwards of Matthew May, then since of William Moore, and afterwards of Robert Thorpe; and also divers Hereditaments therein described, situate, lying and being in the Parishes of White Parish, Downton, and Bojcombe, and in New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, and also divers Hereditaments therein described, situate, lying and being in the County of Berks; and all other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Samuel Eyre and Susannah Harriott Eyre, or of Robert Eyre, Esquire, and Sir Robert Eyre, Knight, and Sir Samuel Eyre, Knight, or any of them, or whereof any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or either of them, was or were seised in the said Counties of Wilts and Berks, with their Appurtenances, together with divers other Hereditaments therein mentioned, situate, and being in the County of Devon, and in the City of Bath, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said William Drewe, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Intent that he might become perfect Tenant of the Freehold thereof, to the End that One or more common Recovery or Recoveries might be thereof had and suffered in Manner in the said Indenture of Release particularly mentioned, which said Recovery or Recoveries so agreed to be suffered, it was thereby agreed and declared should be and enure to the Uses thereinafter limited, and hereinafter in Part mentioned of and concerning the same, (that is to say,) as to certain Hereditaments therein mentioned to be situate in the Parish of Bojcombe, in the said County of Wilts, to the Use of the said S&muel Eyre and Susan-vab Harriot Eyre, their Executors, Administrators, apd Assigns, for the

3°ii

46° GEOPvGII III. Cap. 146.

the Term of Three hundred Years, in Trust by demifing, mortgaging or felling of the said Term, or any Fart thereof, or the Hereditaments therein comprised, or any of them, and by the Rents and Profits thereof in the mean Time, to raise and levy any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds, to be paid, applied, and disposed of unto such Person or Persons, and in such Manner and Form, and for such Uses, Intents and Purposes as the said Samuel Eyre and Susannah Harriott Eyre, or the Survivor of them should by any Deed or Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal respectively executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, direct, limit, appoint, or dispose of the fame*, and as to the said Prernifes after the End, Expiration, or sooner Determination of the said Term, and all other the Prernifes in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, Devon, and City of Bath, to the Use of the said Samuel Ey'e, during his Life, and from and after the Determination of that Estate, then as to all the Prernifes in the County of Devon, and a certain Messuage, Temement or Dwelling-house in the King’s Circus in the said City of Bath, to the Use of the said Charlotte Louisa Eyre, (the second Daughter of the said Samuel Eyre,) her Heirs and Assigns for ever; and as to all that capital Messuage and Farm of Chil-hampton, otherwise Chillington, in South Newton aforesaid, with the Appurtenances; and the capital Messuage and Farm called Bonhams, in South Newton aforesaid, and Foulflon Fields, in the said Parish, and all other the Prernifes situate, lying and being in Chil-hampton, and in Newton, otherwise South Newton, after the Death of the said Samuel Eyre, to the Use of the said Henry Arthur Fellowes and Richard Hole, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for and during the Term of Five hundred Years, upon the Trusts therein- after declared, and from and after the End, Expiration, or other sooner Determination of the said Term of Five hundred Years of and in the said Premises respectively, and as to all other the Prernifes in the said Counties of Berks and Wilts, of which no Use had been declared, to the Use and Behoof of the said Susannah Harriott Eyre, her Heirs and Assigns for ever; and it was thereby declared and agreed that the said Term of Five hundred Years was so limited to the said Henry Arthur tellowes and Richard Hole, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, upon Trust that they, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns should at any Time or Times, after the Death of the said Samuel Eyre, or in his Lifetime, if he should think fit and appoint the fame, and from and after the Death of Margaret Eyre, the then wife of the said Samuel Eyre, and not sooner, by demifing, mortgaging, or felling of the said Term of Five hundred Years or any Part thereof, and of the several Hereditaments therein comprised, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and by and with the Rents and Profits of the Prernifes in the mean Time, and until such Demise, Mortgage or Sale, or by some or one of the said Ways or Means as they the said Henry Arthur Fellowes and Richard Hale, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns should think fit* raise and levy the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be paid to and for the Benefit of the said Charlotte Louisa Eyre (the second Daughter of the said Samuel Eyre,) at such Time or Times, and in such Manner and form as the said Samuel Eyre, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand and Seal, atccfted by Two or more credible Witnesses, or by

his

30iz

Deed Poll, dated Nov. 30, 1776, in con fi deration of aMarring* between A. Popham and C. L. E>re.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14-6.

his lull Will and Tedament in Writing, executed in the Pretence of three Witnesses, should direct or appoint5 and in Default of such Direction and Appointment, then to be paid to the said Charlotte Louisa Eyre, her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, within three Calendar Months after the Death of the said Samuel Eyre and the said Margaret Eyre as aforesaid, in cafelhe Should be then living, or if she should be then dead, to any Child or Children which she should leave, in such Parts, Shares and Proportions, Manner and Form as Ihe should, by Deed or Will executed as aforesaid, direct, limit or appoint, and in Default thereof, then to and among such Child or Children Share and Share alike, and to be paid at such respective Ages, Days or Times as therein mentioned: And whereas, a Recovery was duly suffered of the said Hereditaments, herein-before mentioned to be situate in the said County of Wilts, pursuant to the Agreement for that purpose contained in the said Indenture of Release: And whereas the said Charlotte Louisa Eyre intermarried with Alexander Popham, of Bagborough, Esquire, on the Twenty-eight Day of December One thousand leven hundred and seventy-six, and previously to, and in Consideration of, such her Marriage, and in Consideration of the Provisions made as well for the said Charlotte Louisa byre, in case the said then intended Marriage took effect, as for the Children of the said Marriage, if any, the said Samuel Eyre did, by Deed Poll, dated the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and (eventy-six, under his Hand and Seal, and arrested by two credible Witnesses, direct and appoint the said Henry Arthur Eellowes and Richard Hole, and the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, in case the said then intended Marriage should take effect, immediately after the Deaths of the said Samuel Eyre and Margaret his Wife, by Demise, Mortgage, or Sale of the said Term of Five hundred Years, and the Premises therein comprized, or any Part thereof, to raise and levy the said Sum of Five Thousand Pounds, and pay the same to the said Alexander Popham, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns: And whereas, by Indenture of four Parts, also dated the said Thirtieth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and made between the said Samuel Eyre of the first Part, the said Susannah Harriott Eyre of the second Part, the said Alexander Popham, of Bagborough, of the third Part, and James Sparrow, Esquire, and Alexander Popham of the Inner Temple, Esquire, of the iourth Part, Reciting, that Mary Eyre, Widow, by her Will, dated the Thirtieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, did give one Third Part of the Residue of her Personal Estate (subject to the Payment of Five Thousand Pounds to the said Samuel Eyre) to William Eellowes, Esquire, (her Executor therein named) in Trult to pay the Interest thereof to the said Samuel Eyre for his Life, and after his Decease to pay the Principal among such Children, (other than an elded Son or elded Daughter, if no Son) as the said Samuel Eyre should leave at his Death, or if there should be only one such Child, then to pay the whole to such only Child, and if he should leave no Child, then to pay the same as the said Samuel Eyre by any Writing under his Hand should appoint, and in Default of Appointment, to his legal Representatives: And reciting the said Indentures of Lease and Release of the Third and Fourth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and that upon a Treaty of Marriage between the said Alexander Popham, of Bagborough, and

30!

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

the said Charlotte Louisa Eyre, the said Samuel Eyre did agree with the said Alexander Popham of Bagborough, that he should have an Assurance of receiving, with the said Charlotte Louisa Eyre, under the Will of the said Mary Eyre, or otherwise, the Sum of Two Thousand Pounds as Part of her Fortune, above all other Provisions made for her, and also Interest at Four Pounds per Centum on the said Two Thousand Pounds from the Day of the Solemnization of the said Marriage to the Time of his actual Receipt of the fame: And reciting, that it was uncertain whether the said Alexander Popham of Bagborough might, under the Contingencies in the said Will of the said Mary Eyre (in case the said Marriage should take effect) ever become intitled to receive the said Sum of Two Thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, under the said Will, and though he should become intitled to any Part of the refi-duary Estate of the said Mary Eyre thereby provided for the younger Child or Children of the said Samuel Eyre, yet it was uncertain how much his Part thereof might amount to, and when the fame might become due: It was (among other Things) witnessed, that in Consideration of the said then intended Marriage, and of the Provision as well for the said Charlotte louisa Eyre as of the (flue of the said then intended Marriage in Manner therein mentioned: And also for better securing the Payment of the said Two Thousand Pounds, and Interest for the lame, they the said Samuel Eyre and Su/annah Harriott Eyre, by virtue of the Power vested in them by the said Indentures of Lease and Releaseof the Third and Fourth Days of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and of all other Powers, did demise, grant, bargain, fell, assign, transfer, and set over unto the said James Sparrow and Alexander Popham of the Inner Temple, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Hereditaments comprized in the said Term of Three hundred Years limited or created by the said Indenture of Release of the Fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and fever, ty fix, as afore laid, to hold the fame for the Remainder of the said Term of Three hundred Years therein, upon Trust, that in case the Interest of the said Two Thousand Pounds should be unpaid for thirty Days after any of the Days whereon the fame ought to be paid, or if the said Two Thousand Pounds or any Part thereof should be unpaid for the space of six Years after the said then intended Marriage, then, in either or both of the said Cafes, the said James Sparrow and Alexander Popham of the l iner Temple, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, might, out of the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises, or by Sale or Mortgage of the Residue of the said Term, levy the said Two 1 housand Pounds, or so much thereof as should be then due, and pay the same to the said Alexander Popham, of Bagborough, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns: And whereas the said Char-lotie Louisa Popham departed this Life long since, and the said Alexander Popham, of Bagborough, afterwards departed this Life, leaving Francis Popham, his only Son, and two Daughters, and no other Child, by the said Charlotte Louisa his Wife, but having first duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, dated the Twenty-ninth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and thereby bequeathed to the said Alexander Popham of the Inner Temple, James Sparrow, George Popham (since deceased) and James Bernard, (his Executors therein named) ail his personal Estate whatsoever, in Trust for his only Son the said Francii Popham: And whereas, by [Loc. 1$ Per.] 33 S Indentures

3014 +6° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

Marriage Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Tenth betweeifw anc* Eleventh Days of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-EyreandS. nine, the Release being of three Parts, and made between the said H. Eyre, da- Samuel Eyre and Susannah Harriott Eyre, of the First Part, the said ted 10 and 11 William Eyre (then William Purvis,) of the Second Part, and John on 17 9. fillip Esquire, and John Strode, Esquire, of the Third Part, in Consideration of a Marriage then intended between the said William Eyre and the said Susannah Harriott Eyre, his Wife, they the said Samuel Eyre Susannah Harriott Eyre did grant, bargain, fell, alien, release, and confirm unto the said John Rolle and John Strode, and their Heirs, the said capital Messuage and Farm of Chilbampton, otherwise Chilling-ton, in the Parish of South Newton aforesaid, and also the said capita! Messuage or Farm called Bonhams in the same Parish, and also the said several Messuages or Tenements and Lands, with the Appurtenances, situate in Burdensball and Foulston, or one of them, in the said County of Wilts, and also the fame several Messuages, Tenements, Cottages, and Lands, with their and every of their Appurtenances, situate in Chilbampton aforesaid, and all that the House and Orchard, with the Appurtenances, lying in Chilbampton, containing three Parts of an Acre, adjoining in Part to the Highway passing through Chilbampton, and in all other Parts to the Lands thtretofore of Edward Eflcourt, Esquire, and all those Lands there belonging to the said House and Orchard, reputed to be One Half Yard Land, and all other Commons and Common of Pasture, as well for three Rudder Beads, namely, two old Beads and one Runner, as for twenty five Sheep, then in the Tenure of the said Samuel Eyre and Susannah Harriott Eyre, and all that the said Acre of Arable Land in Fou.ston Field, in the County of Wilts, called Gravel Fit Acre, bounded on the West with the Highway called Kingway, on the Ead with Lands formerly in the Possession of Humphrey Litton, afterwards of Matthew Mayo, then since of William Moore, and afterwards of Robert Thorpe; and also the said several Hereditaments, situate in the Parish of Bofcombe aforesaid, and comprized in the said Term of Three hundred Years, limited or created by the said Indenture, dated the Fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and all other the Hereditaments of them the said Samuel Eyre and Susannah Harriott Eyre, or either of them, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, to hold the lame unto the said John Rolle and John Strode, their Heirs and Assigns; nevertheless, to the Uses therein limited and declared of and concerning the same, fthat is to say,) as to all the said Hereditaments herein-before mentioned to be situate in the said County of Wilts, (subject ro the said Term of Five hundred Years and to the Payment of the said Sum of Five Thousand Pounds as aforesaid) to the Use of the said Samuel Eyre and his Assigns, during his Life, with Remainder to the Use of the said John Rolle and John Strode, and their Heirs, during his Life, in Trust to support the contingent Uses and Estates thereinafter limited from being defeated, and from and after the Deceale of the said Samuel Eyre, to the Use of the said Susannah Harriott Eyre and her Assigns, until the Solemnization of the said then intended Marriage, and after the Solemnization thereof to the Use of the said Susannah Harriott Eyre and her Assigns, during the Term of her Life, with Remainder to the Use of the said John Rolle and John Strode, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Susannah Harriott Eyre, in Trust to support the contingent Ufet and Estates thereinaiter limited

from

3015

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

from being defeated or destroyed, with Remainder to the Use of the said William Eyre, (then William Purvis) and his Assigns, during the Term of his natural Life, he taking and using the Name of Eyre only after his Name of Baptism, and likewise using the Arms of Eyre, agreeably to the Will of Robert Eyre deceased; and in default thereof, or from and after the Determination of that Estate, to the Use of the said John Rolle and John Strode and their Heirs, upon Trust to support and preserve the contingent Uses and Estates therein limited trom being defeated or destroyed, with Remainder to the Use of the First, Second, and other Sons of the Body of the said Susannah Harriott Eyre successively in Tail Male, such Son and Sons and their I flue respectively as they shall happen to succeed to the said Estates or any of them, taking upon him and themselves respectively the Surname and Arms of Eyre as above mentioned; and in Default thereof, or in Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First, Second, Third and other Daughters of the said Sufcinnab Harriott Eyre, luccefllvely in Tail Male, fucft Daughter and Daughters and their Issue respectively, as they shall happen co iuccecd to the said Estates, taking and using the Surname of Eyre only, as above mentioned , or in Default thereof, or in Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First Son of the Body of the said Char~ Utte Louija Popham, then deceased, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such Son lawfully issuing, upon Condition that such First Son of the Body of the said Charlotte Loui/a Popham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such Son, respectively, as they shall happen to succeed to the said Estates, or any of them, should severally take and use the Name of Eyre only, after their Name of Baptism, and likewise should use the Arms of Eyre and in Default of taking and using the Surname and Arms of Eyre as aforesaid, or in Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First Daughter of the said Charlotte Louisa Popham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such First Daughter, such First Daughter and the Heirs Male of her Body taking and using the Surname and Arms of Eyre, as aforesaid; and in Default thereof, or of such Issue, to the Use of the Second Daughter of the said Charlotte Louisa Popham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such Second Daughter lawfully issuing, such Second Daughter, and the Heirs Male of her Body taking and using the Surname and Arms of Eyre as aforesaid; and in default thereof, or in Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First Son of the Body of Walpole Eyre, Esquire, deceased, (Brother of the said Samuel Eyre,) and the Heirs Male of the Body of such First Son lawfully issuing; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Second and other Sons of the said Walpole Eyre successively, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Second and other Sons, lawfully issuing} and for Default of such lflue, to the Use of the First and other Daughters of the said Walpole Eyre successively, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such First and other Daughters lawfully issuing, such Daughter and Daughters respectively, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, taking and using the Surname and Arms of Eyre, as aforesaid; and in Default thereof, or for Want of such Issue, to the Use of the First Son of the Body of Elizabeth Plumtree (theretofore called Elizabeth Eyre, Siller of the said Samuel Eyre), and the Heirs Male of the Body of such First Son lawfully issuing; and for Want of such Issue, to the Use of the First Daughter of the said Elizabeth Plumtree, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such First Daughter lawfully issuing, such

3016

Reports of the Matter i: Chancery, and Order thereupon.

46° GEORGII 111, Cap. 146.

Son and Sons, and Daughter and Daughters respectively, of the said Elizabeth Plumtree, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, taking and using the Surname and Arms of Eyre, as aforesaid; and in Default thereof, or for Want of such HTue, then to the Use and Behoof of the right Heirs of the said Susannah Harriott Eyre for ever: And whereas the Marriage between the said William Eyre (then Wil* Ham Purvis) and the said Susannah Harriot Eyre> was afterwards duly had and solemnized, and the said William Eyre hath since taken and used the Name of Eyre only, afeer his Name of Baptism, and hath used the Arms of Eyre: And whereas the said Samuel Eyre and Margaret his Wife are both deceased: And whereas, by the Report of Mr. Spranger, one of the Matters of the High Court of Chancery, dated the First Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, made in purfuar.ee of a Decree of the said High Court of Chancery, dated the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, in a Cause then depending, in which said Francis Popham, and Louisa Charlotte Popham, and Letitia Harriott Popham, all then Infants, by their next Friend, were Plaintiffs, and Alexander Popham, fames Sparrow, and James Bernard, Esquire, (the Executors of the said Alexander Popham of Bagborough, deceased,) and others, were Defendants j it appears that Seven hundred and fifty-one Pounds, and Four-pence, Bank Three per Centum Reduced Annuities, and One thousand and fifty- lix Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Eight-pence, Bank Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, (being Part of the Personal Estate of the said Mary Eyre, deceased, so bequeathed, in Trust as aforesaid,) and the Dividends which had accrued thereon respectively, had been applied in Payment of the Interest, which had accrued upon the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds, secured by the said Second mentioned Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, from the Date of the fame Indenture to the Twenty-sixth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then in Reduction of the said principal Sum of Two thousand Pounds; and it appears, from the said Report, that on the said Twenty sixth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the Sum of One thousand two hundred and thirty-nine Pounds* Sixteen Shilings and Ten-pence, and no more was remaining due, in respect of the said principal Sum of Two thousand Pounds, all Interest having been paid up to that Day: And whereas, by an Order of the said Coure of Chancery, made in the aforesaid Cause, and dated the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two', after taking Notice, that the Principal and Interest due in respect of the aforesaid Sum of Two thousand Pounds, upon the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, amounted to the Sum of One thousand six hundred and forty-three Pounds, Six Shillings and Twopence, (confuting of the aforesaid principal Sum of One thousand two hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, Sixteen Shillings and Ten-pence, and of Four hundred and three Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Four-pence, Interest thereof; (and that the said Francis Pcpham, who was entitled to the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said Alexander Pcpham, of Bag-borough aforesaid, had Occasion for the Sum ot Five hundred Pounds, it was by Consent ordered, that the said William Eyre and Susannah Harriott his Wife, should pay Five hundred Pounds (Part of the said One thousand six hundred and forty-three Pounds, Six Shillings, and

Two-

3CI7

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

Two;pence) to the said Francis Popham, and One thousand one hundred and forty-three Pounds, Six Shillings, and Two-pence, (Kefidufe thereof) into the Bank of England, to the Credit of the said Cause, the Account of the Personal Estate of the said Alexander Popham of Bag-borough; and thereupon it was ordered, that the said Defendants, Alexander Popham and Janies Sparrow, the Trustees, should assign the Security for the fame, as the said William Eyre and Susannah Harriott, his Wife, should desire: And whereas, by an Indenture dated the Twenty-third Day of AugitJl One thousand eight hundred and two, and made between the said Alexander Popham and James Sparrow, the Trustees, of the First Part, the said Francis Popham, of the Second Part, and the said William Eyre and Susannah Harriott, his Wife, of the Third Part; after reciting (among other Things,) the said Order of the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, and thar, in pursuance thereof, the said William Eyre did, with his proper Money, pay into the Bank the said One thousand one hundred and forty-three Pounds, Six Shillings and Two-pence, and had also paid to the said Francis Popham the said Five hundred Pounds; it is witnessed, thar, in Consideration of the Payment of the said Two Sums of Five hundred Pounds, and One thousand one hundred and forty-three Pounds, Sit Shillings, and Two-pence, as aforesaid, and in pursuance of the said Order, the said Alexander Popham, Party thereto, and James Sparrow, did bargain, fell, assign, and set over, unto the said William Eyre, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Hereditaments herein-before mentioned to be comprized in the said Term of Three hundred Years: to hold the same to the said William Eyre, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the then Residue of the said Term of Three hundred Years, subject nevertheless to such Right and Equity of Redemption thereof, as was then subsisting of and concerning the same: And whereas, under or by virtue of the Acts for the Redemption and Sale of Land-Tax, or some or One of them, the said William Eyre and Susannah Harriott, his Wife, have redeemed the Land-Tax charged upon a Messuage or Tenement, Farm, and Lands, with the Appurtenances, situate in the Parish of Bofcombe aforesaid, (being Part of the Estates comprized in the said Indentures of Settlement, of the Tenth and Eleventh Days of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine) in Consideration of One thousand two hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Sixpence, Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, which have been duly transferred by the said William Eyre, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at the Bank of England, and they the said William Eyre and fufannah Harriott Eyre, his Wife, have redeemed the Land-Tax charged upon a Farm, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of White Parish, and upon Two Farms, with the Appurtenances, situate at South Newton aforesaid, and upon other Hereditaments, comprized in the said Indentures of Settlement lastly-mentioned, in Consideration of One thousand eight hundred and sixty six Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Three pence Farthing, Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, duly transferred by the said William Eyre to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at the Bank of England; as by the several Certificates of the respective Amounts of the Land-Tax so redeemed, and the Certificates of the Contracts for the Redemption thereof, and the Receipts indorsed upon the said Contracts respectively, [Loc, (A Per.] 33 T will

30iS

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

will appear: And whereas, by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled ‘ An Act for consolidating ‘ the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and

Sale of the Land-Tax, into One Act, and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing

Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elec- tions for Knights of the Shire, and other Members, to serve in Parlia-

tr.enr, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land-‘ Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or repurchasedit is (amongst other Things) enacted, That, where any Person or Persons shall have redeemed their, his, or her Land-Tax, by, or out of their, his, or her own Personal Estate, by virtue of the former Act for Redemption and Sale of Land-Tax, it should be laws ul for such Person or Persons, either for reimbursing all Stock, (in Cafes where the original Consideration for the Redemption of any such Land-Tax shall have been in Stock,) or for reimbursing all Sums of Money (in Cafes where the original Consideration for such Redemption shall have been in Money,) which should respectively have been transferred or applied in the Redemption of such Land-Tax, to carry into Execution all and every, or any of the Powers thereby given, in order to raise Money by Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, for the Redemption of Land-Tax, in such Manner as such Person or Persons would have been authorized by the said Act, to carry into Execution the fame Powers, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land-Tax in the first Instance: And whereas the said Richard Hole survived the said Henry Arthur Fellowes, and afterwards departed this Life, having first duly made and published his last Will and Testament, in Writing, and thereof appointed his Wife, Wilhelmina Hole, foie Executrix; who, after his Deceale, duly proved the fame, in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and hath thereupon become foie Trustee of the aforesaid Term of Five Hundred Years: And whereas the said William Eyre hath I flue, by the said Susannah his Wife, Four Children and no more, (that is to say,) Harriott Eyre, born the Eighteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; Elizabeth Purvis Eyre, baptized the Ninth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; Charlotte Louisa Purvis Eyre, baptized the Eighteenth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and Julia Purvis Eyret baptized the Fourth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas the said Francis Popham, as the First and only Son of the said Charlotte Louisa Popham, deceased, is, under and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said herein-before-recited Indenture of Release, of the Eleventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, entitled to an Estate Fail in Remainder, immediately expectant upon the Determination of the Estates Tail, by the fame Indenture or Release limited in Use to the Sons and Daughters of the said Susannah Harriott Eyre successively; And whereas the said Sum of One thousand six hundred and forty-three Pounds, Six Shillings, and Twopence, paid by the said William Eyre to the said Francis Popham, and into the Bank of England, pursuant to the said Order of the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, as herein-mentioned, was so paid by him the said William Eyre, in order to prevent the railing oi the lame by a Sale of the said Term of Three hundred Years, undtr or by virtue of the Trulls of the fame Term; and,

as

3019

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 148*

as the said William Eyre is only Tenant for Life of the Hereditaments, comprized in the said Term of Three hundred Years, it is reasonable that the Inheritance in Fee Simple of a Part of the said settled Estates, should be sold for the Purpose of reimbursing the said William Eyre the Sum of One thousand two hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Ten-pence, being the remaining Part of the said principal Sum of Two thousand Pounds, so secured by the said Term of Three hundred Years, as aforesaid: And whereas the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, directed to be raised under the Trusts of the said Term of Five hundred Years, created by the said Indenture of the Fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, hath not hitherto been raised, pursuant to the Trusts of the said Term, but the fame (till remains due and unpaid: And whereas the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds hath been called in and the said William Eyre hath not been able to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, on Mortgage of the Hereditaments comprized in the said Term of Five hundred Years, for the Purpose of paying off" the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds: And whereas it would be highly injurious to the said William Eyre and Sujannah Harriott his Wife, and all other Persons who shall or may, under the Limitations of the said recited Indenture of Release, of the Eleventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, come into the Possession of, or be entitled to, the Estates comprized in the said Term of Five hundred Years as aforesaid, if the said Wil-belmina Hole {who, as Executrix of the said Richard Hole, is sole Tnuf-tee of the said Term of Five hundred Years) should proceed to a Sale of the fame Term of Five hundred Years, or any Parc thereof, for the Purpose of raising the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, under or by virtue of the Trusts of the fame Term, and the fame can only be effectually prevented by Sale of the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the said Hereditaments comprized in the fame Term, or a sufficienc Part thereof, in order to raile such Sum of Five thousand Pounds: And whereas, the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the said Hereditaments, comprized in the said Term of Five hundred Years would fell to a very great Advantage: And whereas the said William Eyre is desirous of being reimbursed the said One thousand two hundred and seventy-leven Pounds, Seven Shillings and Sixpence Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six Pounds, Eleven Shillings and Three-pence Farthing, like Annuities, so by him transferred lor Redemption of Land-Tax, as aforesaid: And whereas the said William Eyre and Susannah Harriott, his Wife, and Francis Pcpbam arc desirous that the Whole of the Hereditaments comprized in the said Term of Five hundred Years, should be fold, and a sufficient Part of the Monies arising from such Sale applied in Payment and Satisfaction of the said Sums of One thousand two hundred and thirty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten-pence, and Five thousand Pounds respectively, and in reimbursing the said William Eye the said One thousand two hundred and seventy seven Pounds, Seven Shillings and Sixpence Three per Centum Conl’olidated Bank Annuities, and One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six Pounds, Eleven Shillings and Three-pence farthing, like Annuities; and that the Residue of the Monies ro arise by such Sale should be laid out and invested in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Hereditaments, comprized in the said Terms of

Three

3020 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

The Premises described in Schedule to this Act vested in Trustees,

Three hundred Years, and Five hundred Years, do now Hand limited unto; but by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Indenture of Release, of the Eleventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the Sale of the Whole of the said Hereditaments cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said William Eyre and Susannah Harriott, his Wife, on behalf of themselves and of their several infant Children, and the said Francis Popbm, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the capital Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in the said Term of Five hundred Years, limited or created by the said Indenture of Release, of the Fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and which are particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act, and are of the clear Annual Rent of Three hundred and ninety-five Pounds, or thereabouts, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Ueversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be settled upon, and veiled in, and the same are hereby from thenceforth settled upon, and veiled in, Edward Holden Cruttenden of Bent inch Street, in the County of Middle sex, Esquire, and Henry Sanford of Mount-Street, in the same County, Esquire, and their Heirs, to the Use of them the said Edward Holden Cruttenden and Henry Sanford, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, exempted, and discharged, of, and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Estates, Terms of Years, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Agreements, in and by the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release, and Settlement, of the Tenth and Eleventh Days of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, limited, expressed, or declared, of or concerning the same; but subject to the said Term of Five hundred Years, created by the said Indenture of the Fourth Day fcof May One thousand seven hundred and feveity-six, as aforesaid.

who are em-

II. And be it further enacted, That the said capital Messuages, powered to Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are hereby veiled in sell the same. tfoe said Edward Holden Cruttenden and Henry Sanford, their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trull, that the said Edward Holden Cruttenden and Henry Sanford, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, by and with the Consent and Approbation, in Writing, of the said William Eyre and Susannah Harriott, his Wife, or of the Survivor of them; and, after the Death of such Survivor, then with the Consent, in Writing, of the Person or Persons, who, if this Act had not been passed, would, for the Time being, have been entitled under the Limitations, Uses, or Estates, contained, in the said Indenture of Release, of the Eleventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, to the Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Hereditaments and Premises, if such Person or Persons shall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years; but if not, then with the Consent, in Writing,

of

3021

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, absolutely sell and dispose of the said capital Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby vested in the said Edward Holden Cruttenden and Henry Sanford, their Heirs and Assigns, as aforesaid, either together or in Parcels, and either by public Sale or Auction, or by private Contract, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the bell Price or Prices in Money, which in the Judgment of the said Edward Holden Cruttenden and Henry Sanford, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns or such Survivor, can or may be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, and upon Payment of the Monies for which the fame Premises shall be respectively fold, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall and do convey and allure the fame unto and to the Use of such ^Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, or to such other Uses, and in such other Manner as he, she, or they,

shall direct or appoint, freed, exempted, acquitted, exonerated, and discharged, as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by such How the Sale or Sales, as aforesaid, of the said capital Messuages, Farms, Lands, Money Tenements, and Hereditaments, so vested in the said Edward *r, Cn£ Holden Cruttenden and Henry Sanford, their Heirs and Assigns, c

as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be paid and applied, by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof in the Manner following (that is to say) in the first Place, in or towards Payment and Satisfaction of the said principal Sum of Five Thousand, Pounds, secured under or by virtue of the Trulls of the said Term of Five Hundred Years, limited or created by the said recited Indenture of JReleafe, of the Fourth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, as aforesaid, unto the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same; and, in the next Place, in or towards Payment and Satisfaction, unto the said William Eyre, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the said Sum of One Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten-pence, to which he is entitled, as aforesaid, and in or towards reimbursing the said William Eyre, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the said One Thousand Two Hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Seven Shillings, and Six pence.

Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and One Thousand Eight Hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three-pence Farthing, like Annuities, so by him the said William Eyre respectively transferred for the Redemption of Land Tax, as herein-before mentioned; and the Surplus of the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales, as aforesaid, after Payment of the Sums of Five Thousand Pounds, and One 1 housand Two Hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten-pence, and reimbursing the said Stock, as aforesaid,

shall be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers into the Bank of England* in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court or Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of the settled Estates of the said Susannah Harriett Eyre, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Coure,

[Lot. id Per,'] 33 U and

3022

46° GEORGII III. Cap. T46.

and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth; and the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, together with the Rcceipc or Receipts of one of the Cashiers of the Bank, to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England, by the Purchaser or Purchasers or any of the Hereditaments, hereby authorised to be sold, of his, her, or their Purchase Monies respectively, or of any Parc or Parts thereof respectively, shall from Time to Time, be a good and effectual Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the said Purchase Monies, or for so much thereof for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be respectively given; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts, as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

Money paid

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall, pur-mo the suant to the Direction herein-before contained, be so paid into the Bank aftenva^d*6 ^n8ian<^» as aforesaid, shall, upon Petition to the said Court of veiledU the Chancery, in a summary Way, to be preferred by the said William purchase of Eyre and Sufannnb Harriott his Wife, or the Survivor of themj Prenufes, and after the Death of such Survivor, by the Person or Persons who, by virtue of the Limitations of the said Indenture of Release, of the Eleventh Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, shall, for the Time being, be Tenant or Tenants in Possession for Life, or in Tail, of the Hereditaments limited and settled by the fame Indenture, and not hereby vested, in Trust to be sold? or if such Tenant or Tenants in Possession be an Infant or Infants, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, shall be laid out and invested, subject to the Directions and Controul of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of the Inheritance, in Fee simple, of Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be situate, lying, and being within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or the Principality of Wales, or both, and of Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (if any), lying contiguous thereto, and convenient to be purchased therewith j in Possession, free from Incumbrances, except Fee Farm, or Quit-rents, or customary Rents and Services, which laid Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, shall, thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and settled to, for, and, upon such and so many of the Uses, Estates, Truffs, Intents, and Purposes, and under and (object to such and so many of the Provisoes, Powers, Limitations, and Restrictions, in and by the said Indenture of Release and Settlement, of the Eleventh Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, limited and declared of and concerning the aforesaid Hereditaments thereby settled, as shall be then subsisting and capable of caking Effect.

but in the V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall be paid mean time to into the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant-General,’in the

Manner

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

Manner herein-before directed, or so much th reof as shall not be directed by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Costs and Expences, according to the Provisions hereinafter ecto-tained, shall, in the mean Time, and until the said Monies shall be inverted in a Purchase or Purchases, as aforesaid, be, from Time to Time, laid out by the said Accountant-General in the Purchase of Navy, or Victualling, Bills, or Exchequer Bills and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the lame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant-General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills; all which said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant-General, and shall there remain, until the fame shall, upon Petition to be preferred in a summary Wav, by the said William Eyre and Susannah Harriott his Wife, or the Survivor of them, or by such Person or Persons, being Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Tail, in Possession, or his or their Guardian or Guardians, as aforesaid, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant-General, for the completing of any Purchase or Purchases hereby authorized to be made, as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and meeti and if the Money to arise by the Sale of such Navy, or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, which shall have been purchased, as aforesaid, shall exceed the original Purchase Money so laid out thereon, as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only, the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments directed to be purchased, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representative or Represen-catives of such Person or Persons.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, from Time to Time, to make such Order as that Court shall think fit, for taxing all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall have been incurred preparatory to, and in soliciting and applying for, and obtaining and parting this Act, and in making the several Applications to the said Court of Chancery in pursuance hereof, and making and completing the Sales of the Hereditaments hereby made saleable, and in vesting all or any of the Monies which, under this Act, shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise for carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution j and also, from Time to Time, to make an Order, if to the said Court it shall seem fit, for Payment of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as aforesaid, out of the Money so to be paid into the Bank, as aforesaid, or out of the Money arising by Sale of the said Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, so to be purchased, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until the said capital Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, hereby made saleable, shall be fold, pursuant to the Directions

here-

3023

he laid out in the purchaseofNavy Bills, Scc.

Colls tobe taxed.

Till the Pre-miles are fold,the Owners to

3024

continue in PolTeiCon.

In case of Death of Trustees,&c others to be appointed.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

herein-before contained, they, the said Edward Holden Cruttendeu and Henry Sanford, their Heirs and Assigns, shall pernnit and suffer the fame capital Messages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be held and enjoyed, and the Rents and Profits thereof to be received and taken, by such Person or Persons as would have been entitled, or ought to have held and enjoyed, received, and taken the lame, in case this Act had not been made.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if both or either of them, the said Edward Holden Cruttenden and Henry Sanford, or any future Trustee or Trustees who shall succeed or be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or either of them, as hereinafter mentioned, shall die, or desire to relinquish the Trust hereby in them or him reposed, or shall refule or decline, or become incapable to act in the said Trusts, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often as any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, on a summary Application made for that Purpose, by Petition, by the said Willian Eyre and Sujannab Harriott his Wife, or the Survivor of them, or such other Person or Persons as, for the Time being would be beneficially entitled to the Possession, according to the Uses limited by the Settlement of the eleventh Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, herein-before recited, to the Hereditaments hereby made lale-able; or if such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then and in such Case, on the Petition of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, from Time to Time to nominate, substitute, and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place or Stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act, as aforesaid j and that when, and so soon, and as often, as any new Trustee or Trustees shall be nominated and appointed, as aforesaid, by an Order of the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, on Petition, as aforesaid, all the Trusts, Estates, and Premises, which shall be then vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desirous of being discharged, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain, as aforesaid, either tolely or jointly with the other Trustee, shall, thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred in fych Sea and Manner, and so that the fame Trust, Effaces, and Premises, shall and may be legally and effectually vested in the survivirtg or continuing Trustee thereof, and such new Trustee, or if there shall be no continuing Trustee, then in such new Trustee or Trustees only, upon the fame Trusts, and for the fame Intents and Purposes, as are herein-before declared of and concerning the said Trust Estates, and Premises, or such and so many of the fame Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as shall or may be then fubfilling and capable of taking Effect, and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may, in all Things, act in the Management, carrying on, and executing of, the Trusts aforesaid, as fully and effectually, and with the lame Powcns and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoevever, as if he or they had been originally in and by this Act appointed a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid.

IX. Saving

4&6 GEORGII III. Cap. 146. 3°2$

IX. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs G?nera'Sa and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, ,n£*

Bodies politic and corporate, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said William Eyre, and Susannah Harriett Eyre his Wife, and the Sons and Daughters of the said Susannah Harriott Eyre, 2nd the Heirs Male of such Sons and Daughters respectively, and except the said Francis Popham and his Heirs Male, and except the first and second Daughters of the said Charlotte Louisa Popham, deceased, and the Heirs Male of such Daughters respectively, and except the Sons and Daughters of the said Walpole Eyre, deceased, and the Heirs Male of such Sons and Daughters respectively, and except the first Son and first Daughter of the said Elizabeth Plumtree, and except the right Heirs of the said Susannah Harriott Eyre, and except the Trustees named in the said Settlement of the eleventh Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and their Heirs, and except every other Person lawfully or equitably claiming, or to claim, any Estate, Right, Title, Charge, or Interest, in, to, or out of, the said capital Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby vested in them the said Edward Holden Cruttenden and Henry Sanford, their Heirs and Assigns, as aforesaid, under or by virtue of the said recited Indenture of Release or Settlement, of the eleventh Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest,

Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of, the said Messuages. Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, hereby veiled in Trust to be sold, as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidener. Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges,

Justices, and others.

33*

[_Loc. £s? P/r.]

THE

3°26

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

PARTICULAR cf Chilhampton Farm and Manor, in the Occupation of William Tamlyn.

Fatm House, three ground Barns, one ftavil Barn, Stables, Cow Houses, Cart House, Granaries, Yard, and Garden -

Cottage and Garden called Sealy’s, taken of the Earl of Pembroke, in Exchange, on the Division of the Manor Stable, Barn, and Yard, called Sealy’s, taken of the Earl of Pembroke, in Exchange Cottage House of two Tenements and Garden Cottage House of two Tenements and Garden, late Richard Jeffery’s life-hold, the Revetfion of which was allotted to this Farm on the Division of the Manor, and since fallen into Mr. Eyre’s Hands Garden -

Corner of Nut Close,' now a Road Nursery -

Measure-A. R. P.

Rent al.

1 5

002 2

0 016

O 0 20

OIO 0 0 52

OO5 OO7

JVoter Meadow.

Tong Mead Ditto

Little Mead

Ditto

Ditto

Great Codmoor Higher Codmoor Bushy Marsh Lower Meads Chilhampton Meadow

Dry Meadow and Pasture.

4- I 20

2 3 17

I I 12

o o 27 o I 25

4 I 4

3 o 32

5 3 10

7 34

*5 3 24

An Orchard -

Boney Close Little Mead -

Home Plot -

Long Ham -

Ward’s Close -

Allotment of Waste Land, lately inclosed The Feed of a Piece of Meadow in Chilhampton Mead, the first Share of which belongs to Mr. Powell -

0 o 3 3* 2 7

1 12

1 c

2 16 2 o

1 9

Arable Land.

An Allotment of Arable . - iy4 0 0

An Allotment at Dumford Bottom - 4 2 32

Ditto at Dito - - - - 1 l 22

Ditto, lately broken up - 60 0 0

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146,

Down Land.

Men fare.

A. R. P.

Rental,

An Allotment of Dawn Land - - - 59 2 6

Total, 373 1 12

Reversion in Fee of a Cottage House of two Tenements and Gardens at Chilhampton, after the Interest of Stephen Blake in the fame is determined, who holds the fame by Lease, dated the 4th Day of October 1800,

for the Remainder of a Term of 99 Years, determinable on the Lives of Stephen Blake, Son of Moses Blake, of South Newton, Labourer, then aged Four Years, Maria Blake, Daughter of the said Stephen Blake, aged Ten Years, and Henry Blake, Son of James Blake, of South Newton, aged Eight Years, under the Yearly Rent of Sixpence - 010

1 Annual value 3/.

PARTICULAR, of an Estate at South Newton, in the Occupation of William Tamlyn.

A Dwelling House, Barn, Stable, Waggon House, Yard,

and Garden - - - - O I 15

A Yard - - . 00 30

Bonhams

Meadow near the Pound

Pojlure.

Porter’s Ham -

Small Piece of Down Land against Devizes Road, not worth breaking up

Arable Land.

Croft near New Way Bridge Ditto near the Pound Open Arable Ditto

I 1 0

0 1 8

6 0 16

1 I 5

21 1 27

32 3 20

Total, 73 331

3028

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

A Cottage House of two Tenements am! Garden, held by Stephen Blake for 99 Years, determinable on his owrf Life and the Lives of Tames Blake and Peter Blake, Sons of Peter Blake Annual value 2A A Cottage House and Guden, held by James Blake at Will, Rent free, -

Annual value 1/

These two Estates are Jet to William Tamlyn, for a Term of 12 Years from Michaelmas 1802, at the yearly Rent of 400l.

There are Quit-Rents of 3/. ys. 4V. payable out of Chilhampton Farm, and 1 /. ys. per Annum for the Newton Estate, to the Earl Pembroke.

Measure. A A\ P.

Rental.

Total.

O o 32 O08

400 o o

4 14 4

39S 5

The Earl of Pembroke holds under William Eyre, Esq. by Lease, dated the 9th April 1799, for 99 Years, if he, the said Earl, now aged 45 Years, James Lord Viscount Fitzharris, now aged 27 Years, and Robert Lord Herbert, now aged 15 Years, or any or either of them shall so long live, under the yearly Quit-rent of 5s. the undermentioned Lands by Estimation, scattered

overFoulftone Farm, the Property of the said Earl, 05®

Arable Land,

In Kingway Field, in three Pieces - - 320

In the Middle Field, in nine Pieces - - 14 1 o

In the East Field, in three Pieces - - 300

Common of Pasture for 60 Sheep, 4 rother Beasts, and

T Horse, ——

Annual value 19/. 8s. 9d, -

Total, 20 3 o

Nine Cottages and Gardens with an Orchard, at Bardenf-ball, in the several Occupations of Joseph Hayward,

William Howell, Thomas Coward, Henry Walker,

John Blake, junior, William Nash, Emanuel Richmond, William Reeves, Jonathan Turner, John Beal, and John Dew, held for the Life of Stephen Young, aged about 55 Years, under the yearly Rent of ir. o 3 25

Annual value 22/. I«f.

Dwelling House and Garden in the Occupation of John Dew, determinable on the Lives of Stephen Young, aged about 55 Years, and James Pagett, aged about 46 Years, under the yearly Quit-rent of u. - o o 10

Annual value il. ics. 1

° 3 35

JOHN CHARLTON,

Surveyor,

o i o

395 12 8

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaN; Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

h

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

sr -

Cap. 147.

An A(fl for enabling a married Person to hold and enjoy the Office of Warden of Wadhatn College, in the University of Oxford.

[22d July 1.B06.J

WHEREAS by the Statutes of Wadham College, in the University of Oxford, given to the said College by the Founder thereof, it is ordained that the Warden of the said College shall be chosen out of those who are or have been Fellows of the said College, and have honourably departed from it; and also that the Warden of the said College shall, at the Time of hrs Election to the Office of Warden, be, and whilst he shall be Warden of the said College, continue to be a Bachelor and unmarried; and also that the said Warden shall take an Oath that he hath not contracted, not will enter into any Contraft of Matrimony so long as he shall be Warden of the said College: And whereas in the present State of Society it is reasonable and fit, and likely to conduce to the Benefit of the said College, that a married Person, otherwise duly qualified, shall, notwithstanding the said Statutes, be capable of being elected into and to hold and enjoy the said Office of Warden of the said College, and that every Warden of the said College shall after his Election into and during his Continuance in the said Office be allowed to marry and continue such Warden, notwithstanding his Marriage and the said Statutes; may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, [t.oc. & Per.] 33 Y in

3°3°

Annulling f > mucU or the Statutes of Wmh'tn College at oulains

that the Warden shall be Bachelor.

Annulling so much of the faio Statutes

the Fellows of of tn: laid

So much of the Warden’s Oath on his Election, a* relates to Matrimony, to be omitted.

Warden may marry, and continue the Office,

Fellows of the College may nominate and elect a

\-o7'l

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the Statutes of the said College as ordains that the Warden of the said College shall at the Time of his Election to the Office of Warden be, and whilst he shall be Warden of the said College continue to be, a Bachelor and unmarried; and also so much of the said Statutes as ordains that the said Warden shall take an Oath that he hath nor contracted, nor will enter into any Contract of Matrimony so long as he shall be Warden of the said College, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; any Thing in the said_Statutes contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every such Clause, Matter, and Thing in the said Statutes of the said College contained, ns imposes any Restraint on the Fellows of the said College from electing a married Man (otherwise duly qualified) to the Office of Warden or Head of the said College, or from permitting the Warden or Head of the said College, after his Election to the said Office of Warden or Head, to marry, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said Statutes contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the Oath directed to be taken by the Warden or Head of the said College on his Election to the said Office of Warden or Head of the said College, as declares that such Warden or Head hath not contracted nor wilt enter into any Contract of Matrimony so long as he shall be Warden or Head of the said College, and also so much of such Oath as tends in any Manner to restrain such Warden or Head from marrying or contracting Matrimony, and also the reading, at the Time of the Nomination and Election of such Warden or Head, osso much of the said Statutes of the said College as relates to the said Warden or Head of the said College not marrying or contracting Matrimony, shall be omitted.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for every Warden or Head of the said College to marry, and to continue such Warden or Head in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as before the passing of this Act he would have been if h? had not been married; and also for any Person, though married or contracted in Matrimony, who shall be in all other Respects duly qualified, to be elected into, and to accept of and hold and enjoy the Office of Warden or Head of the said College; such Scatutes of the said College or any other Law or Statute, Matter'or Thing, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority |aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Fellows of the said Culiege to nominate and elect any Person who is married or con, traded in Matrimony to be such Warden or Head of the said College, provided the Person so to be nominated and elected such Warden or Head shall in every other Respect be duly qualified to be nujninated and

12 elected.

3°3I

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

slewed into, and to accept of and hold and enjoy the said Office of Warden or Head of the said College; such Statutes of the said College, or any other Law or Statute, Matter or Thing, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall alter, annul, or make void, any sratutSro other Parts of the said Statutes of the said College not hereby annulled; be annulled and that the said Warden, Fellows, and Scholars of the said College by'thjsAfr* shall have, hold, and enjoy all Estates, Rights, Privileges, Benefits, and annulled. Emoluments belonging to the said College, in the same Manner to all

Intents and Purposes, as they might have held and enjoyed the fame, if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein, or in the said Statutes of the said College contained, or any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence* Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices,

and others.

LONDON: Printed by Gioroe Eyre and Andrew Str. ahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. t8o6.

