A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-seventh Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD,

Sess. 2.

Being the FIRST SESSION of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty,

1807.

[Table of public acts removed.]

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

1. AN Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Borough and Parish of Boston, and the Hundreds of Skirkbeck and Kirton (except the Parishes of Gosberton and Surfleet) in the County of Lincoln. 3

2. An Act for constructing a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent. 25

3. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making certain new Streets and Roads, and widening others adjacent to and connected with the said Harbour. 61

4. An Act for erecting a County Hall, and other Offices, for the County of Perth. 81

---

5. An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Water

Works in the Parishes of Stratford, Wcjlham, Bow. Bromley, Mile End, and Stepney, and other Parishes adjacent; and to amend the several Acts for making Wet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London. 8g

6. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the

Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Castle of Chester, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol. 97

7. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Parishes of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Peter the Apostle, and Birchingtor., and the Vill of Wood, w. the Isle of Thavci, and County of Kent. 109

S. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New IKindjor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nuisances therein. 133

9. An Act for amending several Acts, for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford. 145

10. An Act for making and maintaining a Read from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to join the Lichfield Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Shenstone, in the County of Stafford, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate therewith. 133'

11. An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Dumbarton, and building Bridges thereon. 119

12. An Act for the more effectually repairing certain Roads in the Counties of

Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth. 209

13. An

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 47° GEO. III. Ceil 2.

13. An Act for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Cross to Mil-field Bum, and from Wooler to Bowjdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland. 237

14. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Power? of

Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kcxby Bridge, in the County of Yotk. 269

15. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Brampton to

Longtown, in the County of Cumberland, and for erecting a Bridge over the River Line, upon the said Road. 28:

16. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge to the South End of Wilderfpool Catfeway, and from the Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far as respects the Chester Dillrid of the said Roads, and for extending the fame from the present Termination thereof at Flookerjbrook Bridge aforesaid, to the North End of Cow Lane Bridge, in the City of Chester, and for making a new Road from such proposed Extension of the said Road to the North End of Fjueen Street, in the fame City. 309

17. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge, in the Township of Newton near Chester, to the South End of Wilderfpool causeway, and from Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far as relates to the Frodsham District of the fame Road. 325

18. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brcnchley, in the County of Kent, to Wiljley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Gouthurst Gore to Sti/ebridge, and from Underden Green to Wan-Jhutt's Green, in the County of Kent. 361

19. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South-east End of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to Derby Bridge, near the Rulhes, and from thence to the South End of Cavendish Bridge, in

the same County. ^73

30. An Act for repairing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the County of Perth. 285

21. An Act for continuing the Term, and and altering and enlarging the Power’s of several Acts. passed in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maid-stone, and from Waft’s Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as they relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone. ‘ 413

22. An Act for‘continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Wadburjl, in the County of SuJJ'ex, to* the Turnpike Road at Lamberburst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and from thence to West Fat ley Street, in the County of Kent. 421

23. An

12

A TABLE of the STATUTES

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stibbington-cum-Wandcsford,

otherwise Wand.ford, and the Hamlet of Sibfon, within the said Parish, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton. 429

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longhoughton, in the County of

Northumberland. 457

25. An Aid for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Township of Himton, in the

North Riding of the County of York. 477

26. An Act for inclosing Chew Moor, in the Township of Lojlock, in the Parish

of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 489

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Warkworth and Lcsbury, in the County of Northumberland. 501

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Staugh'.on and Graff-

ham, in the County of Huntingdon. 521

29. An Act for amending, rendering more effectual, and continuing Parts of an Act, of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present "Majesty, for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Purposes in the

laid Ad mentioned. 545

30. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Christchurch, in

the County of Middlesex. 565

31. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Mone’ out of the Confplidated Fund, to be applied in completing the Canal across the Isle of Dogs, and erecting other Works there, and for effecting other Improvements of the Port of London, in Execution of certain Acts already passed for those Purposes. 569

32. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Citadel, and Walls of the City

of Carlisle, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Justice for the said County, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 581

33. An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Rates of Wharfage, C.annage,

Plankage, Anchorage, and Moorage, to be received at the lawful Quays in the Port of Bristol; for the Regulation of the Cranekeepers in the said Port; and for the better Regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Vessels navigating the Bristol Channel. 597

34. An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, and provide convenient Court Houses for holding the Assizes and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and other Publick Meetings, within the said County. 629

35. An Act to enable the Reverend Alban Thomas Jones Gnvynne, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Aberayron, in the County of Cardigan, and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein. 645

36. An Act to enable Flis Majesty to veil the Sands of Traeth Maw, dividing

the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexatider Madocks,

Esquire. 661

37. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise Lime, and for building a Quay or Wharf near Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 677

38. An

{Local id Per final, to be judicially noticed) 47° GEO. III. Self. 2.

38. An Act for more effectually paving the Streets, and other Places, within

th ir Pait of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and for preventing Annoyances therein. 689

39. An Act to amend an Act, of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Hundreds of Bradford, Melksham, and Whorfdown, in the County of Wilts, and for extending the Powers of the said’Act to other Places in the said County. 729

40. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town of Gravesend, and the Hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dariford, Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent. 745

41. An Act for continuing Three Acts, of the Sixth Year of King George the First, in the Twentieth Year of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burntifand, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Fife, and for increasing the Publick Revenue of the said Town. 769

42. An Act to revive and continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of

Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of His late Majesty, and the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold in the Burgh of Kinghorn, in the County of Fife. 773

43. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Parish of

Sutton Courtney, in the County of Berks, to the Parish of Culbam, in the County of Oxford. 7 - 7

44. An Act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successo>-s, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Play-house, under certain Restrictions, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. 809

45. An Act for amending an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty,

for repairing and widening several Reads through the County of I anark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Howford, in the said County; and for making more effectual and converting the Statute Labour within the said County; and for repairing and regulating the Roads within the same. . g,

46. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton to Tib foe If, and a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to H/gham, in the same County.

47. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brightbelmfton to Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex, and for amending a certain Piece of Road to communicate therewith. 849

48. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great G im/by Haven, at or near Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nun's Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County 01 Lincoln. 861

A TABLE of the STATUTES

49. _An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of an Act of the Iweniy-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Ipswich to South Town, and from the said Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk. 8 *3

50. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, of the 1 hirty-third \ ear of His late Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle of P.ly, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, and empowering the Conservitors of Bedford Level to fell certain Fen Lands, as relates to the Lands in the Second District described in the said Act. 889

51. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the i hirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Batnford and Birtle so Bury, and for making three Banches of Road therefrom, in the County of Lancaster. 901

52. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts, passed in the Fifth, Seventh, and 1 wenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peter’s, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned. 917

53. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the

Third and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from Pairyn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County. 941

54. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from Cambridge to Royston, in the Counties of Cambridge and Fffex. 953

55. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hurfey, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and horn Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River. 965

36. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through Botiey, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the County of Southampton, 977

57. An Act for vesting several Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln, Suffolk, and Fffex, Parts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Frederick William Earl of Bristol in Trustees, upon Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and for other Purposes thertin mentioned. 985

e8. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chcjlerfield in Trustees, in Trull to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. I0°9

59. An Act to enable Henrietta West Spinster, and James West Esquire, and their Lessee for the Time being, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands' (deviled by the Will of Sarah West deceased)in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. 1029

r. .; 60. An

{Local & Personal, to-be judicially noticed) 470 GEO. III. Se(T. 2.

60. An Act for vesting certain Estates of Mary Fo/ler and George Edward

Graham Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in King’s Lynn and South Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Ttuflees, upon 'Fruit to sell the same, and to Hand possessed of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof, upon the Trulls therein mentioned. 1 °4 5

61. An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to a Chapel’

to be called Shireoaks Chapel, in the Parish of I Vo r/fop, in the County or Nottingham. 10 "3

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rhuddlan, Saint Asaph,

Diferth, and Cum, in the County of Flint. 1057

63. An Act for inclosing Lands at Thorpe, in the County of Surrey. 1073

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of IVheJhn and Tideswell, and in the Manor of Tideswell, in the County of Derby. 1093

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township cf Bramham, in the

Wed Riding of the County of York. 1113

6 d. An Act for inclosing Lands'in the Parish of Shipdham, in the County of Norfolk. 1 1133

67. An Act to amend Three Acts, of the Eighteenth, Thirty-ninth, and

Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for erecting a Court House, for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster. 1163

68. An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Deli-

very of Coals within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and F.jfex, and for making better Provision for the fame. > 1169

69. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of several Acts for the Maintenance and Repair of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent. 1253

70. An Act to revive and continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament,' so much of several Acts passed as relates to the better regulating of Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway. 1269

71. An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Tnys Congor, situated on the Coall of Ffiincdd, in the County of Carnarvon. 1281

72. An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of

Stratford Bow, other wise Stratford le Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Islington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and fcv'eral other Panfhe's, Hamlets, Townships, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex. 13°g

73. An Act to alter, amend, arid render more effectual, an Act, passed in the

Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Eriiploy-ment of the Poor of the several ! 'arilhe's within the Hundred of Cosford, except the Parish of Hadleigh, and also the Parish of Polflead, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the County of Suffolk. 1349

74. An Act for improving, and rendering more commodious, such Part of the County and County of the City of Dublin, as is situate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and Well of His Majesty's C.allle of Dublin, and for

11 »he

A TABLE of the STATUTE9

the Appointment of an Inspector of the Presentments and other Accounts of the County of the City aforesaid, 136 1

75. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Parish of Saint

Michael, ii. the Liberties of the City of / intcrick, and adjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing Nuisances therein. 1381

76. An Act for taking down the present Church, and providing a new Church

and Church-yard, in the Parish of Wallfend, in the County of Northumberland, and for rendering valid certain Marriages solemnized in the said Parish while the present Church has been in a State of Decay. 1417

77. An Act for erecting a Chapel on certain extra parochial Land called

Standard Hill, near the d own of Nottingham. 1437

78. An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the

Soakes of Bolingbrooke and Horncastle, and other L laces, in the County of Lincoln. 14 57

79. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk. 1489

80. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal

to complete the same. 1513

81. An Act to alter, amend, explain, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Rochdale Canal Navigation. 1529

82. An Act to authorize the Trustees of the River Weaver Navigation to open

a more convenient Communication between the said River near Frodsham Bridge and the River Mersty, near IVcston Point, in the Township of West on, in the County of Chester, and to amend Two Acts relative to the said River. 1537

83. An Act for repealing several Acts, of the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, so far as relates to the several Lands in the First Diliricl therein described, and for making better Provision for draining and preferring the said Lands. 1577

84. An Act to regulate and improve the Cattle Market, to provide a Market

House, and establish a Market for the Sale of Butcher’s Meat and other Articles, and to mase other Improvements, within the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex. 1617

85. An Act for raising and securing a Fund for the Relief of Widows and

Children of Burgh and Parochial Schoolmufters in Scotland. 1641

86. An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Ma-

jessy, for enabling the Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. 1653

O

7. An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enaLling the Globe i 1 urance Company to sue in the Name of their Tfeafurer, and to inrol Annuities. 1657

88. An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Pelican Life insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. 1061

89. An

14

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 47° GEO. III. Self. 2.

89. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Llundilo to Lampeter, and other Places in the County of Carmarthen. 1665

9a An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Tweiity-fifth Years of llis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from IVbithy to Middleton, in the County of York. 1673

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottejbach, to Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester. 1681

9a. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlajion Lane, and other Places therein named, in the County of Stafford. 1693

93. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Birjiall to Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to Huddersfield, in the County of fork. 1705

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parflh of Cranbrooke to Appledore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent. 1721

95. An Act to continue-the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so much of Three Acts, of the Fifth, Ninth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Repair of the Road from Wat’s Cross to Cow den, and the Roads from Sevenoaks Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and PenJlrjrJl 'Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent. 1737

96. An Act for continuing the derm, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of an Act, of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing so much of the Road from the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the City of Carlisle, as lies within the County of Northumberland. 1744

97. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth 'i ears of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near Great Barrington, in the County of Devon. t753

98. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estateslateof the Right Honourable

Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, deceased, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, which have not been sold by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five. " j 765

co. An Act for enabling Rear Admiral Bentinck, Tenant for Life under the Will of his late Father John Albert Bentinck Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the County of Norfolk with the Sums therein mentioned, for the embanking, improving, and increasing the fame Estates by the Means therein mentioned. '

,7°S

loo.' An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, late of Henry Champ-ness Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance

thereof.

A TABLE of tbt STATUTES

thereof, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Eltat.es so fold. 1 tot

toi. An Act for vesting certain Estates, deviled by the Will of James Harrison Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties or Lancaster and Chester, in Trustees, in Trull to be loid for the Payment of Debts and Legacies affetting the fame; and after Payment thereof, for the Invellment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. 1813

102. An Act for enabling Fronds Riners Esquire to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Lands in the Pat'ilh or Stebunheath, otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, deyffed by the Will of Francis Poete Esquire. 1833

103. An Act for reding certain Estates, in the Parishes of Dry pool and Stolen,

in Holderr.eps, in the County of 1 irk (Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of Ann Hall, deceased;, in Trustees in.Trull to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. 1841

J04. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Trustees and Visitors of Mtsrdeu College, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Kent, and Thompson Bonar, Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the same County. i8?3

lo.?. An Act for incl»sing Lands in the Townlhipof OJfett, in the Parish of Dewsbury, in the Wed Riding of the County of 1 'ore. 1861

106. An Act for inclosing Lands in the PuriPn of FLurJl, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts. 1877

to/. An Act for inclosmp Lands in Llanelly, in the County of Caermarihen, and for leafing Part of the said Lands, and applying the Rents thereof in improving the down and Port of Llanelly, in the said County. 1893

toS. An Act to enable His Majesty to ralcafe to the Devisees in Fee, in Trull of the Estates of Sir Charles Dover $ Baronet, deceased, an Annui.y or Yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, given by the Will of Mary Dovers Spinder, to Francis Alexander Frederick dc la Rochefoucauld de Liancourt, an Alien, and the Arrears thereof. l9'7

tog. An Act for the more eft'eftual Improvement of the City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof.

1925

lio. An Act for deepening, enlarging, maintaining, and improving the Harbour of Peterhead, in the County of Aberdeen. l )77

in. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and fur regulating the Market of the said Town and Parish. ,^7

112. An Act to amend an Act, of the FortyTocond Year of His present

Majesty, for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and other Purposes relating thereto; and for providing a new Sefliuns house for the said County. 2045

113. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, to vary the Course of the said Canal, and 10 make Railways or

'3 Roads,

(Local Zs Perfor.al, to be judicially noticed j 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

Roads, and to amend and render more effectual Two Acts relating to the said Navigation. 2049

114. An Act for separating the Chapelries and Chapels of Nevecaflle- under-

Lyme, Burslem, Whitmore, Bucknall and Bdguall, and Norton in the Moors, from the Rectory and Parish Church of Stoke-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and for making them Five distinct Rectories and Parish Churches; and for enabling the Rector of the said Parish Church of Stoke-upon-Trent ior the Time being to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory. 2^65

115. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Twenty-sixth Year of

His present Majesty, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads. 20S1

It6. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Seeding Hill, and from Steyning to the Top of Steyning Hill in the County of Sussex-, and for making a Road from the said Roads in the Parish of Seeding, by Seeding Chalk Pit, to the North East Corner of the Sheep Field, in the Parish of Kingstone by Sea in the said County. 2105

117. An Act for improving the Navigation of a certain Part of the River

Adur; and for the better draining the Low Lands lying in the Levels above Beeding Bridge, and below Mock Bridge and Bines Bridge, all in the County of Sussex. 2133

118. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vejling certain Freehold and Copyhold FJlates, dei-ifed by the Will of the late Arthur Jones Esquite, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Catmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and Liberties of London and Westminster, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale, together with the Sum of Fifty-three thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Four-pence, Three Pounds per Centum ConfoUdated Bank Annuities, Jlanding in the Name of the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, in TruJ't in a certain Cause in the said Court, Macnamara vetfus Jones, being the clear Rejidue of the Personal Estate of the said Testator Arthur Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees to grant Leases of the Efatcs so to be purchased, and also to cut Timber growing thereupon, subject to RejtriiUons, so far as the Trulls thereof have not been performed and carried into Execution. 2165

119. An Act for vesting in the Right Honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, in Fee Simple, Part of his Settled Estates in the County of Sussex, in Exchange for another Estate of the said Lord Robert Spencer, in the same County, and for settling such last-mentioned Estate to the like Uses as the said Part of his Settled Estates flood settled. 2173

120. An Act to enable the surviving Trustee named in the last Will and Testa* ment of the late Right Honourable Henry Earl of Ely, deceased, to fell the Mansion House of the said late Earl, in Ely Place, in the City of Dublin, with the Appurtenances and the Furniture to the said House belonging, and the Glades and Pictures therein; and to lay out the Monies to arite by such

Sale

A TABLE of the STATUTES

I.-;., ,

v Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, and to settle such Lands so to be purchased to the same Uses, and subject to the fame Limitations, as are in the said Will declared and expressed with respect to the said Mansion House, with the Appurtenances. 2 ' 85

\2i. An Act for the Partition of divers Lands in the Counties of Monaghan, Fermanagh, Louth, and Armagh, late the Property of Sir James Hamilton Knight, deceased, and in which Catherine Hamilton, Dorothea Hawkfoaw otherwise Hamilton, Maria Willipmfon other wise Hamilton, Dacre Hamilton, Olivia Lucas o’herwife Hamilton, Elizabeth Hamilton, the Reverend James Hamilton, SkeJJingten Hamilton, Elinor Hamilton, Frances Lee otherwise Hamilton, and the Representatives of Jane Hamilton, deceased, have undivided Shares, and for the Sale of the Lands therein mentioned. 2193

122. An Act for confirming the Sales, made under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, of several Estates in the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas Cooper deceased. 2225

123. An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of John Joseph Henry Esquire, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses, and to extend the leafing Powers of the said John Joseph Henry in respect to Part of his Estates therein mentioned. 2253

124. An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Settled Estates of Sir Hugh Inglis Baronet, John Watkins Parker Esquire, and Thomas Lloyd Esquire, and Eliza Bella his Wife, situate in the City of London and County of Middle-

sex, in Trustees, in Trull to carry into Execution a Contraft already entered into for Sale of Part of the fame Estates, and to fell the other Part thereof under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the said Sales in the Manner therein mentioned. 2281

125. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the County of Berks, devised

by the Will of Bartholomew Tipping Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. 2301

126. An Act for enabling Trullees to fell the Settled Estates of John Bradshaw

Fletcher Esquire (calling himself John Bradshaw), situate in the County of Esex, and for laying out the Monies to ariie from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates to be situate in or near the County of Lancaster, to be settled to the same Uses. 23 13

127. An Act for vesting several Fee Farm Rents and annual Sums settled determined by

Edward Colston, deceased, on the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, for the Maintenance of an llof-pital and Alms-house in the said City, in Trullees to be sold, and for apply- ing the Money to arise by i'uch Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled upon the Trulls on which such Pee Farm Rents and annual Sums are respectively held. 2325

128. An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Canterbury in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies, together with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for other Pur-pof«. 2341

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed} 47° GEO. III. EefT. e.

129. An Act for enabling the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River A-von,

in the Counties of Sosnerfet and Gloucester, from the City of Ruth, to or near Hanhani’s Mills, to make and maintain an Ilorfe Towing-path, for the Purp< fe of towing and haling with Horses, or otherwise, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, up and down the said River. 2363

130. An Act for draining, embanking, and improving Lands in the Parish of Ottringham in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York. 2393

131. An Act for prolonging the Term of certain Letters Patent assigned to Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier, for the Invention of making Paper by means of Machinery.

132. An Act for making better Provision for the Support and Maintenance of the Rector for the Time being of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

133. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of York to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston to the upper End of Stone Dale, in the County of York.

134. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brandon, in the County of Suffolk.

F

A TABLE «f the STATUSES1

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

I. A N A A for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Wambrook, in the County /i of Dorset.

a. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elton in the County of Nottingham.

3. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Cary.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Sicard.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Upper Norton, otherwise Norton Lindsey in the County of Warwick.

б. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Warkton and Little Oakley, in the County of Northampton, and in the Parish of Luddington, in the Counties of Northampton and Huntingdon, or one of them.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Weekly and Geddington, in the County of Northampton, and for changing in Part the Boundary between the said Two Parishes.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cattijlock, in the County of Dorset.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Stockland, in the County of Dorset.

jo. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alderton, in the County of

Gloucester.

II. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stanley-pont-large, in the County of Glourefer.

J 2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Horning, in the County of

Norfolk.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of JVaith, in the County of Lincoln.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Knockin, in the County of Sa'of.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Aldington, in the Parish of Badfey, in the County of Worcester.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of North Weston, in Por-tijhead, and West on in Gordano, otherwise North Weston, in the County of Somerset.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pentney, in the County of

Norfolk.

j 8. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Herringswell, in the County of Suffolk.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Holt and Letheringsett, in the County of Norfolk.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Burton, in the Parish of Burton, in the County Palatine of Chester.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Warlingham, in the County of Surrey

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of South K. > kby and South E Infall, in the Patish of South Kirkby, in the West Riding of he County of York.

23. An Act fi r inclosing Lands in the Parish of Croughton, otherwise Crowten, in the County of Northampton.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty of Kings wood, in the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey.

25. An

(Local & Personal, not printed) 47" GEO. IiL Se(T. 2.

‘25. An Act for inclosing Lands.in thej’arifli of Off Icy, in the County of Hertford.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands id the Parishes of Shottejbrook and White Waltham, otherwise Waltham Abbott, in the County of Berks.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hayton, in the County of Cumberland.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of North Hykcham, otherwise North Hickham, and SkcUingtkorpc, in the County of Lincoln.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wrangle, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for vesting certain Estates at Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, (devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady Kinna'ird), in Trustees, upon Trull to sell the same, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in Discharge of an Incumbrance thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of River, in the County of Kent.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Addle, in the West Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in Hudfwell and Hipjwell, in the Parish of Cutter ick, in the North Riding of the County of 2 ork.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ashby de la Laund, in the County of Lincoln.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Bishop Monktbn, in the Parish of Ripen, in the County of York.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Pamington, in the Parish of Ashchurch, in the County of Gloucester.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Town, Borough, and Liberty of Saint Clears, in the County of Carmarthen.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Low Dunsforth, in the Parish of Aldborough, in the County of York.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tcrpenhow, in the County of Cumberland.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Fit ton, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Norfolk.

42. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of Ills present Majesty, for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Sawtry All Saints, and Sawtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon.

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chrishall, in the County of Ejex.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Parishes of Deddington and Great Barford, otherwise Barford Saint Michael, in the County of Oxford.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broughton liackett, otherwise Hacketts Broughton, in the County of Worcester.

46. An Act for naturalizing Louis Francois Nicolas Frebout.

47. An Act to empower the Trustees and Visitors of the College, commonly called Sir Joan M or den’s College, situate on Black heath, in the County of Kent, to fell a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, and other Hereditaments,

8 situate

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fitiiate at Greenwich, in the said County of Kent, Part of the Estate of the said College, to the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be applied to the like Uses.

48. An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Parish of Chaldon Herring, in the County of Dorset, entailed by the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Honourable Lionel Darner deceased, with Williamza his Wife, and the Will of John Darner Esquire deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for inverting the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

49. An Act for vesting in an additional Trustee certain Trust Estates comprised in, and settled by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Lite Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for settling certain Manors, Capital MeJJitages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprized in a Settlement made by William Strode Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing with the Money arising by such Sale other Lands and Here-ditamenis, to be settled to the like Uses, upon the subsisting Truis of the said Act.

50. An Act for enabling the Trustees, under the Will of John Mcyrick Esquire, deceased, to fell a capital Messuage and Lands at Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tarburgh, in the County of Lincoln.

52. An Act for inclosing We/lcrfield Green, in the Parish of Weflerfield, in the County of Suffolk.

53. An Act for inclosing Cold Green, in the Parish of Wheathill, in the County of Salop.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Exiting, in the County of

Suffolk,

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Landbeach, in the County of Cambridge.

56. An Act for allotting and dividing Lands in the Parish of Steeple Mcrden, in the County of Cambridge.

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Liberty of Rarnby, in the Parishes of Blyth and Sutton cum Lound, or in one or either of them, in the County of Nottingham.

58. An Act for naturalizing Johan Gottlob Werninck.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates of the late Oswald Moflcy, Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will, in Trustees and their Heirs, upon Trust to convey the fame in the Manner therein mentioned,

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew the Less, otherwise called Barnwell, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, and certain Lands in the Parities of Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Mary the Great, and Saint Mary the Less, or some or one of them, in the said Town of Cambridge, lying intermixed with the Lands in the said Parish of Saint Andrew the Less, otherwise called Barnwell.

61. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Ellis with Maria Palmer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

INDEX

TO THE

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

47° GEO. III. Sess. I. & Self.2.

j'7. -7 /,<...*

Hfr All the Asti, the Purpose of which is not her* specially dated, are Roan Acts; and are indexed under the Name of the Place fird occurring in the Title, with Reference* fr.m all other Name* of Place* therein mentioned.

[Index removed.]

A.

Aberayron {Cardigan), Harbour

133

I. ON I) 0 N Printed hv George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printps to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

1

GEORGII I. III.

Britanniarum Regis,

QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO. ft g Sess. 2.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-seventh Year of tire Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith:

Being the FIRST SESSION of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sell: 2.

Cap. i.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Borough and Parish o{ BoJIoti, and the Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton (except the Parishes of Gosberton and Surfleet) in the County of Lincoln.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Borough of Boston in the County of Lincoln is an ancient Corporation, as well by Prescription as Charter, is a considerable Sea Port and Market Town, having a great and extensive Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and is also much connected in Trade and Business with the several Parishes and Places in the Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton aforesaid: And whereas an Act was made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery *6G. 2. c. 7. if Small Debts within the Borough if Bolton and Skirbeck Quarter and the Parishes of Bolton and Skirbek in the County of Lincoln: And whereas another Act was made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Horncaltle, and Wapentakes c/'Wraggoe and Gartree (except the Parish of Great Sturton) and within the Wapentakes Of Louth Like, Ludborough, and Calceworth, end Parishes of Wrangle,

Leake, Lever ten, Benington, Butterwick, I’reilton, and Fishtoft, in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade in the said Borough, and in the said Parishes and Places, and to theneceflary Support and Protection of useful Credit within the same, if the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second was wholly repealed, and if the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Maly-^- Per.] A 2 jesty.

4

Commission-

cr«.

4?° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. i.

jesty, so far as the fame relates to the said Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Lever ion, Benington, But Ur wick, and Fret/lon, was also repealed, and better and more extensive Powers and Provisions were vested in Commissioners to hear and determine Plaints concerning certain Debts not exceeding Five Pounds, arising within the said Borough and Parish of Boston, and the said Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirion (except the Parishes of Gojbcrion and Surfeei); but such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Things therein contained, and so much and such Parts of the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty as relate to or affect the said Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Bulterwick, and Freiston, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, as far as the fame relate to or affect the said last herein-before mentioned Parishes, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Recorder, Deputy

Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen of the Borough of Bojlen, in the County of Lincoln, for the Time being, the several Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, for the Time being, residing in and acting for the said Parts; the several Mi-nifters of the Parish Churches within the said Hundreds of Kirton and Skirbeck for the Time being, Samuel Partridge Clerk, John IVayet Clerk, John Banks Clerk, Field Flowers Clerk, Bartholomew Goe Clerk, Samuel Barnard, Samuel Barnard junior, William Barnard, Bartholomew Claypcn, William Garjit junior, Challis Sheath, John Dixon, "John Watson, Edward Hill, John Brotherton, William Harwood, Smithson Taylor, John Carter, William Pepper, Samuel Tunnard, William Rodgerson, Samuel Dickins, John Wells, William Wells junior, Alexander Magnus, West Brotherton, Thomas Travis, William Bartol, Michael Potter, Johrl Barton, Robert Marshall, Edward Houghton, John Bellamy, Thomas Wright, John Harwood, Year Sutton, Joseph Shepherd, Francis

Shipley, William Sharp, John Lungworth, John Sheath, Joseph Pell Blacksmith, Matthew Munk, James Staniland, William Inge low, John Thorley, Thomas Wilson, John Patiinfon, William Pattinson, Robert Brelsferd, Eleazer Hotchin, Thomas Stennett, Charles Cave, Francis Snaith, Francis Snaith junior, John Westland, William Wilkinson, Charles Rice, Samuel Rocklijfe, Thomas Rawson, John Rawson, William Rainey+ Daniel Ilobfon, Hanson Scarborough, Edward Hutt/lon, Daniel Gash Fctherby, John Hodson, William Atkin, Thomas Beaver, George Robinson, James Hellaby, Henry Clark, George York, Joftah Johnson, William Kelsey, John Kelsey, Thomas Jarvis, John Skelton, William Waite, John Coupland, Stanley Marshall, William Porter, Paul Pell of Freifton, Joseph Jackson junior, Philip Plummer, Richard Calthrop, Richard Bazlinton, Richard Hanson, Stephen Palmer, Robert Waldergave, Edward Black, Richard Gunnifs, Thomas Dixon, James Dixon, James Munk, John Tunnard, Thomas Tunnard, John Yerburgh, Richard York, William Higdon, Joseph Dods, Thomas Bishop, John Harvey Finch, John Thorpe, David Trim,

\ 3 nelB

K

&i

5

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 1.

tell, Charles Green, Bracebridge Green, Thomas Dods, William Dixon, Richard Gleed, Thomas Arnall Gleed, Isaac Lumley, John Mottram, John Cafswell, William Crane, II illiam Golding, William Barnes, James Hare, Henry Whyers, Francis Sewell, John Birkitt, John Gulling, John Coupland junior, Richard Birkitt, Edward Birkitt, William Soulby, William North, William Physick, and Richard Wells, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Parish of Bojlim, and the Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton (except the said Parishes of Gosberton and SurJIeet) in the County of Lincoln; and the said Commissioners and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requests for the Borough and Parsi of Boston, and the Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton (except the Purifies of Golberton and Surfleet) in the County of Lincoln; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to meet and act’emble, and to hold the said Court on Monday in every Week in the Guildhall of the said Borough, or in some other convenient Place within the same Borough, to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners for that Purpose assembled; and the first Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be holden on the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, and the Commissioners present shall elect a Chairman for that Meeting, and so at each succeeding Meeting; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be present at such Meetings, not being less than Three (except as hereinafter mentioned) are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine all such Actions and causes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give such Judgements, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon with the Colls, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods, of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgement, or make any Order or Decree, as to them shall Teem just in Law or Equity; and in case of any Equality of Votes on any Action, Cause, or Question, before the said Commissioners, the said Chairman, so to be elected as aforesaid, shall have the decisive or calling Vote; and if it shall happen that no Chairman shall have been previously elected at that Meeting, then and in every such Case the Commissioner present, who Hands first in the Lift of Names of the said Commissioners, shall have the decisive or calling Vote; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang up, or cause to be hung up, such Lift in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Decision of each and every Action, Cause, or Question, for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at least of the Laid Commissioners shall be present in Court j and on the Decision of each and every Action, Cause, or Question, for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five at least of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a Householder within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and be possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person, not

[Loc. Is' Per.] B being

Three Commissioners for Forty Shillings.

Five Commissioners for Sums above that Sum.

Qualification of Commissioners.

6

Acts of Commissioners good before Con vision.

Commissioners Oath.

Oath.

Election of Commissioi-ers.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. i.

being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence (over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Colls of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Lav/, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons, acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (save and except in administering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Commissioners) until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following; (that is tpfay)

I A.B. do swear ,[cr, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do ‘ -* solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially,

‘ according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine ‘ such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me, "by virtue of ‘ an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled, [fct forth the Title of this Act] without Fav our or ‘ Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever;

‘ and also that I am a Householder within the Jurisdiction of the said ‘ Court; and that I am possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value ‘ of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand ‘ Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and each and every such Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (after taking the said Oath or Affirmation) to sign and subscribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Comm’ffioners hereinbefore named or appointed (save and except the said Mayor, Recorder, Deputy Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Councilman, of the Borough of Eofion aforesaid for the Time being, the several

JLvJJtic t»

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. i.

Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Holland aforesaid, for the Time being residing in and acting for the said Parts, and the several Mini I' ers of the Parish Churches within the said Hundreds of Kirton and Sidrbeck for the Time being) shall happen to die, or shall neglect or refule to quality himself for acting as a Connhiilioner in the Execution of this Act, by taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before mentioned, within Two Years from the passing of this Actor if any Person hereafter to be elected and chosen a Commissioner shall neglect or relufe to qualify himself for acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, within Two Years next after he shall have been so elected and cholen, or shall accept the Office of Clerk, or otherwise become disqualified to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving and remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of tiofe who shall be present in the Court at which such Vacancy shall be notified or become known, or who shall bi present at any subsequent Court, to cause the whole Number of Commi!'-sioners for the Time being, who shall have qualified themselves to act as aforesaid, to be summoned to meet at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, which Summons shall be served on each of the said Commissioners, or left at his usual Place of Residence within the Jurisdiction of the Court, at lead Ten Days and not exceeding Fourteen Days before the Day appointed for such Meeting, and shall (iate the Purpose for which the said Commissioners are to meet; and the Commissioners present at such Meeting so to be especially summoned as aforesaid, not being less than Ten, shall and may and are hereby authorized and required to elect and appoint one other Commissioner in the room or (lead of every such Commissioner-so dying, or refusing or neglecting to act, or becoming disqualified; and every' Commissioner so to be elected and appointed, shall be and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the Powers granted by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been herein particularly named.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Commi(Tio»-so becoming disqualified shall at any Time thereafter be desirous of being ers may be re-elected on any subsequent Vacancy, it shall be lawful for the Commit- re’elei-ed-sioners for the 'lime being again to elect and chuse him to be a Commissioner, subject nevertheless to the several Restrictions aforesaid.

VIII. And be it futher enacted, That the Clerk and other Officers no- Officers ap-minated or appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth P°|ntcdby Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, shall be the Clerk and Afttoexe-other Officers of the said Court of Requests, and shall hold his and their cute this Act, Offices and Employments during his and their good Behaviour; and that and the Mayor if it be found necessary, from the Increase of the Business of the Court andA1der-or for any other Reason, that another Serjeant, or any other inferior

Officers is or are wanting, it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor and Officers, if Aldermen of the said Borough of Bs/lon for the Time being, or the major necessary.

Part of them, to nominate and appoint any additional Number of Serjeants or other inferior Officers which may appear to the said Commissioners to be wanting or necessary for carrying any of the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and every such Clerk, Serjeant, and other Officer,

shall be subject to the Pains and Penalties, and Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations as are herein mentioned and expressed.

4

Time of

hearing

causes.

A ppointment of a Deputy Clerk.

If sufficient Commissioners do not at. tend. Court may be adjourned.

Offices of Clerk and Crier and Serjeants.

Mayor and Aldermen authorized to fill up the Vacancy of Officers.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. i.

IX. And for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said Court or hear or determine any Case or Cases, Cause or causes, to be heard or determined by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he pon ft rued to extend so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses, in the said Court, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the f, id Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, save and except between the said Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Deputy to act in his room or (lead in case of Sickness, or for other sufficient Cause, to be allowed by the said Mayor and Aldermen for the Time being, or the major Part of them, and such Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and required to issue all Summonses, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgements of the said Court, and to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the said Clerk by virtue of this Act, and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered or registered, in a proper Book or Books to be provided by such Clerk, and kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court of whatever Nature or Kind soever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Neglect or Refusal of the said Commissioners a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not be present to act in the Execution of this Act as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Commissioners who shall be present, and if no Commissioner shall be present it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to the next Monday or to some earlier Day.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk and Crier of the said Court shall and do perform in their respective Offices, as they shall be diiedted or appointed by the said Commissioners; and the several Serjeants of the said Court shall serve all Summonses, and execute such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as may be required to be done by them respectively by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall happen that the Office of Clerk, or Serjeant, or Crier, or of any other Officer or Officers shall become vacant, cither through Misbehaviour, Death, or Resignation, Suspension, Dismission, Removal or Incapacity, theit and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Borough of Boston for the Time being, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby required, to nominate

and

9

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. i.

aikl appoint another fit and proper Person to be Clerk, or Serjeant, or Crier, or other Officer or Officers of and in the said Court of Requests, during his and their good Behaviour; and until such Nomination and Appointment shall be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said C.ommissioners of the said Court of Requests, or any Three or more of them assembled as alotesaid, to appoint such Officers respectively to do the Business of the said Court, until such Nominations and Appointments shall from Time to Time be made as aforesaid; and all Persons so appointed by the said Comminioners or any Three of them, shall be and be deemed to be (during such ime as they shall reflectively aft) Officers under this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and entitled to all the Advantages and Emoluments specified in this Act, and shall be subject to be removed from their Offices in like Manner as the Officers from Time to Tune to be appointed by the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Borough of Bn/lon aforesaid, or the Major Part of them for the Time being are subject to be removed: Provided always, that no Commissioner, or any Person or I'ersons who shall k ep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of any publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine. Beer, Ale, Cider, Spi ituous or other ftro- g Liquors by Retail shall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk or any other Office or Place of Trust or Profit belonging to the said Court.

XIV. And be it further er.acted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to decide and determine all Disputes and Differences between Party and Party for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Actions or Caules of Debt, whether such Debt shall arise on any Proiniffory Note or Inland Bill of Exchange, or for Rent upon Leases, Articles, Minutes, and in all Cases of AJfumpfit and Injimul ComputaJJit, and in all causes or Actions of Trover and Conversio, and in all causes or Returns founded on a Quantum Meruit, and in all causes or Actions of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Commissioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the 'Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, nor on any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on demand, originally exeteding Five Pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Testamer.t or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiasticql Court; or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition for and by way of Retainer of Tythes, or for any Matter fueable therein.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of the said

Court fer theliire being shall be Party to or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, or shall be Father, Son, oi Brother of any Person or Persons conctineei or interested in any Cause, Action, or Mat-< lLoc‘ & Per. J C ' ter.

What Debts to be decided by the Commissioners.

Commissioners not to determine any Cause where the Title to Land is brought in question.

CoinmifPon-ers not to act w’>ere inte-relted.

10

Actions not to be (plit for the Purpose ofb ringing them before the Court;

but the Court may decree infuchAction so split, if the Plaintiff shall be satisfied to receive the Money in full of all Pe-mands in such Action.

Debtors to be summoned before Commissioners who may make such Orders between the Parties as thcytnink fit.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. i.

ter, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, Action, or Matter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but after being heard in the said Court shall withdraw until the fame is finally determined; and if any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer of the said Court for the Time being, shall be Party to or interested in any Cause, Action or Matter depending in the said Court, such Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, shall not exercise his or their Office in such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto, but such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed in Writing by the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, to exercise the said Office of Clerk or other Officer respectively in his or their Place or Stead, shall be and is hereby verted with full Power and Authority to execute the Office of Clerk, or Serjeant, or other Officer, in all Things relating to such Cause, Action, or Matter.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Plaintiff' to split or divide any Cause or Action for the Recovery of any Debt where the whole Sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more causes or Actions, for the Put pole of bringing such Caules or Actions within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that any Plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to dismiss with Costs every such Cause or Action so split and divided, but such Dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he or ffie may lawfully proceed: Provided always, that in case any Plaintiff who shall have so split or divided such his or her Cause or Action, shall be willing to accept such Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by this Act enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the Whole of his or her Demand in such Cause or Action so split or divided, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce (on such Plaintiff proving his or her Cause or Cafe to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners) such Sum to the Plaintiffnot exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such Sum shall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Cause or Cafe so split and divided.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Meeting of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, (whether such Person or Persons shall reside within the Jurisdiction of the said Court or not) having any Debt or Debts on the Balance of Account or otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, or due and owing to him as Chamberlain, Town

J 5 Clerk,

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. I. u

Clerk, or other Officer to any Body Corporate, or Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society, duly associated and constituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this Act, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said Borough pr Parish of Bofion, or within any or either of the Parishes or Places within the Hundreds of Kirton and Skirbeck, or either of them (except the Parishes of Gosberton and Surfeet) or keeping or using any House, Ware-house, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or using or frequenting the Markets there, or seeking a Livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who shall immediately make out and deliver to one of the Serjeants of the said Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing, under the Hand of the said Clerk, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and dating the Particulars of such Demand or Cause of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them, to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demands and such Serjeant shall forthwith serve or cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant, or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf,

Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and upon due Proof made of such Summons having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners present in Court are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Sentence or Judgement thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit as to them shall seem moll agreeable to Equity and good Conscience: and for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of the Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it shall and may bejlawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court to administer an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the said Court, or to either of the said Parties whom they the said Commissioners shall think proper to examine touching the Matters then in question, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and also to any other Person or Persons whose Evidence shall seem necessary towards the hearing or determining any of the said causes or Actions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpose requisite to the Execution of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be per- No Evidence mitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Cause or Action to be g>v^n as aforesaid, or of any Cause of Action, except such as is {fated in the b? said Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be "oiKST admitted on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of such his Summons, Cause or Action of any Demand he, she, or they mav have on the Plain- ,10r by D-

tiff or Plaintiffs, in the Nature of a Set-off, to lessen or difeharee himself. !dLllj0lan>

6 1 r tr crossBe-

nerfelr, mnnd he may

hsve on the iJIa ntiflf,

U’ less Notice he given thereof by him.

If Debtor does not appear Commissioners may proceed;

and if the Plaintiff docs not appear to prove his demand, Defendant shall have Costs.

Commissioners may award Executions against the Body or Goods.

4/° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. i.

herself, or thcnfselves, from such Demand or Cause of Atftion, unless No tice thereof in Writing has been given to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by personal Service, or by leaving at his, her, or their Dwelling House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing trading, or working, previous to the Day when such Matter or Caule shall be heard or tried.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors whir shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid shall not appear, either in Person, or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, before the said Court, at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Summons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in the Lid Court, alter the Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such reasonable Costs of Suit as to them shall l'eem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return cf any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, or of the Cause on account of which such Summons lira 11 have been issued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, either in Person. or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Sa isfaction of the said Court, but shall be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be pronounced ag-iintt him her, or them, by the said Court, then and in very lu h Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners prelenr in Court, to awaru to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Costs and such realonaole Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble, as they the said Commissioners in their Dil'cretion shall think fit, and to order and compel ihe Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Way or Means as arc herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the said Court.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in any Cause, Action, or Cafe where the said Commissioners shall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of >>oney, it shall and may be lawful to and for the iaid Commissioners present in Court to award (execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of the said Court, at the Prayer of the 1 arty prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way, of Capias ad Satisfaciendum or fieri Facias, to one of the Serjeants of the said Court, who, by virtue of such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall anti may and is hereby empowered to take such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and carry him, her, or them to the Common Gaol of the said Borough of Jlo/lon, or i he Parts oi Holland in the County of Lincoln, there to remain until lie. Hie, or they shall perform and obey such Orde , Decree, or Judgement for the Space of Time herein in that Behai, particularly directed; and in case any such t recept shall be issued upon Execution against the

Good

»3

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. I,.

Goods and Chattels of such Party, such Serjfant shall and may and he is hereby empowered to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money and Coffs as shall he so ordered, decreed, or adjudged; and if the Party, against v.hose Body or Bodies any In case Par-such Execution shall be awarded and Process thereupon shall issue, shall by shall ab-absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods <v Chat- c' tels, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Etfedl of any Goods, such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court, upon due Proof thereof made before them by tile Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Dil» cretion, to award further Execution, either against the Body, or Goods and Chattels of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be feryed by one of the Serjeants of the said Court in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied; and it (h*H and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, in case they shall think fit, for the Eale and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorized and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by several Payments or Instalments, and under such Terms and Conditions, as may appear reasonable and just to them the said Commissioners, for the Ease of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs \ and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, in case any Default or Failure of any such Payments or Instalments so ordered, decreed, adjudged, and directed, shall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Inllance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, to award Execution against the said Defendant or Defendants, or against any other Person or Persons who may have given Security to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Directions of the said Commissioners, for the Payment of such Payments or Instalments in Manner aforesaid, for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and such Debt, qr(such Part- thereof, and such further Costs, shall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Commissioners to iffne any Process against’the Body or Bodies of any Defendant or Defendants, in any Case or Cases where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, endtled to tile Benefit of any Orfler, Judgement, or Decree, shall have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the fame Defendant or Defendants.

XXIV. And as it may happen that Persons served with Process issuing out of the said Court of Requests may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Eff<?&s beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Court; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where a final Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Twenty Shillings shall have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty s Courts of Record at Westminster, upon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgement being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Pre-

[Loc. & Prr.J D cept

Process not u» issue against the Goods and Chattels whilst Process against the Body is depending.

Record of such Judgment may be removed into the superior Court and Writs of Execution issued to the Sheriff of any Count ty, &c.

14

Clerk to indorse Debt and Costs on the Precept, and if paid to Clerk of Court before Sale, Execution to be fu-perfeded.

Penalty on Keeper of Prison neg-leifing his Duty;

and to be c'onvifted before a justice of the Peace for the said Bo ough of Boll on or Parts of uol-land.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. i.

eept of Execution having issued again (I the Person or Persons or Effects (as the Case may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons. Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior Court to canfe the Record of the said Decree or Judgement to be removed into such superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants in the same Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall, and he is hereby authouzed to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effect* according to the Notice of the Execut on for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That upon each and every Precept to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Body or Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk of the said Court shall indorse, or cause to be indorsed, the Sum or Sums of Money and the Costs so ordered, decreed, and adjudged; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively, shall before any actual Sale of the Goo s and Chattels, or before he, she, or they is or are apprehended, or befo e the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment as herein mentioned, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk of the said Court such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with the Fee, or Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk as a Compensation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgement and Satisfaction in full for such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, then and in every such Case the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the said Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers for the Time being of any Common Gaol or Prison within the said Borough-of Bojlan, and within the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to receive and take into their Custody respectively all and every Person or Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, present in Court; and in case the Keeper or Keepers of such Gaol or Gaols or Prison or Prisons respectively, shall neglect or refute to receive and take into his or their Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or shall before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his or their Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his or their Custody, and wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, such Keeper and Keepers respectively so offending in either of the said Cases, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, or Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath lbch Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer)

r5

47° GEORGII ill. Sefi2. Cap. i.

or upon his or their own Confession, fhn.!l for every such Offence forfeit; and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices; and in case such Sum (ha) I not be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending, into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, then and in every such Case such Sum shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender or Offenders, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Forfeiture when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be distributed in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act herein-alter directed to be distributed; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to any Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Borough or Parts of Holland, in the County of Lineolny for any J ime not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty, and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Cojiviction, be looner paid and discharged.

XXVir. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That No Privilege no Privilege shall be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be fuminoned to al*°"e<* by virtue of this Act from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, to ttor""-s" on account of his being a sworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or of any other Court whatsoever, but that all such Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers shall be subject to the several Processes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the said Court of Requests. in the same Manner as any other Person or Persons is and are subject to the lame,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Attorney, Solicitor,

Scrivener, or any Person practising the Law, shall be permitted to appear Scrivener, or in the said Court of kequests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for Pra&ifer of or-on Bchall of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Person, or to tllc Law‘> to be admitted to speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Mat- be Advocate* ter, in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scriviner is not himself a Party or Witness; and in case any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, shall appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, pr Advocate for or-on Behalf of‘any Plaintiff or Defendant, or speak before the said Court in'any‘Cause, Action, or Matter in which- such Attorney,

SoKciror, or Scrivener, is stot hifnfelf a Party or "Witness, then and in evbry such Case fitch 'Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, qn being convicted thereof before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, or Parts of Holland in the Countiy of Lincoln, within their respective Jurisdiction, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) or on his own Coniession; and ip case such Sum of Money shall not be paid forthwith by the Person or Persons so offending, into the Hands of the said Justitje or Justices- before whom such Offender shall be convicted, then and: in every such Case such Sum of Money shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals-of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, after deducting such

Fine

47° GEORGII ill. Sess. 2. Cap. i.

Fine or Forfeiture; and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, when so paid and levied or recovered, shall be distributed amongst the Poor of the said Borough and several Parishes and Places within the Juris. distion of the said Court, in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees herein-after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk, Serjeants, and Crier, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

On DEBTS nut Or, DEBTS

exceeding above

soar t1 3 si Forty Shillings. coity Shilling!.

TO THE CLERK. /. d. s. d.

For entering every Cause - o 6 I o

For issuing every Summons .... o 6 I o

For every Subpoena ...... o 6 I o

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the \

Court ----- J 0 3

For every hearing or Trial ----- o 6 I o

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant - ° 3 o 6

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree o 6 I o

"For a Nonsuit - - - I o 2 0

For every Search in the Books or Minutes ° 3 o 6

For paying Money into Court in full ... o 6 I o

If by Instalments I o 2 O

For taking Money out of Court . . - - I 0 a o

Tor acknowledging Satisfaction on the Clerk’s Books I o 2 O

For every Attachment ----- I o 3 O

For every Execution ----- I o 2 O

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Insult'j

or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Com- > 1 0 a o

missioners, Clerk, or Officers of the Court - J

TO THE CRIER.

For calling every Cause - o a ° 3

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant O 2 ° 3

For every Hearing ----- 0 3 o 4

For every Nonsuit ----- o 4 o 6

TO THE SERJEANT:

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Sub-)

poena within the Borough or Parish of Boston - J

If out of the Borough or Parish of Boston Four 1

Pence more for every Mile - - - - J

For Executing every Attachment, Execution, or J

Warrant against the Body or Goods - - / 4 0

If out of the Borough or Parish of Boston Four 1

Pence for every Mile. - - - - J

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delin-

quest to Prison, Eight Pence for every Mile > .

distant from the Place of Arrest to such Prifojx - J

47° OGEORGII III. Self 1. Cap. 1. tj

And the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang up and affix, or cause to be hung up and affixed, a 1 able of all such fees, in some conspicuous Place of tite said Court or Place of Meeting of the said Commissioners, in order that all Persons concerned may peruie the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages Debts due to or other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of

Five Pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book- '

keeper. Journeyman, Shopman, Shop woman, Affii'hmt, l.abourer, or any other Person whatsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwcman, Affitlant, Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court, in the fa e Manner as if he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissioners present in the said Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of, and proceed in, all causes concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have such and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, were of full Age.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom-Time of Im-soever, who shall be committed to any Gaol or Prison by Order of the pufonment of said Court, for any Debt or Debts, shall be kept or continued in Custody,

on any Pretence whatsoever (except in the Cases herein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her, or1 their Commitment o Prison, than is or are herein-after limited in that Behalf; (that is to say) where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then, he, (lie, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of the Costs) is above Twenty Shillings and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debt ex. lufive of the Costs) is above Three Pounds and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and wh re the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Four Pounds and does not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Gaols or Prisons are hereby directed and required to discharge iuen Persons accordingly.

XXXII. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons sum If any Debtor moned for Debts to the said Court from the fraudulent Concealment of conceal* their Money or Goods, be it further enacted, 'that in case upon the y^lluie Summons of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court Time of hi* Information of any such Practice shall be given, such Court shall have Imprisonment Power to hear Evidence as to such fraudulent Concealment, and in case it shall be ea' shall be proved, to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of One or more larSea-Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administerl that any such Debtor has Money or Goods which he or she has

wiltully and fraudulently concealed, then, and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment to any Period in Addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

[Loc. Vfer.]

i8

The Time of Imprisonment to extend fe-pa ately and luce-efluely for each Execution.

Delators not liable to pay Gaol Fees.

Two Justices may deter mine such Offence.

47’ GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 1.

XXXtII. And be it Anther enacted, That all ind every Per ion and Persons who (halt be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any-Piocds issuing from or cut of the said Court of Requests, and who at the Time of his, her, or their being: taken into Custody, cr during his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall have more than one Execution agairic him, her, or them in the said Court, shall be imprisoned the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of such Execution; and after thte Time so limited in the fir (I Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the oecond Execution shall commence, and after the Time so limited on the Second Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the Third Execution shall commence, and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of each separate I xecutioa to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Itn-prisonment; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notvuthstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act shall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of imprisonment be discharged and set at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaols, or others, by way of Gaol f ees or Discharge Fees, or on any othe. Pretence whaftoev'T; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaols, or any Person whomsoever, shall demand, rake, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid. or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any 1 wo Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of llo/Ln, or the Parts of Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, within their rirspective JurisdictioP?, to hear and determine every such Offence; and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of such Offence having- been committed (in case such Information (Itall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to fiunmon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon due Prcof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary ConfeflioR of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus if any) afer deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture and the Calls and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in enfe luffident Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or

O.lenders to any Common Gaol or Flo the of Correction for the said Borough or P’Pts of Hofl.tr.d in the county of -Lincoln, for any lime not exceeding Three Calendar Mouths, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Ooft-s and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and

*9

47* GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap. i.

discharged; and one Moiety of fuel1. Penalty or Forfeiture, v hen pS-d or received, shall be paid to the Person or p; rfons informing; or filing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the find Goftt-missioners, and the far e shall be by the said Commissioners d.i ributtd amongst the Poor of the said Borough, and the fevt-ral Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction. of the said Court of: Requeflr, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall ieem right and proper.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant or Serjeants, or other Officer or Officers of the said Court, employed to serve any Exccu-tior., shall by wilful Neglect, Omission. or Connivance, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried awry and hcreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon C< ir.plaint and due Prooi thereof made? upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Wiinets or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which such Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the lame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of their Debts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner and they are hereby enabled to impose any Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, on such Serjeant or Serjeants, Officer or Officers, and such Fine, if not forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distirefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Elands and Seals of the said Commissioners rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing such. Fdje and the Costs and Charges of such Distreis and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Serjeant, or Crier, or any other Officer or Servant appointed for the Purposes <?f this Act, shall exact take, or accept any f ee or Reward whatsoever, other than and except liuch Fees as are appointed and allowed to them respectively fey virtue of this Act for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever, relative to putting this Act in Execution, every such Person so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof before the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, or upon Verdict or Judgement being had againfc him in iffch Afiion as next hereinafter mentioned, be for ever incapable of serving or being employed tinder this Act in any Office of Profit or Emolument, and shall over ana above

i forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person or Person s who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed; in tvhjcn Suit no Essoign, Protection,

or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Glerk or Serjeant of the said Court shall neglect to issueor serve any Summons in the due or proper Time for serving the fame, or shall be guilty of any Neglect or M /behaviour, or other wise misconduct.himrelf in the Execution »f his Office, then ana in every such Case, upon Complaint made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered in open

Court

Serjeant neg. lefting his Duty to pay the Debt.

Officers talc, ing any Fee beftdes the Fees all i wed by the Ati;

or if Clerk

or Serjeants shall neglect to issue out or serve Summonies in pro. per Time, or

Ponidiing Witness not attending if summofted.

may be fuf-

rao,ecL Neglect, Mist>chuviour, or Mleoryduct, it (ha II ami may be lawful to and for the fai i Com niffi liters, and they are hereby empowered to suspe.ni or remove the fuidCLrk, or Serjeant or Serjeants, lo offending, trom his or their said Office or Offices.

X X

XVIII. And be it furrlier enacted, That in case any Person or Persons redding or bepik within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after having been duly served with a Subpoena or Summons to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, and paid or tendered his or her re.ffouable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence, at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shal neglect to refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, d ie Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and qo u.ficiem Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-appeayance being shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court, and Oath being made be ore the said Commissioners by the Party or Parties at whole Inilance aid on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith was or were a Witness or Witnesses by such arty or Parti s judged necessary for the Proof of his, her, or their Cause or causes, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to impose any Fine, not exceeding l ive Pound's, on such Person or Persons; and in case such Fine shall not be paid forthwith, such Fine shall and may b; levied by Distress and oale of the Goods ?tnd Chattels of the Offender or (offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and seals of the said Commissioners rendering the Overplus (if any) after dedu cing such Fine, and the Coils and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Inilance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons shall have been issued; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found it shall and may be lawtul to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction in and for the said Borough, or for the Parts of Holland in the fai l County of Lincoln, for any Pune not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

Pmifliing

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon Perfoi's guil- Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners, in any ty of Perjury. ^.g;onj Cause, or Matter depending in the said Court of hequests, or before any Justice or Indices of the Peace acting in execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence or shall wilfully and corruptly swear any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and he is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes, in foice and effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

tr Si* And,

21

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

XL. And, for better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Penalty on Time to be made by the said Commissioners, and veiling the Commissioners 0

of the said Court of Requests with Power and Authority to pimish any Insult or Abuse offered themselves or the Officers of the said Court; be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall insult or abuse all or any of the Commissioners or Officers of the said Court of Requests for the Times being, during their Sitting in the said Court, or in going to or returning from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any Time insult or abuse, hinder or obstruct, cr attempt or threaten to hinder or obfl;ru£t, any Officer of the said Court in the Execution of his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners then fitting (or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be thenafter held) to cause a Warrant to be iflfued by the Clerk of the said Court, directing the Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause the Person or Persons so offending to be apprehended and taken, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Boston, or the Parts of Holland in the County of Lincoln, and upon the Fa& alledged being proved by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses again)I the Person accused, the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered and required to punish the Person or Persons so offending by Fine not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any A£Hon or Suit for any Debt yerJ^se‘n recoverable (by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requefijs shall be Courts for,) commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the saidf Debts reco- Court of Requests, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs «rable in in such Action or Suit shall not by Reason of a Verdict for him, her, or them, orotheiwife have or be entitled to any Colls whatsoever; and if the ;f°verdia

Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action of for Defen-Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard dant shall shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been rtcovered in the’ CostT'^ said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case such Defendant oil ° Defendants shall have Costs, and such Remedy for recovering the lame.' No Proceed-as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in ings to be re* any Cases by Law; and no Action or Suit which shall be commenced of prosecuted in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor any Courvex*' Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court', cept, &c. except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in Cases where the Defendant or Defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her) or their Effects, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after a Decree or Judgement, by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, but every such Decree and Judgement shall be final and conclusive be- Nothing tween the Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, herei" con’ that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so any

as to prevent or restrain any Person from distraining for any Rent Or Person from Arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the Sum of Five draining Pounds. t°r Rent.

Xi.II. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due Where Debt and owing, or demanded,'from any Two or more Persons jointly, by dae fror) reason oron account of such Persons being Partners in Trade or otherwise lum'

jointly concerned, Service of such Summons as aforesaid on any One of of°them shall such Partners or Persons, or left at his, her, or their last usual Place or be Efficient. ' [Lk. Per.] F Places

22

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. i.

Places of Abode, Warehouse, Lod jingj Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or w irking, shall be as good and fa If dent as if e ch of such Partners or Persons were separatfely fuinnaoned is aforesaid.

Statute of Li-rai.ations shall be pleaded.

XLIII. And for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the said Court of Requests, it is hereby further fnafted and declared, That all Defendants in the said Court dial I be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations in force and effect; and every Defendant To pleading or claiming, shall have and receive such and the like Advantage and Relief thereby, as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he, she, or they had been sued for the fame Debt, or other Cause of Action, in atly of ILis Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or any other Cou;t, and had there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

Recovery '

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or ForFeitiirdS' by and Applica- virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering'whereof tion o l enal- j- not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, (which Warrant such Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant upon the Confefliort of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath'; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to , t*he Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting such Fines and c , Penalties, and the.Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the ' v'. up Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered r if hot herein-'-nrT'’ ‘ before directed. to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the said Borough and the fe-vCral Papfhcs and Plaetes within the Juriscliftion of the said' Court of Requests, in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think right and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Steals to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Borough, Or for the Parts of Holland in the County of Lincoln, there to remain without Bail or Mam-prize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Reco-,yery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Form of Con-

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where ahy Conviction. tion shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following'; (that is to say)

DE it remembered. That on this ' *: Day of

‘ , in the Year of the Reign of

A.B. is convicted before

‘ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Boston [or,

‘ before

47° GEORGII Hi. Sess. 2. Cap. i. 23

before of IJfy, Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parts of

‘ Holland in the County of Lincoln Ter, before

£ of the Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within

‘ the Borough and Parish of Bo/ton, and the Hundreds of Skirbcck and

K\rton fpxcegt the Parishes oiGoJbertm and Surfleet in the County of

Lincoln, of having \_as the Cjfence shall b'lJ and I [or, We] the said

do adjudge him [her, or, them] to for-

‘ feit and pay for the fame, such Offence being contrary to the Provisions ‘ of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act\ the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal j[or, our Hands

and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Dirt refs shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress iifelf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fume be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Deleft or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating' thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties detraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on accoum of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe. 1

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessmeftt, Proceeding or Judgement, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning any of rot to be the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of tiny ^antoffor, Offender or Offenders again!! this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for or be'remov-want of Form only, or be removed ot removable by Certiorari, or by any able by Cer-other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Re- tioran-cord at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall Plaintiffs not recover in any Action to be commenced again!!: any Person or Persons for to recover any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing Ilia 11 ^e Rafter-have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Forty-two Days betoie Tender oi such Action be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the At- Amende, torney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of tire Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings,

Order, and Judgement frail be made and given in and by such Courts, as in other Actions where the Deiendaiit is allowed to pay Money into Coi-rt.

XLK?!. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation frail be commenced again!! any Person or Persons for any Thing done in of Actions.

purl'uanee

Distress not to be unlawful for want of Form.

2* 47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. i.

pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Lincoln, and not elf'ewheTe; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Forty two Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

ins*-*' to"* i o * ': *\ IL*' */ v *> *»*.! Ol Y- Yi:i; Yt'I

[Publick Act.]

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807,

is*-*)*

Cap. 2-

An Act for construcling a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent.

[25th July 1 ^07.]

WHEREAS by building a Pier and other necessary Works, a safe and commodious Harbour might be formed at or near the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent, which would be of great Benefit and Convenience as well to the Inhabitants of the said Town and its Vicinity, as also to Merchants and all other Persons trading to and from the said Town, or elsewhere in the Channel, by affording Shelter and Protection to Vessels in strong Southerly Winds, and thereby be of great public Utility: And whereas a Survey and Plan have been made by a lkilful and experienced Engineer of the said intended Harbour, and the Estimate for the Formation of the said Pier, and other necessary Works, amounts to the Sum or Twenty one thousand nine hundred and five Pounds: And whereas the Right Honourable 'Jacob Earl of Radnor, as Lord of the Hundred, Barony, or Royalty of Folkestone, is entitled to or qlaims divers Rights and Privileges hereinafter mentioned, which might impede the Scheme of making the said Harbour; but for the Benefit of the Undertaking, and for the Considerations hereinafter mentioned, is minded, for hitoftlf, his Heirs and Assigns, to waive and surrender such Rights and Privileges from the Time the said Harbour shall be completed, for and during such Times hereafter as it shall continue to be used as hereinafter is provided, and to permit certain Rocks, Stones, and other Materials belonging to him and them, to be used in the Construction and Repair thereof: But such beneficial Purposes cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parl'ament; mav it therefore please Your Majesty [Lqc. is? Per.'] G that

26

C' mpany to be a B dy

C-rjK.rate.

Common Seal

M de of suing, See.

Pr priet rs to raise M ney f r making the iiarb.ur.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Conftnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable William Folic-Jlone, commonly called Lord Viscount Foliestone, Sir Henry Oxendon, Baronet, the Mayor of Foliestone for the Time being, the Steward of the Hundred of Foliestone for the time being, Henry Mcckefon, William Maciefon, Henry Major, David Major, Stephen Penfold, and Stephen Penfold junior, together with such other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, as shall at any Time hereafter be possessed of One or more Share or Shares of or in the said Harbour, Pier, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works to be construed and made by virtue of or under the Authority of this Act, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Assigns, and Successors, shall be and they are hereby united into and declared to be a Company for the eonflrufting, erecting, building, making, doing, maintaining, repairing, and supporting a Harbour, Pier, Quays, Wharfs, and such other Works, Requisites, Matters, and Things, as shall or may be necessary for the completing of the said Harbour, and the Accommodation of the Vessels lying the rein, and for the other Purposfs of this Act, according to the Directions, and subject to the several Provisoes, Regulations, and Restrictions hereinafter contained; and shall for those i'urposes be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Style of 41 The Folkestone Harbour Company," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal; and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, to raise and contribute amongst themselves, a competent Sum of Money for making and maintaining the said Harbour and Pier, and all the Ways, Roads, Quays, Wharfs, and all other Works and Conveniencies belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding in the whole Twenty-two thousand Pounds (save and except as herein mentioned) and that the same shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and that the said Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons so subscribing, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Harbour, Pier, Quays, Wharf's, and other Works, and other the Purposes of the said Undertaking, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and Nett Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Rates and Duties, and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors, by the Authority of this Act, after

ti die

V.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

the several Disbursements and Payments herein-afrer resp.edively provided; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Person and Persons having fuclrProperty in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pav a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame, in Manner herein directed and appointed, not exceeding Fifty Pounds for each respective Share.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons, of and in the said Undertaking, or the joint Stock or Fund of the said Company, shall be and be deemed to be Personal Fflate, and transtniflible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Three-fourths of the said Company of Proprietors of the Shares aforesaid, at any Special Meeting to be appointed and held in Manner hereinafter mentioned, to authorize and empower the Directors to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, to create, fell, and dispose of any Number of New Shares not exceeding One hundred and Fifty, of and in the said Harbour, to such Person or Persons and in such Manner as they shall think proper, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such new Shares shall be, and shall be considered, deemed, and taken to be a Member or Members of the said Company of Proprietors, in the same Manner as if he, (Ire, or they had been a Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the original Shares of and in the said Harbour,

V. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and every Person who shall, by virtue of this Act, have subscribed f. r One Share in the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have a Vote in the several Meetings of the said Subscribers, to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, for every such Share, which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his or her Proxies or Proxy, constituted under the Seal of such Body Politick or Collegiate, or the Hand of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking; and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal had voted in Person; and every Question, Matter, or Thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed, or considered in any Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, which Appointment of Proxy may be in the Form or to the Effed following; (that is to say),

I A.B. of one of the Proprietors of the Folke-

1 stone Harbour, and possessed of Shares therein, do hereby

nominate, constitute, and appoint C.D. of

to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Absence to vote or give my

Assent or Dissent to any Business, Matter, or Thing, relating to the said ( Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed to any Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, in such Manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and Judgement, for the Be.

nefit

Shares to Personal Estate,

Power to create 150 new Shares*

Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share.

Form of Appointment of t’roxy.

28

Power for Directors to call for Accounts,

and to make Calls on Proprietors at limited Periods.

Persons refusing to comply with such Calls, to for feit Twenty Shillings for every Share;

and if refilling, for Three Calendar Months to forfeit all Jrterefl in the Undertaking.

4- GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

( nefit of the said Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. ‘ In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand, the Day of

c One thousand eight hundred and

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, Tall have Power, from 'J'ime to lime, to call for all Accounts of Monies laid cut and disbursed for the Purposes of this Act. by the Receivers and other Off ers and Felons employed under the Authority of this Act, and to make such Call or Cahs for Monty from the Lid Subscribers, their Executors, Admii.iiirators, and Assigns, according to the Amount of their respective Subscriptions, f r the Purpose of defraying the Charges and Expences in, about, or relating to the procuring and passing of this Act, and in the next Place the Expences of carrying on the Works authorized or directed by this Act to be done, as by them, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time be found wanting and necessary for thos? Purposes; so that no Cali shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for every Fifty Pounds on the Sum or Sums so subscribed; and so that no more than Three such Calls be nude in any one Year, and Ten Days Notice at the least shall be given of a'l such Calls, by Adver-tisement in one or more Newspaper or Nvwfpapers circulated in the said County of Kent, and in such other Manner as the said Directors may think proper, which Money so called for. Tail be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Directors Tall from Time to Time appoint or order, for the Use of the said Undertaking; and the Owner or Owners of such Stock Tall pay his, her or their Proportion or Proportions of the Monies called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such Marnier, as Tall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Tail neglect or refuse to pay his, htr, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, or Parts or Shares, of the said Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Directors, the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, Tall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Fifty Pounds of his, her or their respective Subscription or Stock, or Part and Interest in the said Undertaking and Premises; and in every such Case the said Company Tall and they a: e hereby empowered to lue for and recover in any Court or Courts of Law or 1 quity. with Treble Costs, every or any such Part or Parts thereof so neglected or re full d to be paid; and in case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Tall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, or Parts or Shares, of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time of any of the respective Times of Payment thereof appointed as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the fame may be sued for and recovered by the said Company of Proprietors as lad herein-before is mentioned; or otherwise, at the Option of the said Directors, or of any Five or mote of them, the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so neglecting to pay the fame, Tall forfeit all his, her, or their, respective Stock, or Parts and Intereds in the said Undertaking and Premises; all which Forfeitures Tall go to and for the Benefit of the red of the said Proprietors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, holding for the Time being Shares of the said Stock, in proportion to their respective Shares and Intereds.

' 47° GEORGII III. Sell* 2. Cap. 2. 29

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Advantage shall N‘> Advan-be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Stock, or of any Part thereof, until after Notice in Writing of such Forfeiture shall have been previously given or Notice. left by some Officer of the said Company, to or with the Owner or Owners of such Stock, or left at his, her, or their usual or lait known Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the said C.empany, to be held within Six Calendar Months next alter such Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and in case of such Forfeiture, the same shall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting his or her Stock, Part, and Interest as aforesaid, against all and every Action or Actions, Suits or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the rest of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the said Works.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Representa-subscribing or holding any Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, tivesofPer-shall die before any such Call or Calls shall have been made, for the full / pro. Sum to be advanced on the Sum or Sums so subscribed for, or which he, vjf,on being ffie, or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to at the Time of his, made for the her, or their Decease, without having made Provision determined by Will or other- fame)charged wife, in Writing, how the Money Hull be paid upon the futute Calls, tllerew'th' then and in every such Case the Executors or Administrators of every such

Owner or Owners leaving Assets, shall be chargeable in respect of such Calls, as for the Debts of such Testator or Intestate; or in case the Executors or Administrators, or Person or Persons entitled to the Personal Estate of such Testator or Intestate, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Three Calendar Months to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be at liberty, and are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of such Owner or Owners so deceased, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Adtnini-trators of such deceased Owner or Owners, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, in his, her, or their Lifetime, by Notice of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares of such Stock, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the above can be sold for, first deducting the Penalties that may have been incurred.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons so as aforesaid j- - y . subscribing towards carrying the said Work into Execution, or any Forty- of the Com-S five or more of them, shall meet together at the House of the said Earl, pany. called Fbe Ciftcrn House, situate in the Town of Folkejione aforesaid, within Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, of which Meeting, and the Hour thereof, Ten Days Notice shall be given by the Mayor of Folkejione in One or more of the Kentish Newspapers, and by Writing to be affixed on the Guildhall of the said Town, signed by the Mayor of Folkejione \ and that such Persons so assembled, possessed of, or being Proxits for not lei's than One hundred and fifty Shares as aforesaid, shall and may proceed to put this Act in Execution , and that all subsequent Meetings of the said Company shall consist of Thirty-five of the said Company iLtc.&Ptr.] H at

5*

Power to appoint Auditors.

Power to ap.

pointOfficers

47° GEORGII III. Sell: 2. Cap.*.

nt lead, and shall be held at such Time and Place, or such Times and Places, within the said Town of Folkestone, as shall from Time to Time be ascertaintd at feme preceding General Meeting, so that no such Meet- ing shall be held at less than Fifteen Days from the Appointment thereof; and that Notice of such respective subsequent Meetings liiall be in Writing, signed by Fifteen or more of the said Company, or their Clerk or Treasurer (herein-after directed to be appointed) by tlmir Order, and a Copy or Copies thereof shall be affixed on the Guildhall aforesaid, and inserted in one or more Kentish Newspaper or Newspapers Ten Days at least (including both Days) before such intended Meetings respectively; and that all such Orders and Determinations of a General Meeting of the said Company as shall be authorized by this Act, which shall be made by the Majority of Votes and Proxies of the said Company at any such Meetings respectively held by virtue of this Act, and not otherwise, shall be binding and conclusive on all the Members of the said Company

X. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of the said Company at their First and every other subsequent Annual Meeting, shall and they are hereby required to name and appoint Two Persons to audit and settle the Accounts of the said Company, jointly with the Steward of the Hundred of Folkestone or his Deputy for the Time being, and that such Two Persons so to be appointed, together with the Steward of the Hundred of Tolkejiant or his 13eputy for the Time being, shall be and are hereby declared to be Auditors for the Purpose of inspecting and auditing the Accounts of the said Directors, and of the several Officers to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act; and that such Accounts so to be allowed, audited, and fttlled by the said Auditors, shall be signed by them, and a Copy thereof shall be, by the Clerk of the said Company, from Time to Time, delivered to the said Earl of Radnor, his Heirs or Assigns, when required by him or them, or on his or their Behalf.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietors present at the Firff Meeting of the said Company, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or C.olledors, Receiver or Receivers, Harbour Maher, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall find necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and to appoint others in their Stead, as they shall die, be removed, or become incapable of discharging the Duties of their Offices respectively, taking such Security or Securities for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices as the said Directors, or the Majority of them, shall from Time to Time think fit, which said several Officers shall not enter upon their said Offices until Notice shall be given to such Officers respectively by the said Directors, requiring them to ad therein respectively; and the said Directors shall from thenceforth, out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay or allow unto such Person or Persons such Salaries, Allowances, or Recompences, yearly or otherwise, for their Time and Trouble, as to them shall ieem meet and reasonable; and that it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time for the Directors, at any Meeting, at which more than Seven Directors shall be present, to remove or ful'pend any such Officers as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case the said Earl of Radnor, his Heirs or Assigns, shall signify his Disapprobation of such

Officer

31

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

Officer or Officers, within Twenty-one Days after he or they shall be nominated and cholen as aforesaid, in Writing, to the said Mayor for the Time being, that then another Meeting or Meetings of the said Company, or of the said Directors, shall be holden for the Nomination of fonre other Person or Persons to fill fitch Office or Offices of him or them to disapproved of as aforesaid, and so toties quo ties until proper Persons shall be nominated and approved of by the said Earl of Radnor, his Heirs and Assigns, in Manner herein-before mentioned,

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors at Election of the First or any Annual Meeting, to be holden on the Second Wedrufday Chairman, in the Month of April in every Year, or at any extraordinary Meeting of the said Company, shall and may proceed to the Election and Appointment of a Chairman, by whom all Acts and Orders of the said Meetings shall be signed in the Name and Style of the said Company, and such Chairman shall have the fame Right of voting and of acting as a Proxy, as any other Proprietor; and he shall allb, in case ot an 'Equality o( Votes upon any Question proposed or discussed, have the calling er deciding Vote, although he shall have given one or more Votes before. Vote."

XIII. And be it further enacted, That within Two Calendar Months For appoint-from the passing of this Act, a Board of Directors, confiding of Thirteen ingaBiiardof Persons, shall be nominated and appointed for conducting and managing m^3,r°rtShe° the Adairs and Business of the said Company, which Board of Direc- Affairs of the tors shall confid of the Mayor of the said Town of Folkcjlone, or his Company. Deputy for the Time being, and the Steward of the said Hundred of Folkejhne, or his Deputy lor the Time being, and Eleven Proprietors in the said Undertaking, of whom Eight shall be Residents of the said Town, but not intereded in the Works carrying on; and the remaining Three may he non-resident, to be chosen by Ballot by and out of the several Persons subscribing towards the said Undertaking assembled at such Meeting, such Persons lad mentioned to be respectively possessed of at lead Two Shares (of Fifty Pounds each) of the said Capital Stock; and that they the said Directors shall and may meet at such Place or Places within the said Town of Folkestone, and at such Time or Times as the major Part of such Directors present, not being less than Five, shall deem convenient for executing the Powers veded in them by this Act; and such Directors so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall continue in Office until others shall be chosen in their Stead as herein-after mentioned, or until such Person or Persons shall respectively die, or decline to act, or until any of the Persons who shall have been so chosen as Directors from atnongd the Members of the said Company subscribing towards the said Stock, shall have disposed of his, her, or their Shares and Intered in the said Stock, so as to reduce the lame to less than Two Shares in the said Stock; and in the Room and Place of every such Director or Directors so as aforesaid appointed by the Subscribers to the said Undertaking, who shall die, decline to act, or dispose of his or their Stock as aforesaid, there shall be appointed, out of the Subscribers to the said Undertaking, by the Majority of the said Subscribers attending at a Special Meeting of the said Company (to be called for that Pur-10 pose.

32 47° GEORGII III. fe, T. 2. Cap. 2

pose, of which the Directors for the Time being are hereby required to give Ten Days Notice, in the Manner before directed with respect to the First Meedug of the said Company of Proprietors; one other Person or Persons to fill up the Vacancy of such Director or Directors, and that each succeeding Mayor shall take the Situation and fill the Office of Director of his Predecessor; and the several new Director or Directors so as aforesaid to be elected and appointed, shall continue in Office for such lime or respjctive Times, and no longer, as the Director or Directors in whose Stead he or they shall be so respectively elected or appointed, ought to have continued in Office, if such Death or Deaths, Removal or Disqualification, had not happened.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Directors to be appointed as herein-before menuoned, together with those who shall be chosen in the Room of any such Director who shall die, decline to act, or become disqualified as aforesaid, shall continue to be Directors and Managers for conducting and managing the Affairs and Business of the said Company, until the Works herein-after directed to be carried into Execution, shall be formed and made fit for the Recepdon of Shipping; and that within one Year after the said Works shall be made and formed, Four at least of the said Directors (not being the Mayor and Steward aforesaid) shall go out of Office, and Four others (not being the Mayor and Steward aforesaid) shall in Rotauon on the First Wednesday in October in every succeeding Year, go out of Office; and in order to ascertain the Rotadon or regular Turn of going out of Office, the Directors who are to go out of Office shall be ascertained and known by drawing Lots for that Purpose, at any Meeting of the said Directors, in such fair and proper Manner as the said Directors shall in their Discretion agree to and approve or; and the Vacancies occasioned by their going out of Office, shall be filled up at the General Annual Meeting of the said Company, in the same Manner as the Directors first herein menuoned are directed to be chosen.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Person the Office of or Persons who hath or have l'erved the Office of Director, shall and Directers may, notwithstanding such Service, if otherwise properly qualified, be gMetobc're- eligible to be re-elected into the said Office.

elected.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors at their

Chairman several Meetings for executing this Act, shall elect a Chairman, by whom by Directors, all Acts and Orders of the said Directors shall be signed, in the Name and Style of the said Company, and who shall have the calling Vote upon any Question to be determined, in such and the same Manner as any Chairman herein-before mentioned, to be appointed byk the said Proprietors at any Annual or Special Meeting of the said Company.

A General

XVII. And be it further enacted, That one General Meeting of the held'"carl0 Company, shall be held on the Third Wednesday in April in every ' *r!' Year, at the Cistern House before mentioned, or at such other Place as may be appointed by the Subscribers, and such Notices thereof shall be respectively given and fixed up as aforesaid.

For appointing Directors in Cases of Death, &c.

Persons who have fervtd

47° GEORGII III. Sess. s. Cap. 2. 33

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Members of the said For calling Company of Proprietors, who shall together be Possessors of Eighty

Shares of the said Stock, or upwards, or any Five of the said Board of [/necessary. Directors, shall judge it necessary or expedient for carrying into Execution any of the Purposes of this Act, or for calling in quession any Matter or Thing ordered by the Directors, to have an extraordinary General Meeting of the said Company called, and shall request the same to be called, by Notice in Writing under their respective Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being, specifying in every such Notice the Business intended to be proceeded on at such Meeting, then and in every such Case the Direffors to be appointed as aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, within Three Days after the Delivery of such Notice, to call such extraordinary Meeting (of which extraordinary Meeting Notice shall be given in Manner herein before directed respeffc-ing ordinary Meetings) to assemble at such Place as aforesaid, as they shall judge expedient, within Fifteen Days from and after such Notice, and such Meeting shall be deemed a General Meeting of the said Company; and all Proceedings of such Meetings shall be deemed as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been done at Meetings called and holden in the Manner herein-before appointed

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Accounts of Money laid out Accounts of and disbursed on account of the said Harbour, Pi.r, Wharfs, and other 'v'oney to be Works thereunto belonging, by the said Company, or by the said Direc- '»‘d]>e^0 etiie tors, or by the Treasurers or Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers ap- u pointed for executing this Act, or by any other Person or Persons whom-

soever, employed by, or concerned for or under them, in and about the said Harbour, Pier, Wharfs, or other Works thereto belonging, shall annually be laid before the several Persons who shall be appointed to inspect, audit, and settle the fame, in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and sharesmav far the several Proprietors of the said Company, his, her, or their l ^ective be fold. Executors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares

to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Efiedt following:

I A.B. of in Consideration of

paid to me by C.D. of

do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C.D. One Share

ror, Two or more Shares, as ibe Case may be] of the Capital Stock of

‘ the Folkejhne Harbour Company, being Number to hold

‘ to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject ‘ to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions ‘ that I neld the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and

I (he said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share [or,

‘ Shares j of the said Capital Stock, subject to the fame R ules, Orders,

Redactions, and Conditions. As Witness our Hands and Seals, the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And on every such Sale, th# Taid Deed of Conveyance being execute d \Loc. y Per.] / by

34- 4-7° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 2.

by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, shall be kepi by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company shall have entered in a proper Book or Books for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have teltified or indorsed the I'.niry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Traiisfer, for which no more than Five Shillings shall be paid, and the said Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Intereh for such Share or Shares paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in respect. thereof as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking,

Regulations

XXI. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent Change as to the Ac- of ty,e Right and Title to the Shares of and in the said Undertaking, by the Sh re°"y° Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and it may be difficult in such Cases to

Marriage; ascertain to whom the Dividends arising or becoming due upon such

Shares ought to be paid and do belong; be it therefore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons claiming any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Right of Marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, or the Effect of such Register, shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before a Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent; and the said Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, andjultice of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks lor the Entry of Transfers and Sales of by Will, or in shares in the said Undertaking; and before any Person or Persons claim-^ ing any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue mini ra ion. atly ReqUeft or Will, or in a Course of Adminilt ration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said V. ill, or the Probate Copy thereof, shall be produced and fnewn to the said Clerk, or an Affidavit, containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, shall be made and sworn to by an Executor or Executors of such Will, or by an Administrator or Administratois of the Estate and Effects (as the Case may happen to be) before a Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, and shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall file and enter the fame in Manner hereinbefore mentioned.

Names of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and Proprietors they are hereby required to cause the Names, and proper Additions of and Certlfi- ‘ ^le Persons who shall be entitled to the several Shaves in the said cate delivered Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are respectively envy them. titled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and diilinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company, and afier such Entry

made.

47° G E Q, RGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

made, the said Company shall cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Real of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled to in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company Five Shillings and no more, for every such Certificate or Instrument (exclusive of the Stamp Duty thereon); and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein spe-eified.

35

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of power to Proprietors shall deem it expedient to borrow Money for the Purpose of mortgage the enabling them t^ carry on the Works aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful Harbour and to and for them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Unties.

Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties of the said Harbour, any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall deem necessary for effectuating the Purposes of this Act not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds, and to demise, grant, bargain, and fell the Property of the said Harbour, and the Capital Stock therein, and the Tolls, Rents, and Duties arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act (the Costs and Charges of preparing such Demise or Demises to be paid out of such Tolls, Rate--, and Duties) as a Stcurity for any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, which said Demise or Demises shall be made and granted under the Seal of the said Company, and in the Name and Style of the said Company, signed by the Chairman of the said Directors, present at the Meeting at which the said Money shall be borrowed, and may be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

4 T>Y virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year ‘ of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act] W e. The lolhcjtone Harbour Company, incorporated by and under the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of ‘ advanced and paid to us by A. B of

‘ do hereby demise, grant, bargain, and fell unto the said A.B. his Exe-‘ cutors, Administrators, and Alligns, the aforesaid Harbour and Build-

mgs belonging the reunto, and all and singular the Rates, Rents, and

Duties payable to us by virtue of the said Act, and all our Right, Title,

‘ and Interest, of, in, and to the fame, to be holden by the said A. B.

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of

with the legal Inrereft thereof, shall be fully

satisfied and paid. In Witness whereof we have to these Presents caused our Seal, Name, and Style to be put, the Day of

4 One thousand eight hundred and

Which said Demise in Form aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual for securing the Re-payment of the Money therein mentioned, as any Mortgage or Demise drawn in any other Manner, and shall be construed equitably by all Courts according to the Intent thereof.

36 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

m’^transfer XXIV; And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Mortgages'/ an4 ^or ^lc Person or Persons to whom any such Demise or Demises shall be made as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein to any Person or Persons, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, which may be in the Form or to the Effect following; (videlicet)

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

paid to me by C.D. of

do hereby assign and transfer the Demise made by

to me, bearing Date the

Day of for securing the Sum of

and Interest, and I also assign and transfer all my Right and Property

therein, and to the said Sum of Pounds and Interest, to

the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. In Witness

whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, the Day

£ of One thousand eight hundred and

Demifei and

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such Demises and Transfers beentered° enterec^> or a Memorial thereof made, in the Book or Books of the said Company, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, and he or they shall also indorse on such Demises and Transfer a Memorandum of such Entry or Memorial; and until such Entry or Me mcrial be made of such Demises and Transfers, and such Indorsements made thereon, the same shall not be valid or effectual.

Interest of

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money Monies raised which shall be raised or borrowed by virtue of this Act, shall be from fore'r/iv'/ bC~ Time to Time provided for and paid to the Person or Persons entitled to dends. receive the same, prior to the making of any Dividends to the said Proprietors.

Notice to be

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company

fdortgagees fl»U at any Time desirous of paying off and discharging any Sum or to receive Sums of Money borrowed as aforesaid, they shall and are hereby required their Money, and directed to cause Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing, signed by their Clerk or Clerks, of such their Intention, to be given to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, unless such Person or Persons shall consent to receive the same without such Notice; and every Mortgagee or Assignee,

*o°vftgh" his> her’

or their Executors or Administrators, who shall require Pay-hke Notice ment Pr^nc'Pa! Sum or Sums of Money due to him, her, or them,

when they re- shall give unto the Treasurer of the said Company, at any Annual or Spe-quire their cial Meeting, Six Calendar Months Notice of the Day on which the fame be°paidl° fl12^ required to be paid.

Officers to

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Treassurers, Harbour account. Master, Collector, Clerk, and all other Officers or Servants to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall at such Time, and as often as the said Directors shall order, render to them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of the Execution of their respective Offices, and of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have

47° GEORGII III. SeTI.2, Cap. 2.

have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes’ of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and dilburfod, and for what Purposes, together with proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their Hands to the said Directors, qr to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and such Officers or Servants so accounting shall, if required by the said Directors, verify their Accounts respectively upon Oath, which any one of the said Directors is hereby empowered to administer; and if any such Officer or Servant shall ref life or neglect ip render such Account, or to produce such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Thirty Days after being the reunto required by the said Directors, or by such Person or Persons so appointed, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or of their respective Offices, or Duplicates thereof, or shall refuse to verify such Accounts upon Oath as aforesaid, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid the said Directors, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make Complaint thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Servant so neglecting or refuting shall be or reside, and such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Servant to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Wimbles upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected and raised by Virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of, or shall be due from any such Officer or Servant, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Servant; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels to pav and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, and of the Proceedings for Recovery thereof, cannot be found; or if it shall appear to such Justice, that such Officer or Servant hath refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Receipts and Vouchers, relating thereto, or to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or Duplicates thereof, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction-for the County, Town, or Place where he shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall comply with the aforesaid Directions, or make Satisiaction to the said Company; but no such Officer or Servant who shall be so.committed for want of sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid only, shall be detained in Prison, by virtue of this Act, lor a longer Term than Sfx Calendar Months.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors from Time.to Time to make, frame, ordain, and establifla such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as they shall think fit for the good Government of the said Company, and the Clerks, A [Loc. ft? Per.] K Colfoftors’

33

Power to build a Pier.

47T1EOIIGII III. Sel.2. Cap. 2.

Collectors, Treasurer, Harbour Mailer, Officers, AlMants, Servants? and others, appointed or employed under or by virtue of this Act, and for the better regulating the said Harbour, and the mooring and Rationing of Vessels therein, and for the well governing, ordering, and managing of the Officers and Crews of such Vessels, and the Boatmen, Servants, and others employed therein or belonging thereto, and for the Relief and Aflillance of the Ships and Vessels reporting to or seeking Shelter at or in the said Harbour; and also for the better regulating, governing, and managing the several Works, Matters, and Things by this Act authorized and directed to be made, done, and constructed, as well whilst the same are doing as after they shall be finished, and for the more safe and convenient shipping, lading, discharging, carrying, conveying, laying and de-pofiting of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes upon, to, or from the said Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places belonging to the said Harbour; and for the better governing and regulating Porters, Carters, Carmen, and others carrying Goods, or using or driving Horses, Waggons, Carts, Drays, Trucks, Sledges, or other Carriages for conveying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to or from the said Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places; and also from Time to Time, as they the said Company shall fee Occasion, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and to annex, impose, and appoint reasonable pecuniary-penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds (to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned) for the Non observance, Non-performance, or other Breach of or Offence against any of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations; and also to make such other Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and the due Execution thereof; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and all Alterations thereof, shall be reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall be printed, and a Copy or Copies thereof, in legible Characters, shall be affixed on some conspicuous Place or Building near unto or adjoining the said Pier, for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be binding upon, observed, and obeyed by all Persons whoinfo-ever, ufmgor in any Way concerned in tile said Harbour, cr any of the Works to be made, erected, or maintained determined by virtue of this Act, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juilify all Persons who shall act under or in pursuance of the fame; provided that such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations be not inconliitent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to any of the Clauses, Provisions, and Directions in this Act contained; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be subject to be varied, altered, or repealed by the Proprietors of the said Company, and shall be subject to appeal in Manner herein directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make, conllruft, crest, build, do, maintain, anefc support on the Sands and Rock, near the Stade or Beachy Ground aforesaid, a Pier which shall contain, beneath High Water Mark, Nineteen Acres, a litile more or less; and also, to make, construct, build', maintain, and support such Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, Buildings, Matters, and Things, as they shall deem necessary or expedi nt

39

47° GEORGII III. SdT.2. Cap. 2.

for the making an Harboui for the Reception and Accommodation of

Ships and Vessels, and the Officers and Crews thereof, and for the more convenient lading and unlading of such Ships and Vessels; and abb to erect and make, or cause to be erected and made, such Buildings and Warehouses for receiving of Goods and Merchandizes, and such Dwelling Houses and other Buildings, Accommodations and Things, and in such Manner as the said Directors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, present at any Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, Avail deem necessary or expedient, subject to the Privisions and Dtreftions in this Act contained.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Matter?, Rules subject Thinsrs, Directions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations so to be ordered, to the con-given, or made by the fain Directors, or any Five or more of them, in Company,'0 anywise touching the Execution of this Act, shall and are hereby de- whoma/ln-clared to be subject to the Inspection and Controul of the said Com- spect, alter, pany, from Time to Time and at all Times, when they shall think or annul die proper, at a Meeting atfeinbled for that Purpose, of which Fourteen ime‘

Days Notice shall be previously given (in like Manner as Notices of

other Meetings are herein directed to be given) to inspect and consider the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or any of them, made by the said Directors as aforesaid; and if the said Company, or the major Part of them present, shall see fit, to revoke, repeal, annul, or alter any of the said Rules, Orders, or Regulations, or to make other Rules, Orders, or Regulations inilead thereof, as they or the major Part of them, shall think fit; and the said Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall and may from Time to Time be varied or repealed, and others made in their Stead, at a Meeting of the said Company, to be held as aforesaid; but not by the said Directors after such Confirmation of a General Meeting; and all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as shall be made or con-ifituted by the said Company, shall, when signed by the Chairman of the said Meeting, be binding, and observed by all Parties: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall not be incon-iiftent with or contrary to any Law or Statute of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the Pier to be said Pier shall have been completed, it shall be found by a Presentinent kept in goo4

of the Grand Jury assembled at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace for 1<'ep*lr' the Eaitern Division of the County of Kent, that the fame has been suffered to get so much out of Repair as not to afford the usual Shelter and Security to Vessels endeavouring to enter, or lying within the same: and such Presentment, certified under the Hand of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County to the said Company, and the said Pier shall not be sufficiently repaired and amended within Six Months from the certifying of such Presentment as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth and until the said Pier shall be amended and repaired, the said Rates and Duties hereby made payable shall cease and determine: Provided always, that so soon as it shall be found by a Grand Jury assembled as aforesaid, and be certified by the said Clerk of the Peace to the said Company, that the said Pier has been properly repaired and amended, the said Duties shall revive and be again payable and recoverable as if the fame had not ceased or been suspendttd.

40 4?* GEORGII III. SelT.2. C-f. 2,

Limit! of the

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Limits of the said Harbour Harbour shall extend from Copt Point to the Eastward of the Laid Harbour, to Mill Point to the Westward of the said Harbour.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Sum of r foco is Sixteen thousand Pounds (being more than Two-third Parts of the Sum raised Works eftirfiated to be necessary for erecting and forming the said Pier and maybebegun Harbour') shall have been subscribed or raised for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to begin to conflruft and form the said Pier, Harbour, and other Works necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution; and for the better ascertaining and determining the Time when such Works shall be commenced, the Clerk to the said Company shall and he is hereby required to draw out and prepare a Liss or Schedule of the Names of the several Persons who shall subscribe, from Time to Time, any Money for carrying this Act into Execution, and of the several Sums agreed to be subscribed, placed opposite to the Names of the Persons subscribing the fame; and such Lilt or Schedule of such Subscribers, shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be open to the Inspection of all Persons interested in the said Undertaking, at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

RecitalofAa

XXXV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His prepared for im- sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Support and P rtf creation of the on Coals Ul!" ParlJh Church o/Tolkcftone, and the lower Part of the Town of Folkestone, and for Pre- tn the County of Kent, a Rate or Duty of One Shilling for every Chaldron servation of of Coals which should be brought into or through the said Town of Folke-the Church stone is imposed, and such Rates and Duties are directed to be collected by Folkestone°f ^>er^on or Persons as the Right Honourable William Earl of Radnor e (who as Lord of the Barony and Hundred of Folkestone, is recited to be, amongst other Rights, entitled to all Harbour Duties, Customs, Tolls, Fairs, and Markets there) his Heirs and Assigns, Lords of the Barony and Hundred of Folkestone aforesaid, shall appoint, and are directed to be applied and disposed by the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the said Town, or any Nine or more of them (whereof the Mayor for the Time being to be one) in the fiifl Place in erecting one good and fub-flantial Jettee, and taking such other Measures as they may think needful for the Security and Support of the said Parish Church; and in the next Place in repairing the old or erecting new Jettees or Heads at the East and Welt End of the said Town, and in doing such other Works as they shall think necessary for the Safety and Security of the lower Parts of the said Town, next and adjoining to the Sea; and when the said Works should be completed, to apply the Rates, Duties, and Forfeitures imposed by the said Act, in repairing and keeping in Repair all the said Jettees and Heads, or repairing or keeping in Repair the said Pa-rifli Church, and in doing such other Works as may be necessary for the Safety and Security of the lower Part of the said Town next and adjoining to the Sea, and for the Support and Preservation of the said Church: And whereas the Money'from Time to Time collected and received, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, has been only sufficient to erect and keep in Repair the said Jettees, and the whole thereof has been laid out and expended in erecting and keeping fin Repair the.-fecit, except the Sum of Three hundred and nineteen Pounds One Shilling &0d 10 c - j jrour.

41

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 2.

Four-pence, now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer appointed by virtue of the said Act: And whereas by the Erection and Formation of the Pier and Harbour intended to be made by virtue of this Act, the Ob-jeds and Purposes for which the said recited Act was parted will be effectually attained and answered, and such Jettees and Heads will be no longer wanted or necessary for the Purposes in the said Act expressed, and there- The Duty al-fore it hath been agreed that the said Rates and Duties shall be applied ready impo-in Manner herein-after directed; be it therefore enacted, That it shall lining to be be lawful for the said Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty and they are hereby applject0 the required, after the said Pier or Piers shall have been completed, or made (it Purposes of for the Reception of Shipping, and such Jettees and Heads have been there- thisAa, if by rendered unnecessary for the Purposes in the said Act expressed (with the ^Tput-Consent in Writing under the Hand of the Lord of the Barony, Hun- poses orisi-dred, and Royalty of Folkestone aforesaid for the Time being) to pay all nally intended and every Sum and Sums of Money collected or to be collected by virtue thereof, or so much thereof, as shall not be wanted for erecting and keeping in Repair such Jettees and Heads as aforesaid, once at lead in every Year, into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, for the Use and Btnefit of the said Company; and in case the same shall not be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company, on or before the First Wednesday in October, in every Year, such Sum and Sums of Money shall and may from Time to Time (such Consent as aforesaid being first obtained) be recovered and recoverable by the Clerk or Treasurer to the Folkestone Harbour Company, in an Action of Debt or upon the Cafe, to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the said Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the Town of Folkestone aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect, during good Behaviour, the Appointment of the present Collector of the Duty imposed by the said recited Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That over and above and in addition Additional to the Duty of One Shilling by the said recited Act imposed, there shall Duty of Two be paid and payable to the said Company of Proprietors, when and as Shillings im-soon as the other Duties and Tolls by this Act: authorized to be taken shall e ' commence and become payable, as well by the said Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the said Tow n of Folkestone for the Time being, in their natural Capacities, as by all other Person and Persons whomsoever, for every Chaldron of Coals, containing Forty Bushels Winchester Measure, which he, she, or they shall in any Manner bring into or through the said Town of Folhjtone and Liberty thereof, or any Part thereof, the Sum of Two Shillings, which Rate or Duty shall be paid at such Place or Places as the said Directors shall from Time to Time appoint for the Payment thereof; and the Person or Persons appointed to collect and receive the same shall, without Delay, Fee, or Reward, deliver a Receipt to the Person or Persons who shall pay the said Rate or Duty, and such Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall bring or cause to be brought into the said Town or Liberty thereof any Coals, or shall convey or cause to be conveyed through the said Town or Liberty thereof any Coals for which the P-ates or Duties hereby granted shall not have been paid, and shall be convicted thereof upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses before the Mayor of the said Town of Folkestone or his Deputy for the Time being (which Oath the said Mayor or his Deputy is hereby empowered to administer) every such [Loc. & Per.J L Person

j.2 47° GEORGII III. -(7r//>. 2,

Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the S.yrn of One Shilling; so^every Bushel of such Coals; and it shall and may fee (!o and fqr the said

Collector or Collectors so to be appointed by virtue of tins Act} or the Person or Persons by him or them, appointed, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor or his Deputy, to seize and didqiin such Coals for which the Rates and Duties have no; been paid, and also the Ship or Vessel, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, in syhich such Coals shall be found, and to detain and keep the fame until, the said Rates pr Duties and Forfeitures shall be paid; and if the same shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Seizure and Distress made, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining the fame, to fell the said Coals, and also such Ship or Vessel, or any of the Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel thereof, or such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage; and after deducing the said Rates or Duties ana Forfeitures, and the Coifs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall return the Overplus, if any, to the Owner thereof.

aXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time and at all Times from and after the Tune that the Sum of Thirteen thousand four hundred Pounds (being Two-third Parts and upwards of the Estimate of the Expence of the making the said Pier or Harbour) shall appear by a Return made to any General or Quarter Sessions of the said Town of Felkcjione, or Adjournment thereof, to have been laid out by the said Company, to ask, demand, take, calleft, receive, and recover, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, of and from all and every the Masters, Commanders, or Owners or Owner of any Ship or Vessd, Earls or Boat, or Owner of any Parr or Parts thereof, or other Person or Persons having the Rule and Command of any Ship or Vessel, Bark or Boat, belonging to or coming within the said Harbour, or within the Limits thereof, or from either of them, the several Rates pr Duties following; (that is to say,) !

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign Subjects, and unloading or loading their Cargoes, or any Part thereof, within the said Harbour or Limits thereof, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence per Ton:

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign Subjects arriving in the said Harbour or Limits thereof, by Stress of Weather or otherwise without unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence per Ton:

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty's Subjects (except such thereof as belong to the said Town of Folkejionc, for which particular Duties are by this Act imposed) coming from foreign Parts, and loading or unloading their Cargoes or any Part thereof, within the Limits of the said Harbour, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ten

For any such Vessel coming from foreign Parts (except as aforesaid) and arriving in the said Port by Stress of Weather, and loading or unloading all or any Part of her Cargo, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton: For all such Vessels (except as aforesaid) without unloading any Part of their Cargo, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton:

For alt Goading Vessels (except as aforesaid) unloading Part of their Cargoes, not exceeding One-half thereof, within the said Port, any Sunt not exceeding Two-pence per Ton: e

3 - For

Upon Two-thirds of the Eilimate toeing expended. Duties to commence.

47° GEORGII III. SdT.2. Cap. 2; 43

For all such Vessels (except as aforesaid) not unloading any Part of their Cargo, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence'per Toil.:. r"

For all such Vessels (except as aforesaid' unloading within the said Limits, having above One-half of their Cargoes confiding of Coal, Culm,

Slack, Coke or Charcoal, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence/>?r Ton }j For all such Vessels (except as aforesaid) laden with Coal only, apy Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton:

For all Ships or Vessels (except as aforesaid) loading within rhesaid Limits with Bark. Timber, Slates, Ore, Corn, or other Merchandize, bound to foreign Parts or to Ireland, or Coallways, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton: - n’

For all Vessels Goading (except as aforesaid) laden or Tart laden with Limestone, Lime, Sand, Manure, or in Ballad, arriving in or proceeding from the said Port, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton: '

For all Coading Vessels ( except as aforesaid) arriving within the Limits of the said Harbour by Stress of V\ eather, and unloading all or above One-half of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two pence per Ton: /

For all such Vessels (except as aforesaid) without unloading more than One-half of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton:

For all other Ships and Vessels (except as aforesaid) belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, coming from any Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and arriving within the said Limits, without unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton:

For all such Vessels (except as aforesaid) unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per i on:

For all Ships or Vessels (except as aforesaid) belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, coming from any Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and arriving within the Limits of the said Harbour by Stress of Weather, without utdoading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton:

For all such Vessels (except as aforesaid) unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton:

Provided always that if any Merchant Ship or Ships, or any Coading Vessels whatsoever, shall depart the said Harbour, having duly paid the said Duties herein before imposed, and shall, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours, by Accident, Stress of Weather, or otherwise, be obliged to put again into the said Harbour, that then and in every such Case, such Ships or Vessels shall not be again liable to pay the said Harbour Dues in consequence of their so returning to the said Harbour as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further en'a<$e& That t;l)a fpyeral Rates.on p’l-’ "r*11. Fishing Boats and Vessels of the Burthen of, Three Tops, and not exceed-' Jd Vessels! ing Eight Tons, shall pay the Sum of.One Shilling for evepy Time such Boat shall go out of the said Harbour, of from (hp Limits thereof:

And every Boat or Vessel belonging to the said Harbbur or Towri bf Folkeftcne, and using the said Harbour or Limits thereof,'and being the Whole or any Part thereof, the Property of 'any Inhabitant of the said 1 Town, shall pay the several Rates and Duties followings (thkt is to say,);

If

44-

Duty on Herring*.

Duty on Mackarel.

Duties on Exports and Imports.

Power to fix Duties to be paid for Articles not enumeipted,

47° GEORGII III. Seir.2. Cap. 2.

If of the Burthen of Eight Tons and not exceeding Twenty Tons^ the Sum of One Pound One Shilling per Annum.

If above Twenty Tons and not exceeding Forty Tons, the Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum.

If above Forty Tons and not exceeding Sixty Tons, the Sum of Five Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum.

If above Sixty Tons and not exceeding One hundred Tons, the Sum of Six Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum.

If above One hundred 'Pons and not exceeding One hundred and Fifty Tons, the Sum of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, and for every Fifty Tons, over and above the said One hundred and Fifty Tons, the Sum of Ten Shillings per Annum.

Which said last-mentioned Duties upon all such Ships or Vessels as are charged at a Sum certain, per Annum, shall be paid for respectively at equal Quarterly Payments; (that is to say), the Eleventh Day of October, the Sixth Day of January, the Sixth Day of April, and the Sixth Day of July, in each and every Year, the first Payment thereof to be made on the Quarter Day next after such Ship or Vessel shall put to Sea, or become the Property of any Inhabitant of the said Town.

For all Ships or Vessels (except as aforesaid") not before specified, arriving at or ptoceeding from the said Harbour or Limits thereof, any Sum not exceeding 'Two-pence per Ton.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That a Duty of Three Shillings shall be paid for every Ten thousand or I.act of Herrings that shall be landed, shipped, impotted, exported, or otherwise brought into the said 'Town or Liberty thereof; ami so in proportion for any greater or letter Quantity than Ten thousand or I.act of Herrings: And for every One thousand of Mackarel that shall be landed, shipped, imported, exported, or otherwise brought into' the said Town or Liberty thereof, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and so in proportion for every greater or lesser Quantity than a Thousand.

XL. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the said Company, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to collect and receive the same, over and above the Rates herein-before authorized to be taken, for all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities whatsoever, imported or exported to or from the find Port, such Rates or Duties as the said Company shall order or direct to be paid, not exceeding the Rates or Duties contained in the Table or Schedule hereto annexed, as far as such Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities, as shall or may be imported or exported as aforesaid, are particularized in the said Schedule of Rates, which said Rates shall be paid by the Merchant or Merchants, or other Person or Persons exporting or importing such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or into whole Custody or Possession the same shall be delivered, or by whom the same shall be shipped respectively, upon the Delivery or Shipping of the fame respectively.

XLT. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fix, appoint, settle, ettabiifh, and impole such Rates to be paid upon

the

45

47° GEORGII . III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

the loading or unloading, exporting or importing, and in respect: of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or Commodities, not specified or enumerated in the said Table or Schedule to this Act annexed, as they shall think fit, so as such Rate or Duty shall not exceed the Sum of One Shilling in every Twenty Shillings, of the Amount of the Freight of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodites: And the Master or DutiesonPro-Owner of ever)' Boat or Vessel belonging to the said Harbour of Folkcjlor.e aforesaid, which shall be employed for the Purpose of aflifling any Ship or Vessel call away or out of its Course, or otherwise in Distress at Sea, or in taking up any Goods wrecked at Sea or upon the Main, or any Anchor or Cable found at Sea shall pay a Ilalf-part of One equal Share of the Profits arising the reby, to the Collector of the said Harbour, whether such Ships, Vessel, Goods, Anchor, or Cable be brought into the said Harbour or the Bay thereunto adjoining, or not, the same to be paid before any Division shall be made of the Earnings upon any such Occasion; and the said Master or Owner who shall pay any such Half part of such Share, shall at the same Time deliver to the said Collector receiving the fame, an 4ccount >n Writing, signed by him, of the whole Amount of such Earnings as aforesaid, and of the Number of Shares into which the fame is' divilible or to be divided, and of such necessary Charges and Expences as the Parties concerned in such Service shall have been at on Account thereof; and if any such Master or Owner shall wilfully deliver a fraudulent or erroneous Account to such Collector as aforesaid, he shall, over and above Payment of such Half-part of the Share so made payable as aforesaid, forfeit and pay a Sum equal to such Half-part thereof.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Rate How to be of One Half-part of One Share of the Profits arising from any Boat or recovered. Vessel being employed for the Purpose of aflifling any Ship or Vessel cast away, or out of its Course, or otherwise in Distress, or in taking up any Wreck Goods, or any Anchor or Cable as aforesaid, shall and may, if the said Directors think proper, be recovered from the Person or Persons liable to the Payment thereof, by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLIII. And it is further enacted, That there shall be paid to the said wharfage Company, or to the Collector, or other Person or Persons whom they Duties to be shall appoint to demand, receive, and recover the fame, over and above Paid-the Rates and Daties herein-before granted and authorised to be taken, and in such and the same Manner as such Rates and Duties are hereby directed and appointed to be paid and recovered, such Sum per Ton, as the said Company shall from Time to lime fix and appoint, not exceeding Two Shillings person, for the Wharfage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities which shall be landed or discharged upon any Quay or Wharf belonging to the said Port or Harbour.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this,

Ad contained shall extend to charge His Majesty, or any other Person on his Behalf, with the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties on any of VesselsinHis His Majesty's Ships of War, or any Ship, Transport, or Packet of His Majesty’sSer-Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, nor any Ship, Transport, or Packet of vic<:-His Majesty, in carrying any Stores or Troops to or from the said Harbour; or carrying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of Loc. & Per. j M His

46

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 2.

His Majesty's Postmaster General; or any Vessel employed in or upon His Majesty's ervice, in the Conveyance of any Officers or Soldiers, or any Horses, Arms, Ammunition, or Baggage, to them or any of them; but if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any Exemption as aforesaid, without being entitled thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Vessel arriving within the Limits of the said Harbour by Stress of Weather, and unloading or reloading her Cargo therein, with the Payment of any of the aforesaid Duties upon Imports and Exports (Tonnage Duty only excepted).

Vessels not to XI.VI. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectually securing

be cleared till the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, no Collector or Comptroller of Duties paid. His Majest:y’s Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ship’s Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, shall, at any Time after the said Harbour or Pier shall be made, give or make out any Cocket or other Discharge, or take any Report Outwards, for any Ship or other Vessel within the said Harbour of Folkestone, or permit any Ship or other Vessel to go out of the said Harbour, or from any Landing Place within the Limits thereof, until the Master or Owner, or other Person having the Rule or Command of such Ship or other Vessel, shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors who shall be appointed in pursuance of this Act, that the Rates or Duties by this Act granted and imposed are paid or secured to be paid, which said Certificate the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward; and that any Collector or Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ship’s Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, making Default in any of the Premises enjoined by this Act, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

Rates may be

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to altered. ' and for the said Company of Proprietors, at their laid General Meetings, or at any Special Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Duties, and again to raise the fame . to such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Benefit of the Undertaking.

Manner of XLVIII. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed by this recovering of Act may be more effectually collected and levied, be it enacted, That in Rates. case any oWner or Master, or any other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel within the said Harbour, or any Factor or Consignee thereof, chargeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed in pursuance of this Act to receive the same, to go on board such Ship or other Vessel, 14 to

Exemption for Vessels arriving by Distress of Weather.

47

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties; and on Non-payment thereof to take and didrain every such Ship or other Vessel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes in respect whereof such Rates or Duties shall be payable, either on board such Ship or other Vessel, or on Land, and the same to detain, until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties, for the Space of Five Days after any Didrels or Didrefles so made or taken, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to fell the said Didrefs or Didrefles, and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof, to satisfy themselves or himself, as well for and in respect of their or his reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) to the Owner upon Demand; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, in case of Non-payment of the Rates and Duties as aforesaid, instead of recovering the fame in Manner aforesaid, or in case the whole thereof shall not be so recovered, to proceed for the Recovery of the lame, or so much thereof as shall not be so recovered, by Action of Debt or Trespass on the Cafe, in any Court of Record at Westminster.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or the eluding I'ay-.Owner, Factor, or Consignee of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, ments to con-shall by any Means whatsoever at any Time or Times elude, evade, or tinuecharge-avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable in respect aUe-thereof, or any Part of the fame, each and every Person eluding, evading, or avoiding Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company a Sum equal to the Amount of such Rates and Duties, and shall also stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, which shall and may be recovered from such Mader or Owner,

Factor, or Consignee, or such other Person having such Rule or Command respectively, at any Time or Times, either by the Means hereinbefore prescribed for the levying the said Duties, or by the fame Method and in such Manner as is herein-before directed for the levying of the said Duties, or by the fame Method and in such Manner as is herein-after directed for levying and recovering the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties imposed by this Act, and with the like Cods.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Mader or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel lying within the said Harbour, shall, and he is hereby required to produce and shew, on shall be afeer-Demand, to the said Company, or to the Person or Persons appointed to tained. collect the Rates and Duties aforesaid, the Cudom House Regider of the Burthen or Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel; and in case of Refusal,

Failure, or Delay, in producing and {hewing the fame, or in case there be no such Regider, or in case the said Company, or such Person or Persons appointed to collect the Rates and Duties aforesaid shall not be satisfied therewith, or shall entertain any Doubt of the Correctness thereof in regard to the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, or such other Person or Persons appointed to collect

48 -£ . 4.70 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

collect the Rates and Duties aforesaid, to enter either alone, or with any Person or Persons for their Assistance, into such Ship or Vessel, and admeasure the fame in Manner following; ( that is to fav,) by taking the Length of the Keel of every such Ship or other Vessel so much as (he treads on the Ground, and the Breadth within board by the Midship Beam from Plank to Plank, Half of which Breadth shall be accounted for the Depth; and the Length so taken being multiplied by the Breadth, and the Produbl thereof by the said accounted Depth, and the whole divided by Ninety-four, the Quotient shall give and be deemed to give the true Contents of the Tonnage, according to which Rule or Method all Ships and Vessels shall be measured, for computing, ascertaining, and collebling the said Rates or Duties of Tonnage; any Custom, Usage, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or other Person rtruftin °the having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel lying within measuring of t^le Harbour, or any other Person whomsoever, shall obflritbl or Ships or Vef- hinder the said Company, or the Person or Persons appointed to collebt the Ms. Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any other Person employed or

appointed by the said Company to admeasure Ships or Vessels in pursuance of this Act, to enter on board such Ship or Vessel, or to take the Admeasurement thereof, such Master or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LII. And whereas the said Jacob Earl of Radnor, as Lord of the Barony, Hundred, or Royalty of Folkc/icnc aforesaid (amongst other Rights) is entitled to or claims all Customs, Tolls, and Harbour Duties within the Jurisdiction thereof, and to a certain Piece of Ground upon which the said Pier and Harbour is in part to be erected, and is also entitled to certain Quarries or Beds of Stone, Rock, Gravel, and Beachy Ground within the said Barony, Hundred, and Royalty, lying near or contiguous to the Place or Ground where the said Pier and Harbour is intended to be erected and formed; which Stone, Rocks, and Gravel might be conveniently, and at a finall Expence, used for the Purpose of this Act: And whereas Quarry, and a jarge Quantity of Stone, Rock, Gravel, Sand, and Clay will be wanted tak^St'one° for Purposes of forming the said Pier and Harbour, and it would be and Materials a great Accommodation and Advantage to the said Company of Proprietors from the to be permitted to dig and use the said Stone, Rocks, and Gravel, which Quarry. may be procured near the said intended Harbour or Pier, and the said Earl having been applied to for his Permission and Consent to take and use the fame, in order to encourage and promote the Interest of the said Undertaking; and in Consideration of the Compensation to be paid unto him as hereafter is mentioned, hath consented that the Stone, Rock, Gravel, Sand, and Clay which may be wanted for the Purposes of this Abt, shall be had and taken by the Company of Proprietors as herein-after mentioned; and the said Earl is also willing to relinquish and forego all such Right or Claim as he might have to the Customs, Tolls, and Harbour Duties to be received and taken within the said Harbour by virtue of this Act, upon the Terms and Conditions herein-after mentioned; be it therefore enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their.^Servants, Agents, and Workmen, from Time to Time as there shall be>Occasion,to enter into and upon any Lands andGrCuttds>Banks, I,.: sp.» <: . d ' * - Rocks,

Recital of the Earl of Radnor’s Rights, Customs, Tolls, and Harbour Duties.

Recital of the

49

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

Rocks, Quarries of Stone, and Beds of Rock, belonging to the said Earl, lying on the Sea Shore, from Low Water IViark to the Clifi there adjoining, within the Liberty of the said Town of Folkejione, and to dig, cut, quarry, remove, and carry away any Quantity of Stone, Rock,

Gravel, Sand, or Clay which may be found necdiary for the making, maintaining, repairing, and tiling the said Harbour, Pier, Quays, Saving to th* Wharfs, and other Works to be eroded by virtue of this Act: Provided said Earlis t* always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise or empower the said Company of Proprietors, their pret

Agents, Servants, or Workmen, to enter upon or make use of any Land, fervation of Quarries, Beds of Rock or Stone, which have or hath been demised by the Church. theiaidEarl to Richard Hodgman, his Executors, Administrators, or Adigns, during the Continuance of any Lease now subsisting; nor to dig, take,

work, or carry away any Rock, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or Clay, within Three hundred and eighty Yards to the West ward of the Head of the said intended Harbour which shall be construded or built nearest to the Parish Church of Folkejione: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall restrain or hinder the said Earl, his Heirs or Assigns, from digging, taking, and carrying away to and for his and their own Use, any Rocks, Stone, Gravel,

Sand, or Clay, nor after the said Pier, Harbour, Wharfs, Quays, and other Works shall be completed in pursuance of this Act:, from digging, using, taking, and carrying away, felling, and disposing of any Rocks,

Stone, Gravel, Sand, or Clay, in like Manner as he might have done before the pa fling of this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and payable Compenfa-

to the said Earl of Radnor, his Heirs or Assigns, at the Cistern House, in tiontobepaid the Town of Folkejione aforesaid, on the Tenth Day of October next after [^in^Stene the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the Time when the Tolls and building and Duties to be received by virtue of this Act shall commence and become Harbour to payable, and on the Tenth Day of October in every subsequent Year which fald1 Earl of the same shall continue to be received, in full Compensation and Satisfaction Ra nor' of all Claims to the Customs, Rates, Tolls, and Harbour Duties, the Sum of Twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every One hundred Pounds of like Money, and proportionably for any greater or less Sum of the clear Produce of the Tolls and Duties to be collected and received by virtue of this Act, which, after deduding therefrom the Salaries to be paid to the several Officers to be appointed for putting this Act in Execution, and the Sums of Money to be expended in repairing the said Harbour, Pier, Wharfs, Quays, and other Works, and the Payment of the Interest of any Mortgage which may be made affecting the fame, shall be divisible among the Undertakers, or Proprietors of the said Harbour.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Harbour Matter, Trea- Officers ap-surer, Collector, Clerk, and other Officers and Servants appointed by pointed byth* virtue of this Act, and all and every Person or Persons who shall be ’aldCoi"PanT employed or appointed to ascertain the Tonnage of any Ships or Vessels *° Uke °a"' within the said Harbour, shall severally enter into Bonds, with a sufficient Penalty, at the Discretion of the Directors herein-before mentioned for a faithful Discharge of their respective Duty and Duties.

LV. And, for the more orderly Government of the said Harbour, and Powerto refer the better preserving the fame, and the Works to be erected there gulate Vessel*

it*, urmi n WJftSSL

5© o' GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2.

from Prejudice or Damage, as well- for the Accommodat'on of Ships or Vessels coming into as going out of the said Harbour; be it enacted, That the Harbour Mailer shall from Time to Time order and require all and every Person, having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel entering mto, lying, being, or abiding within the said Harbour, to . ]ie, anchor, moor,' and ballad such Ship or Vessel in such proper Place or Places within the same, as such-Harbour Mailer shall afljgii or direct for those Purposes (having due Regard that, to the bed of his Skill and Judgment, fuels Ship or other Vessel shall be ordered to lie, anchor, moor, or ball all in a Place of Safety); and in cale the Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to obey the Orders lo given, or shall call or throw out, or permit or fuller to be call or thrown out, any Ballad or Rubbilii, Sand, or other Materials ui'ed for Ballad, from any such Ska or Vrifel within the said Harbour, or within One thousand Yaids of the Heads thereof, every Person so offending, for every such Refusal or Neglect shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to the said Gunpowder, Company: Provided also, that no Gunpowder, Pitch, Tar, Rodn, Hemp, &c. to here- Flax, Faggots, or Furze, Brandy,or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, certaii Vimc* Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or any other inflammable or combudible Matter or Thing whatsoever, diall be differed to be or remain on any Quay, Pier, Wharf, or Barrier belonging to the said Harbour, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel within the said Harbour, above the Space of Twenty-four Hours after haying passed the Custom House Officers, and the Owner or Owners thereof shall and they are hereby required to remove the fame from such Place or Places within the Space of Twenty four Hours; and in case the fame cannot be conveniently removed before Sun let, that then the Owner or Owners thereof shall be obliged, and he and they is and are hereby required to set and employ, at his or their own Expence, such a Number of careful and sober Persons to guard and watch over the fame, for such and so many Hours from Sunset to Sunrise, as the said Directors, or the Harbour Mailer, or other Person or Persons by them appointed, shall Ipecify and direct; and in case any such Owner or Owners, or the Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall make Delault in the Premises, each and every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds to the said Company.

Penalty

LVI. And be it further enacted, that in case any Person or Persons

the ^all wilfully cr maliciously cut, break, or in any Manner destroy or Ropes of injure any Rope or other 'thing, by which 2ny Ship or other Vessel Vc2e!s. lying in the said Harbour shall be moored and fattened, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrain any Harbour Mailer or Mailers to be appointed in pursuanoe of this Act, or Ills or their Assistant or Assistants from exercising, in a due and reasonable Manner, any of the Powers and Authorites hereby vested in them, or to binder or restrain the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Quays or Wharfs, from calling off any Rope or Ropes that may be fastened to any Poll or Polls, or other Fixture or Fixtures on such Quays or Wharfs, without the Licence and Consent of

47° GEORGII HE Sess. i. Cap.*.

such Owner or Owners, Occupier, or Occupiers, for that Purpose had and obtained.

: :> ! ii ' i ;* i* 5 *j I.-; * i rc i* iiL'ifl 'uuc* i. z<(\' vuLjl

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons. Pylons Ae-whomsoever, who dial 1 at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or de-: signedly demolish, break down, damage, or set on Fire the said Pier, d^tnedg-itty Quays, Wharfs, or any of the Works which shall be conilrufited in or of Felony, which shall belong- to the said Harbour, or who shall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put- out any of the Lights used in or belonging to the said Harbour, for the Safety arid Protection of the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the fame, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Malter, Owner, or Mailers of other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel Ve/Ie'* l)ing or being in the said Harbour, shall be and is hereby made answer- Damage done able and accountable to the said Company for the Amount or Value of by the Crew any Damage or Mischief that shall be done through Unlkilfulness or through Un-Negligence by him, or by such Ship or Vessel, or by any of the Mariners, or

Servants, or Crew on board of or belonging to the fame, to the Pier, cg lgence' Quays, Breads, or any of the Works which shall be constructed in pursuance of this Act, and the fame, if not forthwith paid and satisfied, shall and may be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed are in and by this Act directed to be recovered.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons who have Subscribert subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for compelled to and towards making and maintaining the said Harbour, Pier, Wharfs, and paytheirSub-the other Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and they are hereby lcnPtlon*' required to nay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Directors, by virtue of the Powers and Directions, of this Act) at such Times and Places, and in such Manner, as shall be appointed by the said Directors; and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place, and in Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity, with Colls.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfei- p , tures by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed or levied (the tibe reco.°W Manner.of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby particu- vered. larly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Diltrels and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any JafEcer.of the Peace for the Town or County wherein such Offender shall be or relide (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice is hereby empowered' and required to grant) upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders.on his or their own Confession, or on the Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said

Form of Coe* tiftion.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of Form.

CJoIleftors of Rites to be competent Witstefles.

Persons giving falfs Evidence may beprofceuted.

GEORGII III. S«%, Caj>*f2,

fasd Justice is hereby empowered and required to administsr, without Fee or Reward); anti such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered after rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels ih.il! Be distrainetf and Ibid.

the Charges offuclt Difirefb and Sale being fiVft dedfffted) shall (if not otherwise directed to be applied and-disposed of by this Act) be paid to and belong to the said Company; and for want of sufficient Distress, the said Justice is hereby empowered J and required to commit-, the Person or Persons so convicted, to die Common Gaol or other puLlick Prifo.n of or within the Bid Town or County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding the Space of 1 hree Calendar Months, unlei's such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all the necessary Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be i'ooner paid or otherwise satisfied.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or against any Bye I.aw, Rule, Order, or Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following 5 (that is to say).

T>Eif remembered, That on this < in the

Day of ji. B. is convicted before

of His Majesty's Justices of the

‘ Peace for the of having [as the Offence shall be~\ and we the said do adjudge him

[her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day

and Year aforesaid.’

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or ether Warrant or Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining bs deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, 011 account of any Irregularity by him or them done or committed,latter such Dilirefs made or taken; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in any wise relating to tire said Rates or Duties, or any of them, the Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company or Proprietors, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to coileft such Rates or Duties.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall give falle Evidence, shall and may be indicted and prosecuted for Perjury, and upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject to such Punishmeot and Disqualification as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury, by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

47° GEORGII III. Sell'2. Cap. 2. 53

LXV. And be 'it further enacted, That in case any Person shall think Allowing an himself or herself aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in Qu^rSef-' pursuance of any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation of the said

Directors or Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgement, or

Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any

Matter or Thing in this Act contained, or by any Thing done in pu. I'uance

of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief is hereby other-

wife provided, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to

be holaen in and for the Town of Volkcstone aforesaid, or Eafletn Division

of the County of Kent, at the Discretion of the Person making the said

Appeal, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time

when the cause of such Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving

or causing to be given Thirty Days Notice at the lead, in Writing, of hi*

or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the

Clerk or Treasurer of the said Company, and within Three Days after such

Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the Town of Folkestone aforesaid, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned

to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, and upon

due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and the entering,

into such Recognizance, the said Justices before whom such Appeal shall be brought shall hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal in

a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed

against:, as the said Justices shall think proper; and the said Justices may,

if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may

order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied hi

pursuance of any such Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation, and may

also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured by the Party injuring, as to them the said Justices shall seem reasonable; and the Determination of such Justices thereupon shall be final, binding, and

conclusive, to all Parties.

LXVL. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgment, p,.oc,cd n or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, not or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders quashedfor against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, "ant ofform. or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ cr Process vhatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WcPminster; any Law or Satute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding:

Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiifs shall recover in any Action s - , to be commenced against the Person or Persons for any Thing done in for Special* pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing, signed by his, her, or Damages, their Attorney (specifying the Cause of Action) shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants at least Sixty Days before the same shall have been brought; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before luah Action brought; and in case no Tender of Amends shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants (by Leave of the Court) at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they fl.all think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments [Ltc. Per.y 0 Cull

54-

I.imiti'tion of Actions.

Gen«ral -^uc*

[Treble Costs.]

SavingRightS of the Earl of Radnor.

General Saving. ,

[Publick Act.]

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 2.

shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other ActionJ

where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced after Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the said Cou ty of Kent, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in all Actions or Suits so brought shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Sixty Days Notice given to the Defendant or Defendants, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaint.ffs shall be nonsuited, or fuller Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or it upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for Cods of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothin? herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ltffen or abate the Right and Title of the said Earl of Radnor, his Heiis or Assigns, as Lord or Lords of the Barony, Hundred, or Royalty of Folkejione aforesaid, to Customs, Tolls, Rights, Profits of Fairs and Marker, Harbour Duties, and all other Things which shall happen or come within the Jurisdiction of the said Barony, Hundred, or Royalty, or other Benefits or Advantages belonging or in any Way appertaining to the said Earl of Radnor, his Heii s or Assigns, as Lord or Lords of the said Barony, Hundred, or Royalty (other than such Tolls, Rates, and Duties, as are with the Consent of the said Jacob Earl of Radnor, by this Act authorized and directed to be collected, received, and paid for the Use of the Folkijione Harbour Company) or other wise controuled, or intended so to be by this Act; but that he and they may receive and enjoy the same as fully and beneficially, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been made.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privilege or Authority of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Ileirs and Successors, or the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or any Bodies Politic and Corporate, or other Person or Persons whomfuever, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, other than and except those meant and intended to be barred and regulated by this Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be aPublick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, ati'd others, without being speciaJly pleaded.

SCHEDULE

4?° GEORGII III. Se/r.2.’ dap. 2. SCHEDULE of RATES

Referred to in the ACT.

£ J. d.

o O 2

0 O If

o ° 3

o O 2

o o 6

o o- 4

o 3

o 6 .6

o 2 O

0 o -9

o O IO

o x 6

0* o- 2

o 1 o

‘~o- o 6

o 4

o O 2

o ° 3

o 2 6

c* i 6

0 I o

o o 6

o 0 I

o o 8

o c; o

o i 6

For every Quarter of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Malt, Pease, Tares, Multard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every other Denomination, the Property of an Inhab tant of the Town of Folkestone ..

For every Quarter of Beans. Barley, Rye, and Oats, and so in proportion, the Property of such Inhabitant For every Quarter of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Malt, Pease, Tares, Multard Seed, Canary Seeds, and Seeds of every Denomination, the Property of a Stranger For every Quarter of Beans, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and so in proportion, the Property of a Stranger For every Quarter of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Malt, Pease, Tares, Multard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, the Property of an Alien or Merchant Stranger -

For every Quarter of Beans, Barley, Rye, and Oats, arid so in proportion, the Property of an Alien or Merchant Stranger -

For every Butt, Pipe, Puncheon, or Piece of Wine, Sweet-Oil, or Spirits

For every larger Calk of Ditto Ditto Ditto, in proportion. For every Butt of Ale or Porter -

For every Hogshead of Wine, Sweet Oil, or Spirits For every Hogshead of Ale or Porter For every Puncheon of Ale or Porter For every solid Hogshead' of new Sugar For every Hogshead or Package of Loaf or Lump Sugar, per Hundred Weight -

For every Quarter Calk of Wine, Sweet Oil, or Spirits For every Barrel, wet or dry - ....... ia.

For every Half Barrel, wet or dry

For every smaller Calk (of whatsoever Denominat:rm}v.ret or dry - . - - - - f

For every Butt empty (not on return) -

For every Vat pacKed with Goods -

For every Sugar Hogshead Ditto Ditto For every smaller Calk Dkto Ditto -

For every Vat or Calk of Tallow, not exceeding Six hundred Weight -

For every larger Va» or Calk of Ditto, per Hundred Weight For every Bale or Truss, great -

Ditto Ditto - {- fmali -

For every Pack of Wool, Yarn, or Cotton, containing Two hundred-and forty Pounds Weight '

For every Jajger and smaller Packet of Ditto, in proportion.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. 2.

For every small Frail, Mound, or Basket For every great Mound or Bulket For every Piece of Ordnance Brass, per Hundred Weight And Iron, per Hundred Weight

For every Anchor, per Hundred Weight

For every Hundred Weight of Iron, wrought

And unwrought -

For every Hundred Weight of Copper and Brass, wrought And unwrought -

For every Hundred Weight of Lead

For every Hundred Weight (as usually fold) of Culm, Splint, Coke or Cinder, the Property of an Inhabitant of the Town of Folkedone -

Ditto Ditto - - of a Stranger

For every Ton of Salt -

For every Hundred of Cod, called sized Fish 1 and so in ") And the small Sort - - J proportion J

For every Load of Lime of Twenty-eight Bu/hels For every One Hundred of One Inch and a Quarter Deal Boards, from Ten to Fourteen Feet in Length For every One Hundred of Two Inches and a Half, Ditto Ditto -

For every One Hundred of Three Inches, Ditto Ditto And in proportion for greater Lengths.

For every One Thousand of Barrel Boards or Staves For every One Hundred of Petersburgh Battens For every One Hundred of Clove Boards or Battens For every Mad of Ten Inches Diameter -

For every Mad of Seven Inches, and under Ten Inches For every smaller Mali, in proportion.

For every Spar of Ten Inches Diameter For every Spar of Seven, Eight; ot Nine Inches For every Ditto of Four, Five, or Six Inches For every Scote of Smaller Spars For every Load of Oak or Elm Boards For every One Thousand of Cleft Pale

For every Ton of Oak, Elm, or other Timber For every Load of Pods and Rails.

For every B ndle of Wooden Hoops For every Twenty Bundles of Laths For every Fathom of Six Feet Lathwood For every Ditto of Five Feet Lathwood For every Cord of Firewood

For every One Hundred of Faggots.

For every Milldone, great -

And the small

For every Tombdone.

For every Ditto, Marble . ,

For every Corpse -

For every small 'Frank, Ched, or Box,

For every great Trunk, Ched, or Box »

For every small Bundle or Parcel

d.

2

4

3 z z 2 r 6

4 if

I

rf

6

o

6

8

2 6

3 6

4 6

a 6

3 o

i 6 i 8

1 o

o io

o 6 o

o I

2

0 I

1

O IO 2 O

° 3 o 6 o io o o

14010 O'O 9 o VO

%1

m

w

4/° GE.OR GII III. &&&! i.

57

For every B?g of Hops - . - - t> ,r

For every Po;ket of Hops -

For ever f Ore Thoofand of Bricks, and so in proportion Fpr ever^OneThitui'aifd of plain ! iles; and so in proportion For every Tf aufanu of Top, Ridge, Gutter, or Fan I iles, Diato -

For every One I housand of Mathematical Tiles For every One I housand ot Paving Tiles*

For every < >ne Hundred of Flat Paving Stones, large Ditto - small.

For every d'on of Marble -

For every Ton of Portland, Purbeck, or other Stone Forever) Grindllone -

For every common Cartload of Flintflones For every common Cartload of Chalkstones, rough of hewn - For every Hundred Weight of Cheese For every Barrel of Train or Fish Oil And so in proportion for every great or smaller Calk of Ditto. For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar For every Barrel of Red Herrings For every Sack of Three Bufiiels Potatoes, Apples, or Pears - For every One Hundred of Cabbages For every One Hundred Weight of Hemp For every One Hundred Weight of Cordage For every B It of Canvas of Number one, two, and three For every other Bolt of Canvas 4

For every Horse -

For every Four-wheeled- Carriage For every Two-wheeled Carriage For every Sedan Chair -

For every Sack of Five Bushels Flour . a For every Bag of Bran of Fight Bushels For every Ton of Kelp - For every Ton of Brill - a

For every Lead of Hay of Thirty-six Truffes For every Lead of Straw.

For Oil Cakes per Thousand; and so in proportion For every Bushel of Onions.

For every Bnfnel of Oysters not imported by a Portsman For every Firkin or smaller Barrel of Oysters - Ditto For every Hide, raw -

For every Hdef tanned

F r every Dozen of Goat, Calf, Sheep or Lamb Skins For every Hundred Weight of Wrought Pewter And old -

For every Calf -

For every Hawk- a For every Dog! -

For every Fox -

For Hares, Phedfants, and all other Game, p r Head For every Bag df Feathers, large - Ditto Tmi.ll - . m

'[Ln. eff f Vr. P

L- 0 - rr 1 "rfr 6 r

0 0 9

0 a 6

0 1 0

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 2 6

0 2 0

0 1 6

0 3 0

0 1 6

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 2 6

0 3 0

0 2 0

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 2 6

0 2 6

0 2 6

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2f

0 0 6

0 1 9

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 9

0 0 4

5S

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2

For every Crate of Glass Ware

For every Crate of Earthen Ware, large

Ditto - - small

For every Stove -

For every large Range or Grate

Ditto - - fmail

For every Chert of Draws, double

Ditto - - single -

For every Mahogany or other Chair

For every Side ot Bacon

For every Bil'iard Table -

For every Dining Table -

For every Car'd or Pembroke Table

P^Tevq-y other Table

For every Mahogany Bcdrtead

For every other - Ditto

For every Sopha.

1 or every Hai pftcrrd

F< r every.$pi»ngt or Piano-forte

For Wine in Bottles, per Dozen

i 6 J. d.

J ° I 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- .4 0 0 3

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 8

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 6

- 0 a O

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 6

- 0 4 0

- 0 3 0

- 0 0 4

LO"NDON: Printed by George Evie and Andrew Strahan,

Fripters to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

10I

biu

;I3-V1 fly's!, t

i ( ifld

n aiH

so "Pi v' j iH ari i

FdJft , b S>l

i w !

TP'-

v units

fi

Wfi/yn

, *! ' V bajfUiig ajfWiorlJwA' fere

nan r'ir c.

ow

mi

finihti 3rtia ' ' /{t y j- rJitriT

qm’ bun i nig-tslu-j

wan nmj o

h/lJo t" ii uiochoH

'fir

it io‘ ifi-j rum

M tjfi-j'yri ci arlj ejw

’*> of

aT t -

to Ug v v- >:is.

uvswT-

- find; srii

: w Xj,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self. 2.

Cap. 3-

An Act for enlarging the Pcnyers of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for making certain new Streets and Roads, and widening others, adjacent to and connected with the said Harbour.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was pa (fed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging jjg. 3. c. jS, ami improving the Hat hour of Leith, fr making a new Bason,

Quays, Wharfs, or Do.is, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads

and widening others leading 10 and from the said Harbour, and for impowering

the Lord Prcvoji, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh to

purclaje Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these

Purposes: And whereas an Act was made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made 33 G. 3. c. 19.

in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging

and improving the Harbour of Lei.h: And whereas an Act was made in

the 1 hirty-ninth Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled.

An Act to amend Two Acts made in the Twenty eighth and Thirty-eighth 2'ears 3? G. 3. c. 44, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith: And whereas the Powcis and Authorities granted by the said [Loc. 'df Per.'} £ recited

&2

Lord Provost, tec. to con. strudt Draw, bridge and other Wurki#

d;

H'ritor* who have lie gi a:tft Pi o pertv in nave a 1 reference in purclulii.g.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap..3,

recited Acts are not sufficient to enable the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, &nd Council, to provide for the Accommodation of the Trade frequenting the Harbour of Leith, by opening certain new Streets and widening others, and it is needfary that the Term and Powers of the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fhotil'd be enlarged and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,.and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Lord Provost, Majiltrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to construct another Drawbridge over the present Harbour of Leith, nearly in a Line with Saint Bernard's Street, and to open a new Street of Sixty Feet wide from the West End of the said Draw-bridge along the South Front of the Warehouses, erected or to be erected on the Land Side of the Wet Dock already constructtd, and of the next Wet Dock to be constructed by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, by virtue of the Powers contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to connect the said new Street with the Streers or Roads already made or to be made in the Citadel of Leith, and on the Lands of Hitlhouse Field, and with the Streets or Roads leading to or from Leith Fort; and to trear, contract, and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Grounds, and Areas, for the Purchase thereof, to the Extent of One hundred and twenty Feet in Width, in the Line of the said Street, for the Purpose of making the same, and for building on the South Side thereof; reserving always to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, ami the Proprietors of Houses, Grounds, and Areas in the Citadel, any Right of Common Property they have or may be found to have in the open Space or Area called The Citadel Green'. Provided always, that the said Owners or Occupiers shall have the Option of building on the South Side of the said Street themselves, or of occupying the fame in any other Way, in place of felling the fame, and which Option they are hereby authorized and required to make within Three Months after the puffing if this Act, by a Writing under their Hands respectively, duly intimated to the Chamberlain of the City of Edinburgh, upon Condition that they oblige themselves severally, that any Buildings to be erected on their respective Properties shall not be of a greater Height than the Warehouses to be erected on the North Side of the said Street, by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, and be formed on a regular Plan, to be approved of by the said Lord Provcft, the Lord President of the Court of Session, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, all for the Time being; provided also, that the said Owners and Occupiers who shall avail themselves of the aforesaid Option, shall form and maintain a good and sufficient Foot Pavement of hewn Free Stones, along the South Side of the said Street, of the Breadth of Nine Feet at leafr, opposite to their respective Properties.

II. And whereas it may happen from the Nature of the Property on the South Side of the said Streer, and of the Plan to be approved of as afore Ltd, that Buildings may require to be erected paaiy on Ground belonging to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their

Successw*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 3. 6$

Successors in Office, and partly on Grounds belonging to other Conterminous Heritors: Be it therefore enacted and declared, That where such Buildings shall be to be erected on the Properties of more than one Conterminous Heritor, the Heritor who shall be Proprietor of the greatest Part of the Property shall have the aforesaid Option, and in calc of his taking the Benefit thereof, shall be bound, and is hereby required to trear, contrail, and agree with the other Conterminous Heritors for the Purchase of the Remainder of such Property, and in the Event of their not being able to agree relative to such Purchase, the Value and Recompence to be paid for the same shall be settled by a Jury, in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

III. And be it further en.idled, That the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall have full Bernard's Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, Street> ‘t:* to widen the Streer, called Saint Bernard's Street, being the Eastern Access

to the said intended new Draw-bridge, to the Width of Forty 1-eet^ and also the Lane or Screct leading from the Sand Pert towards the Draw-bridge already erected, to the Width of Thirty-twofeet, and the!

Road leading from the Centre of the Dock already executed to that Street, the East Branch of which leads to the said last-nwchtioned Draw-bridge, and the Well to the Toll-bar, to the Width of S xty Feet, and to make the said West Branch of the Street leading to the said Toll- bar as aforesaid, of the Widrh of Forty-five Feet, until it reacnes the Western Boundary of the Property belonging to Chalmers

of Leith Mount, or his Heirs, and for these Purposes to treat, contiact, and agree with the Owners:and Occupiers of the Houses, Grounds, and Areas fc Dated on the Sides of the aforesaid Streets and Roads, for the Purchase thereof.

i—J W' ;n *V" ! O' ' . ,

IV. Apfliwhereas the Qround which will be required for widening the Power to the said Ro^r^treetlcacUng fiorn the Centre of the Dock already executed, Lord »’ro*oft, and P^rt,of. the GrPun4'Mhich will be required for widening the Welt cifaft ther* Branch of the Road o^ Streec leading as aforesaid to the Toll-bar, and Glebeot. on. v»high,no Buildings of any Kind are at present greeted, is Part of the t'eronSonh Glebe u£,the Mimfttr of North Lcith, or Ground in the Occupation of Leith.

the Minister. and Knk Session of North Leith, commonly called the Glebe or FanS'Gtn-siens; be it. therefore enabled. That the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to treat, contract, and agree, with the Miniiler and Kirk Session of the Parish of North Leith, and the Presbytcry of Edinburgh, or any other Person or Persons. who may have Right to the aforesaid Ground, (to whom Power and Auihomy are hereby specially given to that Eifedl) for the Purchase of the said Ground along the Line of the said Roads or Streets, to the Extent cf One Acre, for the Purpose of widening the said Roads or Streets, and erecting Buildings on the Sides thereof, for such an Annual 'sum as shall be agreed upon by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and the said Miniiler and Kirk Session of North Lath, and the said Presbytery of Edinburgh, or other Person or Persons having Right and Interest as aforesaid and in the Event of their not being able to agree, then for such an Annual Sum as shall be fixed and ascertained by a Jury, to be summoned in Manner herein-afrer mentioned, and which Annual Sum so to be v £ agreed '

6l4

Wot to affect

the Merits of mny Quession depending.

Power to build a Bridge below Ltuh

Mills.

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 3.

agreed upon, or fixed and ascertained as aforesaid, shall continue to bff paid in all Time hereafter by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and

Council, and iheitSucctffois in.Office, to the Minister of North Leith, and his Successors, serving the Cure o( the said Parish, or other Pet fun or Persons as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Minister serving the Cure of the said Parish fur the Time, with the Concurrence of the said Kuk Session and of the said Piefbytery o( Edinburgh, or other Person or Persons having Right and Inteieit as aforesaid, shall have it in their Option, to Jeave Ground sufficient to make the said Roads or Streets of the.Width aforesaid, thereby reserving the building Areas on the Sides thereof, which the said Minister, with Concurrence as aforesaid, or the Person or Pet* fons having Right thereto, are hereby authorised and empowered to tcu out and dispose of for such Annual Feu Duty or Rent as can be procured for the fame, taking the said Feu Duty or Rent payable to the Person or Per* (bns having Right and Intend to the Property, and which Option is hereby authorised and required to be made within Three Months after the puffing of this Act, determined by a Writing under his or their Hands, duly intimated to the Chamberlain of the said City of Edinburgh, upon Condition that he or they oblige themselves th.it the Buildings to be ert&ed on the aforesaid Ground, along the Sides of the said Roads or Streets, shall be formed on a regular Plan, to be approved of by the said Lord Provost, the L-rd Prelklent of the Court of Stilton, and the Lord Advocate oI Scotland, all ft r the Time being, in Manner before-mentioned: Provided always, that if the said Minister of North Leith, with such Concurrence as aforesaid, or the

P. ilon or Persons having Right to the said Grounds, shall take the Benefit of the Lid Option, and leave Ground sufficient fur widening the raid Loads or Stree's as aforesaid, then and in that Calc the said Lord Piovoft, Magi(Ir;tes, and Council, anti their Successors in Office, shall be bound and obliged to p.nv to the lai.i Minister of North Lath, and his Successors ltrving the Cure of the said Parish, or to the Person or l’erlons having Right as aforesaid, such an annual Sum as shall be agreed upon as the Value of the Ground lo lelt, or in the Event ol their not being able to agree, then such in annual Sum as shall be fixed and afcettai.rcd, as tire Value thereof, by a Jury, in Manner herein-.dter directed.

V. Provided a'so, and be it enacted, 7 hat nothing herein contained shall act'edt, or be construed to affect the Mciits of any (fd t (Lon depending, or which may aiife concerning the Validity of any l'Yu Rights, which may have been granted by any Minister serving the Cure ot ihe laid Parish.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Lotd Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall lie and thy ate hereby authorized and required to const.uft another Bridge over the Water of Leith b.'ow Leith Mills, the South-east End thereof being in the Line of a small Dwelling House belonging to Alexander Hill, and another Dwelling House belonging to Allan Macdougal, poffi fled by David Jnglis, and to have the fame passable within Two Years after ihe Second Wet Dock shall be fit to admit a Vessel, or foi ner, in the Event of the Money necessary for that Purpose being paid ir.to the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, in Manner 1 erein afier-mentiored: Provided always, that the said Bridge shall not be commenced till it be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Lord Prevail, Magistrates, and Council, and their

SucceiLis

*5

47° GEORGII III. Seir.2. Cap. f.

Successfors in Office* by Agreements and Arrangements of those interest'd, or otherwil’e, that the Proprietors and Occupiers of che Ground on which the said Bridge is to be erected, and the Proprietors and Occupiers ot Grounds adjacent thereto, who have already or lhatl hereafter take their Option in Manner after mentioned, shall be bound to free and relieve the said Lord Provuft, M'agistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, of all Claims competent to any of the Proprietors or Occupiers, either on account of Damage during the Execution of the Work* or otherwise.

VIT. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be and they are hereby authorized and required upon Money being paid into the Bank of Scotland or lioyal Bank of Scotland, in M inner herein-after mentioned, within Two Years from the Dare of passing this Act, to open a Stieet of Sixty Feet wide, commencing at about Two hundred and forty Feet from the Line of the South Quay of the Second Wet Dock, and run ning in a directLine and in a regular Slope to the Nortluwelt End of the said last-mentioned Bridge, and frdm the South End thereof in a dtreft Line arfd in a regular Slope to the Foot of Leith Walk, terminating in the said Walk on the Properties of John Kelly, and the Heits of Dcftor Gikfon, and passing through the Properties of John and 1Thomas ftaijaiiMy, William Btilfmy, Patrick Hrulawty, John JohrJlbnc, With cm Giles, the Heirs of Walter Gihfof) and Join Kelly, and Others, ami so treat, contract, and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of Grounds, I knifes, and Areas for the Purchase thereof, to the Extent of One hundred and eighty Fett in Width in the Line of the fan! Street, for the Purpose of making the same, and for building on the ‘Sides thereof: Provided always, this the said O wrier s and Occupiers wiio have not already taken the Benefit of the Option allowed by the said in Part recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Hi’s prdf’ert Majesty, shall in like Manner with those who have declared their Option under that Act, have it frill in their Option to open and make the said Street Sixty Feet wide through their own respective Properties, thereby taking the Chance of beirg indemnified by the Building Areas! on each Side thereof; and futh Owners and Occupiers as have not already declared their Option Under the said last-mentioned Act are hereby authorized and required to make the fame within Six Months alter Hie passing of this Act, by a Writing under their Hands respectively, duly intimated to the Chamberlain of the City of Edinburgh, upon Condition that they oblige themselves severally that any Buildings to he erected on their respective Properties shall be formed on a regular Plan to be approved of by3 the Lid Lord Provost, the Lord President of the Court of Session, and the Lord A,dtacate of Scotland, all for the Time being.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event of any of the said Proprietors and Occupiers not taking the said Option, rife Proprietors and Occupiers who have already taken of shall take the Benefit of the fame, shall be bound and pbliged in the Proportions to be fixed and ascertained by the said Lord Provost, Lord President of the Court of Session, and Lord Advocate Of Scotland for the Time being, or by any Person or Persons to be specially appointed by them for that Purpose, within Three Months after being thereto required by the said Lord Provost, "Magistrates, and Council, and thefr SirccefforsinOffiee,-to advande and [£cc. 6? Per ] R ray

And so own a

Street i in -

municaring

therewith.

The Proprietors, ic. tak-

ingtlieOp-ion

to open the Street to pay Money into the Bank, &c, for the Pnr-cliafe from those who (so noi take such Option,

66

How their Relief to be operated.

Proprietors in front to purchase ot those behind.

Upon a certain Sum being paid into the Bank of Scot-., land. Lord Provoit to build the Bridge at an earlier Period.

Power to make Assign" ent in Srcur.ty.

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 3.

pay into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland the Sums which shall be necessary for purchasing the Grounds and Houses belonging to such Proprietors and Occupiers who shall not take the Benefit of the said Option, and the Money so to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland as aforesaid shall be subject to the Orders in W riting, to be by the said Lord Provost, or Prefes of the Council of the said City for the Time being, signed in Presence of the Council assembled at ftaced Meetings.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Proceeds arising from the Sale of the Areas so to be acquired as aforesaid, shall, upon a Refale of the fame, after Deduction of all necessary Charges and Expences, be paid over to the Proprietors or Occupiers making the said Advances, in the fame Proportions in which the Advances shall have been made.

X. And be it enacted and declared, That where the Ground or Area lying within Sixty Feet of the said Street, or either Side of the fame, shall belong to different Proprietors, the Proprietor of that Part of the said Ground next adjoining to the Line of the Street, and who shall have opened the fame through his or her own Property in front thereof, shall have the Option of purchasing from the conterminous Proprietors (who shall be bound to lell the fame) their Part of the Ground or Area of Sixty Feet wide, lying behind his or her Property, and upon taking the Benefit of that Option, he or she shall be bound and is hereby required to treat, contract and agree, with the other conterminous Proprietors for the Purchase of the Remainder of such Property, and in the Event of their not being able to agree relative to such Purchase, the Value and Recompence to be paid for the same shall be settled by a Jury, in Manner herein-after mentioned, and the same Rules shall be observed in all Respeds in regard to such Purchases as are appointed to be observed in the case of Purchases by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council.

XI. And whereas it may be of Advantage to the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds in the Line of the said intended new Street, that the said intended Bridge over the Water of Leith, below Leith Mills, should be eretted at an earlier Period than hen.in-before directed; be it enacted, That the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, any Tiling herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding, upon the Monies necelfaiy for the Construiftion of the said Bridge being paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, subject to the Orders in Writing of the said Lord Provost, or Piefcs of the Council of the said City, to be figr.ed in Presence of the Counc.l assembled at their dated Meetings, or Security for the Payment of the said Monies as aforesaid being found to their Satisfaft on, to conftrndt the said Bridge, in Manner before-mentioned, without awaiting the Completion of the said Second Wet Dock.

XII. And be it enacted, That the following Proprietors of Houses and Grounds who have already taken their Option to open the said Streer, «ividelicet, Allan Macdougal Writer to the Signet, Robert Wilson Accountant in Edinburgh as his Trustee, John Campbell Writer to the Signet, Wil. ham Balleny Merchant in Leith, William Giles and Patrick Ha daw ay

Brewer*

67

47° GEORGII III. St*fT. 2. )Cap. 5.

Brewers in Leith, and John Johnson Baker in Leith, or the Majority of them, who shall be in Life at the Time, as Trustees for thernfeNes, and the other Proprietors, upon procuring any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand Bounds for the Purpose of building the said Bridge, and paying the fame into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to assign to the Lender or Lenders of such Sum or Sums of Money, the Obligation for Re-payment of the Capital or Principal Sum herein-after imposed on the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council v but they dial I have no Bower to bind any of the Proprietors for the Re-payment thereof or of the Interest, their Power being confined to aligning the aforesaid Obligation for Re-payment thereof.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event of the said Jhe Bridge being erected by Means of Funds imprested as aforesaid, the said Money Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, shall be bound, and obliged, as ter tiulsridge. soon as the said Second Dock shall be fit to admit a Vessel, to repay to the

Trustees before-mentioned, or such of them as may be alive at the Time, or Majority of them, for themselves, and in Trust for the said other Proprietors and Occupiers, or to their Assignees, the Capital or Principal Sum that shall appear to have been impeded as aforesaid, for the Erection of the said Bridge, but without any fnterest thereon, up to the said Period when the said Second Dock shall be fit to receive a Vessel, but to bear Incertfl thereafter till paid.

XIV. And whereas it may happen that some Person or Persons, Bodies Power to Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, Heirs of Entail, or others, who are seized- and possessed of, interested in or entitled to Houses, Grounds, tions, etc. or Areas, which may be necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of to treat> el®-this Act, may bedisposed to treat, contract, and agree for the Sale of such H'luf.s. Grounds, or Areas, but may be incapable of felling or conveying the fame by reason of legal Disability orlncapacity; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every such Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators for Infants, Minors or furious Persons, or other Persons for whom they are Trustees, who shall be fefzed and possessed of, interested in or entitled to any such Houses, Grounds, or Areas as aforesaid, to sell and convey to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, or to their Succefiois in Office, or to such ether Person or Bcrlons as they shall appoint, all or any such Houses, Grounds, or Areas, or any Bart thereof for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances that shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees, Heirs of Entail or others aforesaid, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XV. Provided always, That if it shall happen that any Person or Persons Mode of rro-whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Proprietors or Occu- ceeding where piers of Houses, Grounds, or Areas, or other Property lying within the fefufetoTlI. Boundaries described as aforesaid, seized or possessed of, interested in or entitled to the fame respectively, shall refuse to treat, contract, or agree to fell

the

68

47° GEORGII III. SciT.2. Cap. 3.

the same as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Sheriff Depute of the?(}ounty of Edinburgh, or his Suhllitute, and they or either of them are and is hereby authorized and required, upon Application from tine laid Lord Proved;, Magistrates, and Council, or their Succvffors in Office, to fusnmon and return Forty-five substantial and disinterested Proprietors of Lands in the Coumy of Edinburgh, valued in the Eels Books to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Scots, and the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute shall appoint a Day and Place for proceeding in the said Matttr, of which Notice in Writing shall be given to such Proprietors and Occupiers personally, or less at his, her, or their usual Piace or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of such Houses, Grounds, or Areas, or other Property as aforesaid, and at the Time and Place fixed,out of such Persons so to be summoned and returned, the Sheriff Clerk of Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Substitute shall, in the Presence of the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, and of the Party or Parties interested if he, she, or they choose to attend, draw out the Names of Fifteen Persons, and the Fifteen Persons whose Names shall be thus drawn shall form a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in case of the Death of any of the said Fifteen Persons, or of their Inability to attend, the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute shall direct the Sheriff Clerk or his Deputy, or Substitute to draw from amongst the remaining Names of the Persons summoned by the said Sheriff Depute or his Substiture, in the Manner before mentioned, such an additional Number of Names as may be necessary to makeup a complete Jury of Fifteen, able to dttend; and the said Fifteen Persons are hereby required to come and appear before the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, at such Times and Places as in his Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed to that Efiestand the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, is hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to call before him i'uch Person or Persons as shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses before him, touching or concerning the Premises, and to fend his Precept or Precepts for all and every such Person or Persons who is and are hereby required to appear before the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, and to produce such Books, Papers, Deeds, and Writings as the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute shall judge necessary for his Information, or for the Information of the Jury, so to be formed as aforesaid, in any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, and the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute shall and may administer Oaths for the better Discovery of the Truth of the Enquiry by him to be made to any Person or Persons therein concerned, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, and shall and may authorize the fair! Jury to view the Place or Places and Matters in question, and the said Jury upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, shall esquire of and assess such Damage or Recompence, Price or Prices as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, for any such Houses, Grounds, or Areas, or any Part thereof, for their respective Estates or Interests in the fame, as by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, or their Successors in Office, shall be judged necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said, Sheriff Depute or his Substitute shall and may give Judgment fr such Sum or Sums of Money so tfi be afiefled by the Verdict or Verdicts of such Jury or Juries respectively, which said Verdict or Verdicts, and tfe' ' Judgment

69

.^" GEORGII III. ^eff.2. Cap!3,

Judgment, Decree, nr Determination thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Sheriff Depute or his Substiture and the Value or Recomprnoe, Price or Prices, io to be affrffed and declared, shall be binding and concluffve to all Intents and Pu poses whac-soever against such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, having or claiming any Right, Title, Trull, < r interest f, in, to, or out of such Houses, Grounds, or Areas as aforesaid: an<i the said Verdicts, Judgments, Orders, Sentences, and Decrees, and other Proceedings of the said ShenffD pute or his Subtlituie, so to be mad. , given, and pronounced as atoref iid, shall be fairly written on Paper or Parchment, and signed by the said Sheriff D pute or his Substitute at the making or pronouncing of the fame, and shall be recorded in the Sheriff Court Books of Edinburgh, and the fame, or Extracts thereof, shall be deemed and taken as good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equ ty whatsoever.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, that if such Jury or Juries shall adjudge ihe Premises to be of greater Value than the said Lord Pro-voft, Magistrates, and Council, or their Successors in Office, shall offer for the fame, then and in that Cafe the Costs and Charges of every Sore and Kind attending the obtaining of such AlLffment by a Jury, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Lotd Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office; and if the said Jury shall not adjudge the said Premises to be of greater Value than the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council shall offer for the fame, then and in that Cafe the said Costs and Charges shall be paid and defrayed by the Party or Parties refusing to treat or accept of the Price offered by the said Lord Provost* Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office: P ovided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by Real n of Absence be prevented from treating, such Costs and Expence- fh .11 be borne and paid by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums ot Money so to be awarded or adjudged to the Paity or P.r.xs concerned, or legal Tenders made to him ho. or them, respectively, either personally or at his, her, or their Dwelling Place or Owe I hr . Platts, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of Scotland, or into the Royal Bank of Scct/ind, in Manner by this Act directed, and Notice of such P-yment left in Writing at the Dwelling House of some 1 ma. t or Occupier of the Premises it shall then, nd not before or otherwise, be lawful to and for the said Lord Provost. Magilbates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, and to and fer their Agents or Workmen, to remove, pi ll dowr, convert, and difpi le of such Houses, Grounds, and Areas, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Lord Pm-vrift, Magistrates, and Council, and tlitir bucoessors hi Office, (hah fee fit and expedient; and t e bid Lord Provost, Migflratts a d Council, add tiierir Successors in Office, shall be indemnified therein, and be quieted in the Possefti'in of the Premises In to be ordered, c<nvir yd, and ciifpoled of under ihe Authority 6t this Act: Provided that N> tice shall be given o the TcirarfVs or Occupiers of such H uses 1b to be puffed down, me Grounds and Areas to be converted for the Purposts of this Act, Thirty Days at icalt [Lee. is Per.J S before

Expenses of

I ,:ies now tu be paid.

Cpon P’jr-

i-..’ o Pur-csic oney, the Lurtl f’ro* volt e*c may e PoftcT* '

iidHi

7o

1 n case of Want ot Title, or if P-rJons cannot be i unrt, PlK-chai'e Money Io be paid mtc the Bank ot Scotland,

Fein vesting Purctiaf'e Moines if

amounting to aool.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 3.

before the Term oiWbitfunday at which they are to be removed therefrom, by affixing a Notice in Writing so that Effect upon the most patent Door of such House or HouL-s, or serving the fame upon the principal Tenant or Occupier of Fuch Houses, Grounds, and Areas, or leaving the fame at his or her Dwelling Place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute shall arile 1 between the Parties claiming or entitled to different Interests in the

Houses, Grounds, or Areas to be purchased, pulled down, converted and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; or in case any Person or Persons > to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awatded.for the Purchase of Houses, Grounds, or Areas as aforesaid, shall refuse to accept of the fame,or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, ro the Satisfaction of the i’aid Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successurs in Office, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Houses, Grounds, or Areas, be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Laid Lord Provost, Magistraces, and Coun il, and their Successors in Office, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Houses, Grounds, and Areas (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Dil'position of the Court of Session, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a funirnary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order Distrtbution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends, or Interest arising therefrom, according to the ref( ective Effaces, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, or to make such ether Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; 2nd the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, fjecifying for what End, and for whose Ufc the fame is or are received.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid (or any Houses, Grounds, or Areas, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or arc subje ft to Life-Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infnnr, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Dirtftion and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Di* rest ion and with the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Older made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Petfonor Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Grounds, or Areas, in the Purchase or Rtderiiption

9 of

i

a

i

3t

a

M

of

it aot be d to iytl aid Itr, on id and rift, i of gio dog

:l«l

this

Loyal

Ti*

e®

t«i*

Jtttd

luWi

ndof

ir«

llbc-trfon fctbe ;f tl« th

use of

tV'

tdiif

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 3. ?i

of the Land Tax, or Difchirge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Houses, Grounds, or Areas, or affecting other Houses,

Grounds, or Areas, standing settled there with to the fame or like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and mvcfled under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Grounds, or Areas, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Ufe‘, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Houses, Grounds or Areas which shall be lb purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exilting undetermined, and capable of taking Eff:6l; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid determined by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entided to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Grounds, or Areas so hereby directed to be purenafed, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ifanyt Money so rf left than agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houses, Grounds, or Areas, *S!ce»ii!ig iat purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to

any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fnajl iexeced the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Grounds, or Areas, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy 6r Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directrd; or ocher-wife the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons, making such Option, and approved of by the said Lord Frovofl, Magistrates, and Council, and their Succtffors in Office (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Under 20I so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before-mentioned, shall be lets

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons wljp would, for die Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Grounds, or Areas so purchased, taken, or uied for ^he Purposes. of this Act, in such Manner as the said LordProvoft, Magnates, anti C >uncil, and their Successors in Office, shall think fit; or, in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, then to his. her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Ufc ano Benefit ol such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Where any

Question shall a rile ton hing the Right to fuel) Money*

The Court

may order reasonable JSxpei'ces of puicliaf s to he paid to Trustee*.

power to thel Lord Prov ft,

etc. th'; Deao ot Guild, Ad. mini and reticle m B.tillies of Leith, ex* tentfeu oVcr Groun<?6 and Buildings under n u thority of this A"i, and of the 39th of the present Reign.

power to levy a Duty cf Tonnage.

49° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.%.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Tide of any Person to any Morey to be paid into the said Banks, inpurluance of this A.'t, for the Porch if-of any Houses, Grounds, or Areas, or of a* y Estate, Right, or Interest in any Houes, Gr unds, or Areas, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possessi in thereof at the Time of fuih Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or uno. r the Possession of such Person or Perlo.iS, shall be deemed and uken to have been lawfully entitled to such H njfes, Ground-, or Areas, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the S.uis'action of the said Court of Session; and such Mon-y. and the Interest thereof, fh, 11 be paid, applied, and disposed of accord ngly, unless it shall be madr appear to the said Court, that such P fieflioo was a wrongful Poss (lion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Grounds, or Areas, or to some Estate or Interest therein,

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by re,.son of any D lability or lmapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corp< ration, entitled to any Houses, Grounds, or Area-, to be purcha ed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase M riey for the fame shall be required to be paid into the said Banks and robe applied in the Purr chafe of other Houses, Grounds, or Are--s, to be fittlrd to (he like Uses irj pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful fur the said Court to order the Expenres of all Purchase.', from Time to Time to be ma>ie in puuuance of this Act, or so much of such E*pences as the Court shall d cm reasonable, together with the neciffiry Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Lord Piovoft, Magistrates, and Ci u cii, and their Successors in Office, who shall from Time 10 Time pay such Sums of Money for such PurpoFcS as the said Court shall dited.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, nd their SmerfTors in Office, the Dean of Guild of the City of Edinburgh and his Court, and the Admiral i f South Leith and r elide At (Viapilbates ihertof, as Admiral Deputes, and the Baron Baulie and refidtnr Magistrates of Canonga,et Pkajanct, North Ltith% Coathiil, and Citadel, final I have, exirci’e a.id c<j»v, the fame Powers,-Authorities, and Juristiidion', over the whole H uses, Grounds, and Prtmifes to be purchased, Hoads, Stiects, and Buildings and other Works to be made and ertfbd by virtue of this Act, and of the he'O'e recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of (he Reign of His present Majesty, as rhey respectively now have and enjoy over the present Town of South arid North Leith, and Poit thereof.

XXV. And whereas a great Expence will be incurred in miking the aforesaid Draw bridge oppositetoCao// Bernard's Street, and in openi g and widening the several Streets and Roads before specified, and a.’so in ke-p« ing up, maintaining, and supporting the Draw-bridge already oeded, andche Drawbridge to be erected by virtue of tins Ad: And where* the Ertdion of Gates, and collecting a Pontage upon ihe afore* laid Draw-bridges would tend in a great Degree to interrupt the Com. muntcation across thr fame; be it therefore enacted, Thar, from and after the Ttmc when the said Draw-bridge to be erected oj polite to Stint Bernard’s

, - Strtsf

73

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.?,.

Street, shall be marie pafTable for Carriage1, it shall and may be lawful to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause to be levied, demanded, and taken along with the Shore Dues, presently colieded by them (the Charge to be made and the Payment to be enforced in the same Manner, and by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods by which me Charge of the aforesaid Shore Dues is made and the Payment thereof enforced,) the Sum ot One Penny Sterling upon every Ton of Goods of every Description imported at the Port ot I.cith, over and above all and every other Duty at pretent exigible by Law, to be applied in Manner herein-after directed-, and that for the railing, collcdinsr, levying, and enforcing Payment of such Tonnage Duty, such and the fame Powers and Authorities shall be competent to the said Lord Proved:, Magistrates, and Council as are competent in regard to the raising, colieding, levying, and enforcing Payment of the said Shore Dues: Provided always, thac it shall be in the Power of the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council and their Successors in Office, at any Time by an Order made in Council, to dispense with the levying of all or any Part of the said Tonnagi Duty on Coals imported at the Port ot Leith, and to recommence the levying of the fame, and so on from Time to Time, as they shall think fit.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the aforesaid powrrtoraik Tonnage Duty hereby authorized to be levied, not amounting to the tiieR:'tc-Sum of Seven and a Half per Centum of the whole Monies to be expended for the Purposes of this Act, the said Lord Provost, Magistrates,

and Council, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and collect, along with the Hate and Du.y herein-before specifird.

One Half more of the aforesaid Rite and Duty, and to continue so to do until a Surplus shall be accumula ed equal to the Amount of the whole Monies to be expended by virtue of this Act, in Manner and for the Purpose herein-afeer directed.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid Tonnage Duty so to be Application levied and received as well as any other Annual Revenue thac may arise ofd>eDu;ie». from Grounds or Areas, to be purchased by the said Lord Piovoft,

Magistrates, and Council, in virtue of this present Act, shall be applied in

keeping in complete Repair the aforesaid Draw-biidges, and in paying the Persons necessary’to be employed relative to and in the Management of the fame, the Surplus whereof (if any) to be paid to the Collector of the Dock Duties and other Annual Revenue, made payable by the before recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Maj: fly’s Reign, and applied in Payment of thelnterdl and Re-payment of the Capital Sum, to be expended for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That an Account of all the Monies to Terminnion be expended in making the said Draw-bridge, and in making and widen- of t,lc D"te,‘ ing the Streets and Roads by this Act authorized to be made and widened, and in repairing the said Draw-bridges, shall be kept separate and distinct from all other MatteTS, and as form as the Tonnage Duty hereby authorized to be levied, demanded, and taken, and any other Annual Revenue that may arise from Grounds or Areas to be acquired for the Purposes of this Act, shall amount to such a Sum (after defraying the Expence of Repairs and Management in Manner herein-before directed), as shall be [Lee. Per.] T equal

74

To levy Rr.tes for thr Use of Dry Dorks,

and of the Sheds.

Application of the Duties.

47° GEORGII III. £cff. 2. Cup.%.

eq Jal ro the Re-payment of the Did Capital Sum so to be expended for the Purp iVs of this Act, then in that F.vctu the said Tofmage Duty authd-rzcd to be lcvkd, demanded, and taken as aforesaid, shall ceale and determine.

XXIX. Ard whereas, the said Lord Piovoft, Magistrates, and Council, are at present engaged in making and conllruding a Dry Dock for the P in pole of rcpa.ring Vtff. 1-, be it thenfore en.ided, That the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall have foil Power and Authority, and they are hoeby authorized and em-poweiect to fix and levy the Rates and Duties contained in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, from every Person or Persons who shall ule the aturefuid Dry Dock or any other Dry Docks hereafter to be made for the Repair of any Vessel cr VdTels, and from Time to Time to vary and alter the aforesaid Rates, so as not to exceed 'he Sums in the said Schedule specified and contained; and Inch Rates and Duties ffi. il be levied, demanded, and token in such and the same Manner as is directed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His on-sent Majesty, with reg.rd to the Dock Duties therein authoriz.d to be levied, demanded, and taken.

XXX. 'And whereas the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, intend to erect Sheds on the Quays of the said Docks, lor the Accommodation of the Trade of the said Port of Leith, be it therefore rr.ucteJ, That the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Sj;-cessors in Office, shall have fu'l Powrr and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fix and levy the Rates and Duties following from every Person or Persons who shall ule the aforesaid Sheds, and Item Time to Time ro vary and alter the aforesaid Rates, so as not to exceed the-Sums herein-after mentioned; that is to say.

For each Ton of Eight Barrel Bujk, or for each Ton of Twenty hundred Weight, which shall nor lemaiii in the-aforesaid Sheds for a longer Time than One Week, the Sum of Two-pe ce Sterling; and the further Sum of Two-pence Sterling for crch Ton as aforesaid, which shall remain in such Sheds-longer than the afottflid Space of One Week, but not exceeding Forty-eight Hours; and the farther Sum of Two-pence for each Space o! Forty-eight Hours, during which the said Goods shall remain thereafter: ,

Which Rates and Duties shall he levied, demanded, and taken, in such and the same Manner as is herein-before directed, with regard to tha Tonnage Duty herein-before mentioned.

i

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be optional to all and every Person or Persons ro make ofe of the said Dt> Docks ind Sheds or not, as they shall think fit, and the Rates and Duties to bd levied, demanded, and taken for the Life of such Dry Docks and Shedd in Manner before-mentioned. Hull be applied in the keeping in Repair the alcresaid Dry Docks and Sheds so to i>e. conilrufted as aforesaid,: and in paying the Persons employed to take Charge of the fi^ne, the Refidua {if any) to be paid and applied in the fame Msnner and for the faron Purposes to which the Dock Duties and cither Annual Revenue, made

payable

47° GEORGII III. Sess. i. Cap.‘3. flf

payable by the said feezed Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's lleign, is hereby dirtfted to be paid and applied.

XXXII. And whereas by the said recirrd Act made in the Thirty-ninth Alteration . f Year of His present Majesty, the said Lorc Provost, Magistrates, and Council, '*"'d '.cVouty and their Successors in Office, are aut'norised and empowered to levy and in certain collect certain Rates and Duties from the Master or Commander, Owner Lases-or Owners of every S'up or Vessel brought into of using the Harbour of Leith, or the Dock, Pier, or other Works thereto bdohging, and among others the following Rates; for every Ship or Vessel from any Port between BUchaness and Eyemouth, including the Great Canal and the River Clyde as far down as Greenock coining by the Canal, the Sum of Three-

pence per Ton , and for every Ship from any other Port in Great Britain and Ireland, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton; be it enacted, That if any furh Ship or Vessel from any Port between Buchaness and Eyemouth, including the Great Canal and the River Clyde as far down as Greenock cbfrring by_ the Canal, shall remain in the Dock above Four Weeks, every such Ship or Vessl- shall, instead of the Sum of Three-pence, be charged with the Sum of Sixpence per Ton.

' XXXII!. And whereas by the said recited Act made in thd Thifty-riinth Cowprstio* Yea- of HiS p re fe nr M ajt ft y, < he TidLorU Provo ft, Magistrates,- and Cntircd, remaining la and their Successors in Office, are also authorised and empowered to itvy Do.k. and collect the following Rate; for all Ships and Vessels remaining in the Dock above 1 hree Calendar M' nths, Two-pence per Ton for each after-Month or any Part thereof, excepting Slips or V die is from Greenland or David's Straits: And whereas certain Doubts have arisen as to the Mode of computing the said Three Calendar Months , be it enacted, That the Computation of the said Three Calendar Months shall begin from the Day of any Ship or Vessel fhft entering the said Dork, and shall run on without Intcrm'fflon as long as such Ship or Vessel shall continue within the Harbour of Leith; and that the going out of such Ship or Vessel from the Dock into the Harbour, and returning afterwards into the Dock, shall not be any Interruption to the Currency of the Three Calendar Months; after which the Duty of Two-pence /wTon per Month is to commence.

XXXIV. And whereas much Inconvenience has arisen in frequently open- Ship-, leaving ing and limiting the Dock Gates for the Passage of Ships and Veflds from the Dock to the Harbour, and returning to the Dock, without Necefluy; to pay an Act-be it enacted, That every Ship or Vessel which shall leave the Dock for the dlt*un‘l1 Duty> Purpose of going into the Harbour, shall, each Time on re-entering the Dock, pay the Sum of One Penny per Ton over and above the other Dock Duties with which such Ships and Vessels are chargeable, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have left the Deck for the Purpose of cleaning or bailafting, or shall have been removed therefrom by Order of the Dock Master.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Provost, Magis- powerl0tnake

trates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall have full Power and and enforce Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and Ke'uUUon*'* enforce what Regulations, Bye-Laws, and Orders they shall judge it necessary to adopt for the Government of all Vessels frequenting the Wet or

Dry Docks, and for keeping clean the Streets, Quays, and Passages therewith connected, and infiift Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance

\?6 47° GEORGII III. Stff. 2. Cap. 3.

formance thereof, so as that no Penalty shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for anyone Offence; Provided always that such Regulations, Eye-Laws, and Orders, and the Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance thereof, as the same shall from Time to Time be made, altered, or varied, shall not be rtpugnant to the Laws of Scotland, nor to the Provisions in this Act contained, and shall be put up, either in Print or in Writing, cn such Place or Places near or adjoining to the said Docks, as the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council shall think proper, and at all Times remain and be in the said Place or Places.

Mreinai^i"

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the before-recited Acts, and all the Produce. ' visions therein contained, shall remain in full Force, and shall be extended to this present Act, except in so far as they are hereby altered, explained, and amended.

Expenct* of

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Expences of applying for and ob-the A&. taining this Act shall be defrayed out of the First and readied of the Rates and Duties authorized to be levied by the said recited Acts or this Act.

Public Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

*ni "V IlY.' v’lV " .1

V X.rr'^r,:*

-i»f. (11; ‘1 r‘l j ' li-TVip'I H-t/- -;

-r ,[ 1 ..1) I:..-

: .... r-ytn zym tfeTmf Siting

gnifl-.l ill r 1 iifii-c-.a iut; .1 }«/ :1 (J

ill. sir- a

SCHEDULE

!></ a ‘*i]

tu r- r e

u

SCHEDULES to which this Act: refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) Dock Duties.

3 Ditto, including going in,& coming out.

4 Ditto ,5 Ditto

6 Ditto

7 Ditto

8 Ditto

24 Tide*

2 Neap*

3 Ditto

4 Ditto

5 Ditto £ Ditto

7 Ditto

8 Ditto

Vessels 50 Tons. 50 and not exceeding ICO and not exceeding 150. 150 and not exceeding 2C0. 200 and not exceeding 250. 250 and not exceeding 300. 300 and not exceeding 35° 350 and not exceeding 400. 400 and not exceeding 450. 450 and not exceeding 500. 500 and not exceeding 550. 55° and not exceeding 600. 600 and not exceeding 650. 650 and not exceeding 700. 700 and not exceeding 750. 750 and not exceeding 800. 800 anal not jcceeding 850. 850 and not exceeding 900. 900 and not exceeding 950. 95° and not exceeding 1,000.

£ £ 1. £ £ £ £ £ £ * £ < £ 2- £ £ «. £ i. < £ £ 1. £ £ £ £ 2

X l6 2 2 2 8 2 !4 3 O i 6 3 12 3 18 4 4 4 10 4 16 5 5 8 5 6 0 6 6 6 12 6 18 7 4 7 xo

2 * 9 2 j6 3 3 3 10 3 17 4 4 4 > 4 is 5 5 5 12 5 '9 6 6 6 3 7 O 7 7 7 >4 8 t 8 8 8 15

2 8 2 16 3 4 3 12 4 © 8 4 t6 5 4 5 i 6 0 6 8 6 16 7 4 7 12 8 O 8 8 8 16 9 4 9 2 10 0

2 J4 3 3 3 12 4 1 4 ,0 4 *9 5 8 5 *7 6 6 6 '5 7 4 7 »3 8 2 8 «< 9 O 9 9 9 18 10 7 10 6 «< 5

3 e 3 'O 4 0 4 10 5 O 5 .0 6 0 6 .0 7 0 7 IO 8 0 8 10 9 O 9 IO xo 10 10 11 c 11 10 12 0 12 IO

3 6 3 '7 4 8 4 '9 5 IO 6 1 6 12 7 3 7 4 8 5 8 16 9 7 9 |S 10 9 XI O 11 11 .2 2 12 13 13 4 >3 >5

3 12 4 4 4 |6 5 8 6 O 6 >* 7 4 7 16 8 8 9 0 9 12 xo 4 10 l6: r 8 12 O 12 12 *3 4 13 x6 >4 8 15 0

6 O 8 0 9 O 10 0 II O 0 13 O H 0 >5 O 16 0 17 O 18 0 >9 O 20 0 21 22 0 23 0 24 0 »5 O 26 0

12 O 16 O is 0 20 0 22 0 *4 0 26 0 »8 0 3» 0 3* 0 34 O 36 0 3» O 4° 0 4* 0 44 0 46 c 48 0 5° 0 52 0

>s O 24 O 27 0 3° 0 33 0 3 0 39 O 4* 0 45 0 48 0 51 O 54 0 57 O 60 0 63 0 66 0 C9 0 72 0 75 ° 78 0

*4 0 3» 0 36 0 40 0 44 0 4* 0 5* 0 $6 0 Co ° 64 0 68 0 72 0 74 O 80 *4 0 83 0 92 0 96 0 too O 1C4 0

30 O 42 0 45 0 50 0 55 0 60 0 «5 0 70 0 75 0 so 0 *5 O 90 0 45 O 100 .05 0 no 0 115 0 120 0 "5 O 130 0

3‘ 0 48 0 54 0 60 0 66 0 72 0 78 0 S4 0 9° 0 96 0 102 0 os 0 in O 120 0 126 0 132 0 233 0 144 0 >5* 0 156 0

4* O 56 O 63 0 70 0 77 0 84 0 9< 0 ,8 0 105 0 112 0 119 0 126 0 133 O 140 0 47 0 >54 161 0 168 0 >75 0 182 0

44 0 *4 0 7* 0 80 0 88 0 96 c IO4 0 X 12 0 120 0 n8 0 136 0 144 0 >5* 0 160 0 168 0 I76 O 184 192 0 ICO 0 aoS 0

SO

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

47° GEORGII III. Self, 2. Cap. 3.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Names of Proprietors or Occupiers.

Presbytery of Edinburgh, for the Glebe.

Minister and Kirk Session of North Leith, for the Glebe.

Heirs of Steele, the Reve-

rend Mr. Buchanan, and Gilberc Hutchinson Advocate.

John Kirkpatrick, for Simes Property.

Mrs. Hume.

Mr. Finlay.

Mr. Gibb.

Mrs. Lifton.

Mr. Brown, Shipmafier.

Mr. Ramsay.

Robert Liddel.

Henry Haggart Esq.

William Sibbald Elcj.

Mr. Nimmc.

Mr. Campbell, Writer to the Signet. Mrs. Walker.

Mr. Chalmers, Leith Mount.

Mr. Wilkitfon.

Mrs. Breakenrig.

Mr. Laurie.

Mr. Ritchie, Shipmafier.

Mr. Artchiefcn.

Earl of Hopetown, under the Management of Mr. Sheriff.

Robert Sheriff.

Andrew Thomson.

O plain Todd.

Adam Peacock.

Mr. Gectdes.

Mrs. Oliph mr.

William Giles.

Patrick Haddaway.

Jo'm Cuntieil.

Andrew Caffds.

William Balleny.

Berthwick, Young and Company. John Jobation.

Alexander Hitt.

John Kelly.

Alexander Goatee.

Allan MacLsottgaL Harry Davidfba.

Robe.t Wilson.

Paterson and Miilont s.

LONDON: Printed by George F.vke and Attnusw Stkahax. Printers to the King*? mod FxcelU-n? Majesty. s!7-cy.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Cap. 4.

An Act for erecting a County Hall, and other Offices, for the County of Perth.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Hall, or Court Room in the City and Royal Burgh of Perth, which is commonly used by the Lords Commissioners of the Court of Judiciary upon the Circuit, by the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Heritors of the County of Perth, at their general and other Meetings, and also by the Sheriff Depute of the fai I County, and his Substitutes, for the Purpose of administering Justice, and discharging the other Duties of their Offices, is inconveniently situated, too fmali, and altogether incommodious and unsuitable for the i'everal Purposes abovementioned; and it is expedient and necessary to provide a proper Judiciary and County Hall for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas no pu lie Office, or Place, is at present provided for the Deposit and safe Custody of the Public Records of the County of Perth (excepting such as may happen to be so employed by the Persons for the Time being, holding and exercising the several Offices of Sheriff Clerk, Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of Supply, Clerk of Freeholders, Clerk of Turnpike Roads and Highways, Keeper of the Register of Sa-fmeSjOr other public Offices, within the said County,which Places so employed are private Property, and not secure against Fire or Damp); and it is very important to the Rights and Interests of all Proprietors of Lands in the said County, and other Persons connected therewith, that an Office or Place [Lac. & Per.J X foe

82

Commissioners.

Meetings.

Quorum.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 4.

for the Deposit and safe C.ustody of the said Records should be provided and kept within the said City and Royal Burgh of Perth, as being the head Buroh of the County: And whereas no Provisions are contained in any existing Law for determining by what Persons, or out of what Description of Property or Funds, or in what Manner the Expence of building, providing and maintaining such Judiciary and County-Hall is, or ought to be paid; nor is there at present any Fund for building, and providing, and maintaining a public Office, or Place, for the Denofit and late Cudody of the public Records of the said County, all of which Buildings will be of great Benefit, as well to the County of Perth at large, as to the City and Royal Burgh of Perth. May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply of the County of Perth, being in the actual Pafledion of the Property or Dominium utile of Lands, valued in the Cess-Books of the said County, at One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; the Sheriff-Depute of the County of Perth and his Suboitutes, and the chief Magistrates of the City and Royal Burgh of Perth, and of the Royal Burgh of Culrofs, all for the Time being shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Commissioners for building, altering, enlarging, improving, furnishing, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Hall, Offices, and Places before-mentioned, for making Avenues to the fame, and for executing all the other Powers by this Act committed to the said Commissioners.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall hold Two dated Meetings at Perth every Year, One on the same Day on which the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Perth diall meet for the Purpose of assessing the Land Tax on the said County, and the 6ther upon the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of the said County, and shall hold their Fird Meeting on the Fourth Monday after the passing of this Act; of which Fird Meeting the Sheriff-Clerk of the said Counry is hereby directed and required to give Nonce by Advertisement in any Two Newspapers usually circulated through the said County, at lead Ten Days before the Day of such Meeting; and the Sheriff-Clerk shall have Power, and he is hereby ordered and required, when directed (by a Writing under the Hands of any Three or more. Commissioners), to call at any Time an extraordinary Meeting of Commissioners, to be held at Perth, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, and also Notice of the Purpose of the Meeting; and at such Meeting no Business diall be entered or decided upon, other than what shall be specified in the Notice given as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any ordinary or extraordinary Meeting, to refeind, alter, or vary the Determination of any former ordinary or extraordinary Meeting, unless previous Notice of the Intention of so doing, and the Time of the Meeting, be given by Advertisements in the Newspa pers as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That at all ordinary and extraordinary Meetings of the said Commissioners, any Fifteen of them shall be a Quorum, who shall have Power to adjourn to any future Day; and if a Quorum of Commis-

4 Loners

83

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cup. 4.

sioners shall not be present, any one or more Commissioners present shall have Power to adjourn, but not to do auy other Business.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Person (other than those herein before-named Commissioners by virtue of their Offices), not qualified as aforesaid shall, notwithstanding, presume to act as a Commissioner, in the Execution of this Act, every fuel) Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum r. it exceeding Fifty Pounds, hefides the Expence of Prosecution, to be levied by summary Complaint of any One of the said Comtnif sioners before the Justices of the Peace for the County of Perth, at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff’-Depute, or Substitute of the said County, to be paid to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Proof of Qualification shall he upon the Person complained of.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, at their Firff, or any subsequent Meeting, shall, by a Plurality of Voices, elect a Praefes, and appoint a Clerk and Treasurer, to hold and exercise these Offices, at the Will and Pleasureof the said Commissioners, either separately or jointly, with reasonable Salaries, or other Allowances for their Trouble; and such Clerk and Treasurer shall find Security for the due Execution of their Offices, and shall at all Times obey the lawful Commands and Instructions of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, appoint a Committee or Committees of their Nuniberto luperintend the Progress of the Buildings to be erected, or to carry into effect any of the Purposes of this Act, to whom they mav delegate iueh of the Powers hereby granted to the said Commissioners as they shall think fit.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, to assess, or cause to be nffefled, upon all Lands and Fishings valued in the Cess-Books of the said County, any Sum, not exceeding Three Times the Amount of the annual Land-Tax actually paid for such Lands and Fishings, and of the Land-Tax formerly paid for Lands and Fishings, the Land-Tax of which is now redeemed: which Assessment shall be levied, recovered, and collected, in the same Manner, and by the fame Means, as the Payment of the Land-Tax is levied, recovered, and collected, either by the Collector of the Land-Tax (he receiving a reasonable Reward for his Trouble), or by such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose; which Collector of the Land-Tax, or other Person or Persons to be so appointed as aforesaid, shall account for and pay over the said Assessment to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer for the Time being, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and under the fame Conditions and Penalties as the Collector of the Land-Tax, and of the assessed Taxes, is, or shall be obliged to account for and pay over the Land-Tax and assessed Taxes, or either of them, to the Receiver General thereof, or Person appointed to receive the same, on behalf of His Majesty, Flis Fleirs and Successors; Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to levy, or cause to be levied, in any one Year, a greater Proportion or In-ftahnent of the said Assessment, than shall amount to One-half of the whole

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

May elect a Pracfes, Clerk, and Treasurer.

Power to appoint a Committee.

Affrffment for effecting the Purposes of the Act.

Not more than the Amount of Half the

s4

annual Laud Tax to be levied in one Year.

I? City of Perth makes a free Grant of Ground, no Assessment to be made on it.

Commissioners may borrow Money.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 4.

whole annual Land-Tax of the said County, including the Land-Tax formerly paid for Lands and Fishings, the Land-Tax of which is now redeemed, nor shall any Indalment be less than One-fourth of the annual Land-Tax

of the said County so estimated as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided also, That if the Incorporation of the said City and Royal Burgh of Perth shall make a free Grant to the said Commissioners, of a Space of Ground, sufficient for the Site or Area of the aforesaid Hall, Offices and Places, and Avenues to the fame, no Part or Portion of the said Assessment shall be levied on the Lands or Fishings belonging to the Incorporation of the said City and Royal Burgh, nor upon any of the Lands or Fishings within the said City and Royal Burgh of Perth, or Bounds thereof; but the said Assessment and Instalments thereof shall in that Cafe be estimated and levied in the same Manner as if the Lands and Fishings belonging to the said Incorporation of the City and Royal Burgh of Perth, and the said City and Royal Burgh and Bounds thereof made no Part of the said County of Perth: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or condrued to relieve the said City and Royal Burgh of Perth, or Inhabitants thereof, or any other Persons, of any Obligations they may be under, either by Law or otherwise, to build and maintain a Gaol or Prison for the said County or City and Royal Burgh of Perth, or to provide Parts or Portions of the Furniture, Benches, or other Accommodation necessary for, or belonging to such Gaol or Prison, and fora Judiciary Hall, or the Apartments therewith connected, in the said City and Royal Burgh of Perth.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to borrow and take up at Intered, on the Security of the Assessment hereby authorised to be levied, such Sum or Sums of Money as they (had judge requifxte for defraying the Expence of erecting the said Hall, Offices, and Places, and procuring Plan? and Edimates for the fame, together with every other Expence attending the applying for and passing of this Act, and carrying the lame into Execution, provided that the whole Amount of the Monty so borrowed shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds Sterling: And it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to assign or make over the Whole or any Part of the Assessment hereby authorised to be imposed and levied, to any Person or Persons from whom the Money aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be borrowed, as a Security for Payment thereof, and the Intered arising thereon, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and such Assignments in Security for Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners or their Clerk for that Purpose, which Book or Books may be seen and perused by any Person or Persons in any way intereded therein, without Fee or Reward; and the Assignments in Security to be granted by the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be transferable by Indorsement duly subscribed by the Party transferring in the Presence of one or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses; which Assignments, so to be granted by the said Commissioners, shall be made and executed by their Clerk, in their Name, on their Behalf, he being fpscialty authorised so to do by a general Meeting of Commissioners: Provided always, that the said Commissioners,

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 4.

missioners, or their Clerk, or such Persons as they may appoint to receive the Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, shall not be personally subject to pay the fame by reason of their authorising the Signature of, or signing such Bonds as before directed.

X. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power and Authority to employ and contract with Artirts, Tradesmen, and other Persons for making Plans of, and for erecting the said Hall, Offices, and Places, and to direct Alterations and Improvements thereon, at all Times, during the Execution of the Work, and to do whatever may be necessary, proper, and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act completely into Effect, and to purchase suitable Furniture for the said Hall, Offices, and Places, when the same are completed.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Hall, Offices, and Places, when finished, with the Furniture thereof, and Avenues leading to the fame, together with all Materials for Building, for the Purpose of being made use of for the fame, which are not the Property of their Agents or Contraft-ors, shall be vested in the said Commissioners, and they or their Treasurer are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action before any Court competent as accords against any Person or Persons who shall steal or take away, or receive if stolen, any such Materials, or disturb the said Commissioners in the Use thereof.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue and be sued for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurerfor the Time being, and that no Action or Suit wherein the said Commissioners shall be concerned as Pursuers or Defenders in the name of their Clerk or Treasurer by virtue of this Act shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, but that the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall be deemed to be the Pursuer or Defender (as the Case may be), in every such Action; and that the said Commissioners shall be intitled to acquire all Rights of Property and Servitude connected with the said Buildings, Hall, Offices, and Places, and the Site or Area thereof, and Avenues leading to the fame, and that the Rights and Conveyances thereof to the said Commissioners shall be taken in favour of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, and his Successors in Office, which Rights and Conveyances so taken shall be sufficient for vesting the Subjects thereby conveyed in the said Commissioners.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be and they are hereby empowered to contract and agree with;the Sheriff-Clerk of the said County for the Time being for a Rent to be paid by him for the Rooms, Apartments, and Offices, which shall be used by him as the Sheriff-Clerk’s Office of the said County, which Rent shall be a Fund for keeping in Repair the said Hall, Offices, and Places, and the Furniture thereof, and Avenues leading to the fame in all Time coming; and in case any Difference shall arise between the said Commissioners and the said Sheriff-Clerk for the Time being, as to the Amount of the Rent to be paid by the said Sheriff-Clerk for the Rooms, Apartments, and Offices so to be used by him, the

[Loc. & Per.2 T Rent

85

May contra A for Buildings, See.

Buildings to be ere fled and vested in the Commissioners.

May sue and be sued in Name of their Clerk or Treasurer.

Conveyances to the Commissioners to be taken in name of their Treasurer.

May agree for a Rent of Sheriff-Clerk’s Office, which shall be a Fund for Repairing the Buildings.

86

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 4.

Rent to be paid by the said Sheriff-Clerk shall be settled and fixed by the Sheriff Depute of the County vlJkflb.

Enpenccsof

XIV. And be it enacted, That the whole Expences of preparing, pro-this Act how curing, and passing this Act, and all other Expences attending tire fame, to be paid, shall be paid and defrayed out of the first and rcadieft Monies borrowed or collected by virtue of this Act.

Limitation of

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenc-Actions. ed against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed or Cause of Actioil accrued, for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought, and the Defender or Defenders in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had; thereupon.

jh \ 17^1 /I illr kJ

Public A St.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a

Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

Si.- - }"*»IHvr -

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

X

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SelT 2.

Cap. 5.

An Act to enable The London Dock Company to purchase certain Water Works in the Parishes of Stratford, West ham. Bow, Bromley, Mile End, and Stepney, and other Parishes adjacent; and to amend the several Acts for making Wet Docks, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Water Works in the Parish of Saint Paul’s Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Water Works: And whereas an Att was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for empowering George Montgomerie and Thomas Bird, Esquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking for furnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parifoes and Places of Stratford, Westham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End, Stepney, and other Parishes and Places adjacent, with Water; and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Ar. Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, [Doc. (A Per.j Z within

$ St 4 tV. & M. c. 37.

iiG.i. c.*. 40G.3. *.47,

9°

47° GEORGII III. Sefr. 2. Cap.

'within the Port of London, by which foil-mentioned Act the said London Dock Company were authorized and tiinecled to pt»chafe gnd take to themselves and their Sttccefiims, ac if d«y were a fiody Corporate, all the Land or Ground, Water Hordes and Water Works, with the Appurtenances belonging to the Governor and Company of the Water Works and Water Hoides kj Siad-i^tt aforesaid; and the said London Dock Company accordingly made such Purchase, in the Manner and upon the Terms prescribed by the said Ail: And whereas an del was passed in the Lorry-four'll Year 44 G 5-c-z. of pfjs present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And whereas another Act was passed in the said Forty-fourth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, 4., j. coco, iogyd^d,' An Act for warehousng Goods within the Limits of certain Docks, made under an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His pre-Jent Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for making Wet Docks, Rafons, Cuts, and

other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and to make Regulations

relating to the said Docks :’ And whereas an Act was passed in die Forty-45 G. 3. c. 53. fifth

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Aid to alter and

amend an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Conbnerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for extending the Powers and Provifcns of the said Act: And whereas ,an Act was passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His pre-4SG.3-c.s9. fcpi Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to alter and amend several AHs puffed in thg Fortieth Forty fourth, and Forty-fifth Years cf His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company And whereas the Water Works established under the Authority of the said Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of King George the Second, might be more conveniently and beneficially carried bn than at present, if {he fame were pprehafed by and vested in the said London Dock Company, and conducted by them; and the said Company are therefore desirous of purchasing such Water Works, and have agreed with the Proprietors thereof for fu,ch Purchase, subject to the Sanction and Authority of Parliament in that behalf: And whereas the Powers and Provisions in the said several Acts, relating to The London Dock Company, are found by Experience tu be defective and insufficient, and it is therefore expedient that those Acts should be further altered and amended, and that further and other Powers and Authorities should be given to the said London Dock Company in the Premises; may it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Com dm v may and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority contract for of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and the Purchase Managers of the Concerns of the said London Dock Company, or any of the eft.- Thirteen or more of them for the Time being, to contract and agree for Water the Purchase, and to take a Conveyance, Surrender, and Assignmertt, or Works. . . Conveyances,

47° GEORGII III. Sell". 2. Cap. 5. V1

Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, by such Deeds and A els in Law as shall be requisite in that Behalf, of all and singular the said Water Works established under and by virtue of the said Act, passed in the 1 \Ven-.ty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and all the freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tene-.inents, Hereditaments, and other the Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Property of every Description, and wheresoever situate, appertaining to the said Water Works, and of and belonging to the Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Water Works, and other the Premises, as such Proprietors, and every Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their and every of their Appurtenances.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said 1 all-mentioned Water Works, Veiling the

Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and other &c

the Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Property last-mentioned, and every jnthe London Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their Appurtenances respectively. Dock Com-shall, when and as loon as the same shall be purchased by, and conveyed, Pan7* fuitendered, or alligned to the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of

them, as aforesaid, become and be veiled in thb said London Dock Company and their Successors, for the Purposes of the said Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and also for the Purposes of this Act; and from thenceforth all the Powers, Privileges, Authorities, Duties, and Offices given and created by the said Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, may and shall for ever be exercised, enjoyed, and performed respectively, by the said London Dock Company and their SutcelTors.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- The Company to have and use a Common Seal, and the fame Seal to break, change, Pa»y may use and make anew, as often as to them shall seem expedient, and to put such g^a'[>lnmon Seal to all or any Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things to be done by the ’

said Company.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Acts, Deeds, Matters, All Acts, 8cc.

and Things, which by the said Acts passed in relation to the said Docks, done byThir-or any of such Acts, are required or allowed to be done by Thirteen teen Direct-Directors of the said Company, or by any other specified Number of such Directors, shall, if resolved or directed to be done by such respective Num- aone under bers of the said Directors, after the passing of this Act, and sealed with the Common the Common Seal of the said Company, be of the fame Force, Validity, ttie

and Effect respectively, according to the Nature of such Acts, Deeds, 31 ComPiIV-Matters, and Things respectively, as the fame would have been if done

and signed by the like Number of the said Directors respectively before the passing of this Act, or as the same Act>, Deeds, Matters, and Things Would have been if done and signed by such respective Numbers of the said Directors after the passing of this Act; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Directors and Managers of rireftora and tho said London Dock Company, elected from Time to Time, pursuant to Managers of the Directions of #he said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be the Go- company to*5

VemOTS be the Govec-

92 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 5.

non and Ida- vemors and Managers of the said Shadwell Water Works, without any raa*w°fthe other Election, Choice, or Nomination, made pursuant to the Directiona Works! with- of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Year of King William and Queen out being Mary, or otherwise howsoever, and shall have such Power to purchase elected in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to them, their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said last-mentioned Water Works, and the a" of 3d 6c Concerns and Business thereof, and also for the Use of the said other 4th Will, and Water Works, and the Concerns and Business thereof, when the fame Mar)-. shall become vested in the said London Dock Company as aforesaid, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, as the former Proprietors of such Water Works respectively had, under the said recited Acts of the Third and Fourth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and the Twenty-first Year of King George the Second.

Tins Act not vi. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this colter a 'y Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give to the Powers to the London Dock Company any Powers or Authorities in relation to the said Dock Com- Shadwell Water Works, or as to the said other Water Works, when to The ve^e<^ 'n them as aforesaid, as to the taking of any Lands, Tenements, Water Works or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of the Water Works, or as to than the for- the making of any Reservoirs, or aqueducts, Waterways, Feeders, or mer Proprie- Ponds, or laying of any Mains or Pipes, or as to extending such Works, d°r\heAa» and the Supply of Water from the same, or for any other Purpose what-cf 3d & 4th soever, other than such Powers and Authorities as might, in relation to william and the Matters’aforesaid, have been used, exercised, or extended, and put in Mary, and force by the former Proprietors of such Water Works, under the said lift George recited Acts of the Third and Fourth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and the Twenty-first Year of King George the Second.

For repealing

VII. And whereas in and by the said Act, passed in the Forty-first a certain Pro- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Provision was made for the

ufionm Afl Accommodation of the Public passing to and through Wapping, which +I y Provision is found to be inadequate to the Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the fame should be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said last-inemioned Act, as required the said London Dock Company, within Nxie Months after the passing of that Act, to erect and set up a Fool Bridge at the inner Part of the Entrance Lock therein mentioned, and all the Provisions relating to such Foot Bridge, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

Tl(draining

VIII. And whereas the said London Dock Company have now given the Company Up? for the Accommodation or the Inhabitants of Wapping, and the Parts ing'c/rtr.in " adjacent, the Publick at large, certain Portions of their Ground to Portion' of increase the Width of Wapping Street, from the South-west Comer of Ground given Rujjiirs Buildings, in the Parish of Saint George, to the Carriage Bridge up by them, acrtJfs the Entrance Lock, and from the said Bridge to the South-west Kn rthem'to Corner of the Watch-house in and belonging to the Parish of Saint John keep in Re- of Wapping, on the North Side of the said Street; and from the North-pair the weft Comer of the Passage leading to Wapping Old Stairr to the said Car-15 ndg«»,8ic. r;age Bridge; anil from the said Bridge to a Point on the South Side of trance Lock Street, opposite to and in a direct Line with the West Side

3 of

4f GEORGII III. SefTI 2. Gap}*

Ii,.-fed's BuTding, aforesaid, on the North Side of the said-Streep and* ‘ thfo'fepy 'have niad^'tha Jatd Street, called Wapping^ Street^ including Foot and Carriage Ways,' mere. than Thirty-four Feet wide, where the fame *palTeS through (he "Property of the said Company: And whereas the* 'faiif CoiiipahyT in order to give further Accommodation- to the Publick, 'have jnefeifed the Width of the Bridges or Passages over the Gates of the Entrance Lock from the River Thames, to the London Docks, so that such Bridges dor Passages last-mentioned are now of the Width of Five Feet and Six Inches where the Jacks caused Obstruction, and have made paved Pathways from Wapping Street aforesaid to the said Gates, and the Bridges or Passages over the fame of the Width of Fifteen Feet and upwards, on each Side of the said Entrance Lock; be it therefore enacted, That the said London Dock Company shall not at any Time hereafter be entitled to resume or reclaim the said Portions of their Ground so given up by them as aforesaid, to make Wupping Street wider; and also, that the said London Dock Company, and their Succdfors, shall, at their Costs and Charges, maintain and keep, and they are hereby required, for ever hereafter, to maintain and keep of the present Width, and in perpetual Repair, for the Use and Accommodation of the Publick, the said Bridges or Passages. over the said Gates of the said Entrance Lock, and the Pavement of the said Pathways leading thereto on each Side of the said Entrance Lock.,) - fit

9.3

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after die passing of Actions to be this Act, it shall be lawful for the said London Dock Company, and they fommenced are hereby empowered to commence, prosecute and defend all Actions and Suits wherein they are or shall be concerned or int-erected, by and in surer jQ t[f0ar the Name of the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being, and LondonDock also to prefer any. Indictment or Indictments, or information or Informa- Company, tions, against any Person or Persons, for any Offence committed against the said Company, in any Matter or Thing relating to the said Company, or as to any Goods, Chattels, or Property, of or belonging to the said Company, either as to their Docks or Water Works, or otherwise, or in relation to any Property in their Custody; and the Name of such Treasurer Ityill and may be used in all such Indictments and Informations, and in all other legal Proceedings, as to any such Matters, Things,

Goods, Chattels, or Property, as and for the said Company; and the Death of such Treasurer, or the Resignation, or other Act of any such.

Treasurer, shall not abate any such Suit or Information.

X. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That nothing herein Foi-preserv. contained shall derogate or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or ing the Right! Privileges belonging to or vested in the Trustees of the River Lea, by °*tfle Tnif-virtue of the several Acts now in force for the Regulation of the Naviga- r Lea*

non thereof; and that the London Dock Company shall not, by working rfie" said Water Works (jointly or otherwise) under this Act, derive or have or exercise any larger or more extensive Power of taking Water from the River Lea, or any of the Cuts, Streams, or Feeders apper-t lining thereto, than belonged to the Proprietors of the Westham Water Works, before the passing of this Act, any Thing herein contained to i5e contrary notwithstanding.

*° [Lot. It? Per.-] A a

94

Saving Clause of the Rights of the Lords of the Manor of Weltham.

For paying the Expences of this Act;

[Public Act.]

And declaring this Act a

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cup. 5.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained

in this Act, nor any 'J'hing contained or alledged. in the;, J.mpA£t pallid in the Twenty-full Year of the Reign of His late Majesty the

Second, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Idkn, prejudice, take away, or defeat any lawful Claim, Right, Title, or imereti of George yo/j;j/?is«t’T.squire, and James Humphreys Esquire, the Lords of the Manor of Wejibatn in the County of Essex, or their or any of their Tenants; but that the said George John Jione and James Humphreys, and the Lords or Lord of the fame Manor for the Time being, iltall and may, at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Waites, Waite Ground, Fisheries, Streams, Rights of Soil, and other Privileges and Franchises whatsoever, appertaining or incident to such Manor, or lawfully granted with the fame', or any Part thereof; and that all Tenants of the fame Manor, ihn.ll and may hold and enjoy all Rights and Privileges to them respectively belonging, in as ample and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act or the said last-mentioned Act had never been nude.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall pay and "efifeharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, with

and out of any of the Monies belonging to the said Company,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

Sig-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

I*

Cap. 6.

An A <fl for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His pre-lent Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Castle of Chester, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the j8 G j,e.8». Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the CaJlle of Chester, the Prothonatory’s Office, the hxchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, and for making proper Tards and Conveniences thereto, it «as enacted, that the act'ng Justices of the Peace for the County ok Chester for the time being should be and were thereby constituted Commissioners for carrying the same Act into Execution: And whereas it was by the said Act enacted, that it should be lawful for any Seven or more of the Commissioners authorized to carry the fame into Execution to appropriate, for the Purposes of the said Act, a certain Portion of the Castle Yard and other Land or Ground belonging to the said Castle of Chester in the said Act particularly described, and bounded as therein mentioned, and which Land or Ground when so taktn and appropriated it was thereby enacted should be veiled for ever in the Custos Rotulorum of the said County, and his Successors as a Corporation Sole, in Trust for the Purposes of the said Act, but it is by the said Act provided that the Authority given to the said Commissioners to appropriate the Portion of the Castle Yard and other Land and Ground belonging to the Castle of Chester, and the absolute veiling thereof in the Custos Rotulorum of the said County, and his Successors, for the Purposes of the said Act, should be void and of no Effect unless the said Coaunissioners should so appropriate the fame within Two [Lee. &Per.~] B b Years

98

47° GEORGII III. Sess. s. Cap. 6.

Years from the First Day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-ei ;ht, and should complete the building of such new Gaol on or near the Site of the old Gaol within Ten Years, to be computed from the First Day of Au^tjl One thousand Even hundred and eighty-eight: And whereas soon after the passing of the said Act the Commissioners thereby appointed did begin to carry the fame into Execution, and did appropriate such Part of the said Castle Yard as in the said Act mentioned for the Purposes of the said Act, and the said Commissioners have by virtue and in further Execution of the said Act taken down and removed the said Gaol, the Shire Hall, Exchequer Court, Prothonotary’s Office, and P.e-cord Rooms, and o her Offices and Buildings adjoining thereto, and have upon the ire thereof, and on other adjacent Ground, erected a new Gaol, Shire Half Proth notary’s Office, Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings, which are now appropriated fot the several Purposes for which the said Buildings so taken down as aforesaid were heretofore made use of, but the Whole of the Buildings intended to be erected under the Powers and for the Purposes of the said Act are not yet completed, and it is found requisite for securing a free Circulation of Air to the said Gaol, and providing proper Avenues and Outlets thereto, and for other the Purposes of the said Act that several addi ional Buildings, and Boundary and other Walls should be erected, and that the said Castle Yard should be enlarged and extended: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have in pursuance of the Powers to them thereby given purchased several Buildings, and Parcels of Land or Ground near or adjoining to the said Castle of Chejlkt, or the Castle Yard there, which have been conveyed unto or become vested in the Custos Rotulorum of the said County of Chester pursuant to the Powers and Provisions of the said Act: And whereas some Parts of the Land, Ground, or Buildings, which have been so purchased, or the Site thereof, have already been or are intended to be made use of for the Purposes before mentioned, and it hath been proposed that in order to enlarge the Esplanade or Yard In the Front of the said Gaol, and thereby to ertfure at all Times a free Circulation of Air to the fai I Gaol, and other Building, the present Prevoft, , arracks, and Guard Room, which' are insecure and insufficient for the Purposes of the Garrison of the Castle of Chester, shall be taken down and rebuilt on the North Side of the said Castle Yard, at the Distance of Nine Yard-', or thereabouts, from the North East Corner of the fai 1 Gaol: And whereas there are some small Angles and Parcels of Land and Buildings which have been so purchased as aforesaid, which will not be necessary to be made use of for any of the Purposes before me tioned, and other Email Angles and Parcels of Land to be hereafter purchased by the said Commissioners under the Powers of the said Act, may also remain unapplied for the like Purposes, and which small Angles and Parcels of Ground might be sold or disposed of to Advantage, but by the said Act there is no Pow^r given to the said Commissioners, or to the Custos Rotulorum of the said County, to sell or dispose of any such small Angles or Parcels of Land or Buildings which have been or may be purchased, and not afterwards made use of for the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas the said Comm ffioners have also in pursuance and under the Powers of the said Act taken up at interest on Mortgage of the County Rates for the said County of Chester, several Sums of Money from different Persons, some of which Sums have been borrowed at the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Cen.um Annual interest, an,) others at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum Annual Interest, the Interest of which Sums hath been hitherto paid and UiicLargeJ out of the Funds by live said Act made applicable to that Purpose,

99

4/ GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 6.

pctfe, and other Sums of Money may'be hereafter necessary to be borrowed r and taken up at Interest for the like Put-poles: And whereas it was determined by-the said Act further enacted, that as soon as the Buildings thereby authorized to be erected should be completed, and before any Money should be applied in Difch.irge of the Principal Money due on any such Mortgage*, the said _ Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, should, by publick Advertise-rnent, convene a General Meeting of the said Commissioners, and that all the said Mortgages should there and then be drawn by Lot by the Clerk of the said Gotn'mifSoners and be numbered according to the Event of such l Drawing; and that the Mortgages so drawn and numbered should be regularly discharged in succession of Numbering, according to the Number so to be marked on each Mortgage, and agreeably to the Order in which they should be drawn, and at such respective Times as should be limited by an Order of the said Commissioners to be made at such Meeting; so that the whole Money due on lueh Mortgages should be discharged within the Space of Fourteen Years from the Time of such Meeting: And whereas several of the Persons who advanced Money on the said Mortgages at the Ra'e of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annual Interest have applied to the said Commissioners or to their Clerk and Treasurer, eithei to have the Principal Money due to them now discharged, or to have the Interest thereon advanced to the Ra'e of Five-Pounds per Centumpet\Annum, being the present current Rate of Interest, but the said Commissioners are not authorized by the said Act either to raile the Interest; on the said Lift-mentioned Mortgages, or to pay oft and discharge the Principal Money due thereon, until the Buildings by the said Act authorized to be erected shall have been wholly completed,’ although the said Commissioners might, if authorized so'to do. Annually discharge several of such Mortgages out of the Surplus of the said County Rate, or out of other Funds subject to their Disposal, which would be to the At!vantage of the Inhabitants Of the said

County, and to the Convenience of fettral of the Persons entitled to: the Principal Money due on such Mortgages and the Interest thereof:

And whereas’ it is expedient that further Powers shoel I be given toy the said Commissioners, and to the Custos Rotulorum of the said County, by t-hei Consent and Direction, as to the several Matters before-mentioned and set for h, and the said Act requires to be amended in other respects:

May it therefore, please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kt ‘g’s moll Excdltnt Majesty, by and with the Advice anti Consent of the L rbs Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this The Act eon. present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the firms the Ap-Appropriation which hath in pursuance of the said Act been made by the said Commissioners the eby appointed, of aPortion of the said Cattle Yard, t)le and oth.r L aid or Ground belonging to the said Castle of Che/ier, for the Yard to the Pu’ poses of the said Act, shall be and is hereby confirmed, and that such Pur-pfes of Portion o! the said Castle-Yard, and other Land and Ground so appropri- ^!e Ac"t ated as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be firmed ° not. and runain vested in the Custos Rotulorum of the said County, and his withstanding Successors for the Time being, as a Corporation Sole, in Trust for the t,e Building Purposes of the said Act, notwithstanding the building of the said new pthe fa'd Gaol and other Offices by the said Act authorized to be erected, hath not teen com-0t been completed within the Time prescribed by the said Act for that Pur- pleted within pose; any Claul'e, Proviso, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in the said th- Time recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. f^ri^T f"e~

II. And be it. further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as Part of

enables all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Securities shall be given formes A&

° to touching

IOO

Stamp Duties repealed.

That in order to ensure a free Circulation of Air to the Gaol, the Castle Yard when enlarged as proposed shall remain open, and that no Building shall be erected upon it.

Power of

felling detached Pieces of Land or Building not made use of for the I'ur-pose: of this Act.

Treasurer’s Receipts to be Dischar-

Commis* Conors may pay off Mortgage at such

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 6.

to transfer and assign the fame without any add tional Stamp Duty being charged thereon, shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes ‘whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That in order to ensure at all Times hereafter a free Circulation of Air to the said Gaol, and the Yards and Buildings belonging thereto, such Part of the Castle Yard as lies to the North-West of the Buildings which have been erected under the Powers of the said Act shall, when so enlarged or extended as herein-before mentioned, and from Time to Time and at all Times, remain open and be made use of for the several Purposes to which the said Castle Yard heretofore hath beat and now is used and appropriated; and that no Building, except a Boundary Wall, and Gateway or Portal, shall at any Time be erected thereon after the same shall have been so enlarged cr extended, by any Person or Persons whatsoever; and that if any such Building shall be erected it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be taken down and removed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Cujlas Rotulorum of the said County for the Time being, in whom any Lands or Buildings which may have been or which may hereafter be purchased by the said Commistioners, may remain veiled in Trust for the Purposes of the said Act, and which Lands or Buildings may not be found necessary for any of those Purposes, but may in the Judgement of any Five or nv're of the said Commissioners, to be assembled at any Meeting of the fame Commissioners, be advmtageously disposed of for the Purpose of Building upon, or any other Use not interfering with the Provisions of the said Act, with the Consent of any such Five Commissioners, to fell and absolutely dispose of the same to any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, for the best Price or Value in . Money that can in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more ef them, be had or gotten for the fame; and the Money arising from the Sale of such Pieces or Parcels of Land, which may be absolutely fold and disposed of, shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and be by hint applied, disposed of, and accounted for, under the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners, for the like Purpose as any other Money which he may have received as such Treasurer as aforesaid shall or may be applied or disposed of, and accounted for, under and by virtue of the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being for the Purchase or Consideration Money arising from the Sale of all or any of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land which shall be so absolutely fold and disposed of for a Consideration in Money as aforesaid, or for any Sum or Sums of Money which may be paid to him under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be valid and effectual Discharges to all and every Person or Persons who shall so pay the fame several Sums or Rents reflectively, and such Person or Persons, after the Payment of such Sum or Sums, Rent or Rents, shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of the fame, nor be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Mrs-application, or Nonapplication thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to pay.off ana discharge all or any of the Sum or Sums of

vra id-ij ' _ Money

lot

47° GEORGII III. Seif. 2, Cjp. 6.

iVJOney which they already have or may hereafter borrow and take up at Time? and in Interest on Mortgage of the County Rates of the said County of Chtjhr a"ctlJ)fyrni" aforesaid, in such Order, and at such Time or Times, as the said Com- think proper, missionersj or any Five or more of them, who shall be assembled at any without Meeting to be held purhlant to the said Act, shall think proper, notwith- kiting, {landing the , Buildings authorized to be erected under the Powers of the said Act shall not have been then completed, and without drawing Lots to determine the Course in which the said Mortgages shall be paid off and discharged, or making a Numerical Lift of the same as directed by the said Act, but so nevertheless that all the Principal Money, and Interest due upon all and every such Mortgage and Mortgages as aforesaid, shall be wholly paid off and discharged at or before the End of Fourteen Years from the Time of the Completion of the Buildings and other Works authorized to be erected and made under the Powers of the said Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That until such of the said Mortgages And maj. as carry Interest at the Rate of Four founds and Ten Shillings per Centum advance the per Annum shall be discharged. it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to of In-raile and advance the Interest on such last-tnentioned Mortgages, or any of te"jj them, to any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per to f. 5 Annum, and for that Purpose any Three or more of the said Commission- per Centum ers, who may be authorized by the Order of Five or more of them affem-

bled at any Meeting to be held, under the said Act, shall sign a Minute Or Memorandum, to be indorsed upon the said last-mentioned Mortgages, or any of them, declaring that the fame and the Principal Money thereby secured, shall irom thenceforth carry Interest at imy Rale not exceeding ’

Five Pounds /^r Centum per Annum as aforesaid, and af ter the signing of ! such Minute or Memorandum the Mortgage or Mortgages* Whereon the* i fame shall be indorsed, and the Principal Money thereof secured, shall carry the Rate of Interest in such Minute or Memorandum mentioned. . ' r>,b > ’ -

jiuility. jli Lm, , amril >r‘: j t nntjop (> burl »<J yitsflj k siom

VIII. And be it further enacted, That until the Money now due or &foney<3ue which may hereafter be borrowed and taken up at Interest on such Mot t- S Gaol gages of the said County Rates as aforesaid, with the Interest thereof ^primary respectively, shall be wholly discharged, the same shall remain primarily Charge on charged upon the said County Rates, and also upon all and every other the County Funds or Sums of Money which now are or shall or may hereafter be at y?te rnd , the Dilpofai of the Magistrates of the said County of Chester, or any of the dif- them, and applicable under their or any of their Order to the Repairs of posa! of the the publict Bridges within the said County of Chester, or for the repairing Magiftmte*. and amending *oi the Highways of the said County, or for any other publick Charges <sr Ul'ce cl the said County,

c

IX. And b&’i? further enacted, That if at any Meeting or Meetings of Meeting* of the i'aid CommiSioners appointed to be held under the said Act there flnll Commis-not be a fuffidieni Number of Comtriissioners present to adjourn, or if they ‘‘oner9may shall fail to make an Adjournment, the Laid Meeting or Meetings shall or by their may be.adjourocd ,b.y the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or revived by Clerk or any 'three or more of the said Commissioners, so that another Meeting- 0* wviTed-Meetimjs m^Y! ftom Jjmeftb JSwe be adjourned or revived, and held either

at the Place where the last Meeting or Meetings was or were intended to be held, or at any Place within the said County, so that a Notice in WKtilgv to- Sc signed by iisjr'Tfcrtr'dr daottof the said Commissioner?, or by their Clerk, within. Ten Days at the kail, previous to any such last-| LAc. :jf Per."] C c—D d mentioned

102

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 6.

mentioned Adjournment or revived Meeting, be affixed upon one of the Doors of the Shire Hall in the said Castle of Chester, and be also given or left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of Five or more of the said Commissioners. who shall have last attended the Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners

ftc£- X- Alld be k funhcr eaed> That if any Money shall be agreed or fation whea awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, pur-exceeding chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or

30A this AG, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation,

Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex p-ipe the Commissioners for executing the said recited AG and this AG, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way. by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affeGing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeGing other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trurts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so pjirchafed, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking EffeG; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase fit all be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application when the Compensation docs not exceed 2ool. nor lets than 2 cl.

XI. Provided always, and be it further cnr.Ged, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be pa'd for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pound', and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty 'Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents'ahd Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hergdita-6 ments,

i©3

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cup. 6.

ments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to *be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next belce mentioned shall k-iere the be lei's than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame fit all p.^aa* be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the 2Qi.

Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons In case to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid

as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to ’

the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such or if Persons Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so cannut be ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or chafe Mon* Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not to be paid " known or discovered, then and in every such Cale it shall be lawful into the

for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, to order the D:lnkj

said Sum or Sums so awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General, of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferib- subject f0 the ing the m] subject to the Order. Controul, and Dilpofuion of the said Order of the Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons £°'Jrt of making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a sum- or Petition, inary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem

meet, to order the same to be laid out and invelled in the Publick

Funds, or to order Distrjbution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Dilates, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall ffiem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who yive l° shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money is and are hereby required Receipt for to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and such MoBcy-

specifying

104-

RespeSling

disputed

Titles.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

[Publick Act.]

47° GEORGII Ilf. Sess. 2. Cap. 6.

Tpecifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Ferlon or Persons as shall pay any such Sun; or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into, the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or of the said recited Act, or to any Bank'Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Di-vidends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Pcf-iession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this and the said recited Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by 311 Judges, Judites, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIxMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self z.

m*

Cap. 7.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Peter the Apostle, and Birching-tony and the Vill of Wood, in the IJJe of Thdnet, and County of Kent.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the Town of Margate and of the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Piter the Jpofile, Birthington, and the Vill ot Wood, in the Me of Thanet, in the County of Kent, within the Liberty of the Town and Port Of Dover in the same County, have of late Years very much increased in Number, and during certain Parts of the Year many Persons resort to the said Town of Margate in the said Parish of Saint "John the Baptist, and also to the Hamlet of Broadjlairs in the said Parish of Saint Peter the dpojlle, from all Parts of the United Kingdom; and a great and extensive Trade is also carried on within the Parishes and Vill aforesaid: And whereas many Persons within the Parishes and Vill before mentioned, contract Small Debts and (although ableJ are unwilling and refute to pay the fame, ptefuming on the Inconvenience which Creditors lie under from the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays which they meet with in luing for such Debts in Courts of Law: And whereas if a more speedy Method for the Recovery of Small Debts noc exceeding Five Pounds, within the Parishes and Vill aforesaid, weie established, it would tend to the Support of useful Credit within the same Parishes and Vill, and would in various other Respects [Lee. & Per. J E e be

I 10

Com niflic litre

iVUetingi.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 7.

be highly beneficial and advantageous to all PerCon* resident or carrying on Trade within the same: May it therefore please Your Majesty that ic may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, In this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, the Members of Parliament for the Town and Port of Dover, the Mayor and Jurats of the said i’own and Port of Dover, and such other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as for the Time being shall have Jurisdiction within the said Parishes of Saint John the Bnptift, Saint Peter the /ipoftle, and Birchington, and the said Vill of Wood, the Recorder an1 Town Cleikof the said Town and Port of Dover, and the Deputies of the said Parishes and Vill respectively fjr the Time being, Lewis Agafii-, Daniel Amos, William Adams, John Baker. Robert Barfield, John Brooman, Thomat Brooman, Edward Boys, Robert Boys, William Be fey, ‘Thomas Bclfey, Charles Boncey, Samuel Bracey, Thomas Blackburn, IVlliam Brewer, Samuel Bettifon, Stephen Basset, Henry Basset, Henry Bxajfer, Francis Cobb, William Chapman Clerk, Frantis William Cobb, William Cobb, John Cowell, William Cajlell junior, Daniel Collin, Richard Collard, Thomas Cramp, John Covell, Henry Covcll, William Crofts, John Chancellor, Jejfe Carreway, Richard Crouch, Charles Dowfett, Charles Dixon, Jonas Dadd, George Ft tend, John Friend, John Font, William Fuller, John Finch, John Freebody, John Gray, Thomas Gore of Bridge Street, Thomas Gore of Cecil Square. William Goodson, John Gy}es, William Harrison Clerk, Robert Edward Hunter, William Hunttr, Joseph Hollams, John Hedgcock, Wiiltam Hoyle, James Hatfield, Daniel Jarvis, Thomas John/on, William Jenkins, Benjamin Kidman, Thomas Knott, WftJiam Ketby junior, William Lanjell, Stephen Mumcry, Mathias Mummery, Stephen Mummery, William Munton, John Mpcktft, John Mitchell, James Neame, The mas Norwood, Thomas Newby, William Newby, Latham OJbcrn, Edward Orpin, Nicholas Pcgderi, J'obn Paine, William Paine, Edward Pilcher, Samuel Pointon, George Penn, Gibon Rammell, Isaac Rowe, Thomas Smith Rowe, Said Rehardson, James Read, John Robafon, John Sackett, George Slater, George Staler junior, Samuel Silver, John Silver, Daniel Swinford, Robert Salter, Thbmas Simmons, Valentine Simmons, Amhrofe Sackett, Richard Staines, John Sidders, George Sidders, Edward Taddy, John Tomlins of West North. down, Robert Tomhn, John Tomlin of fthtex, Christopher Tennant, John Tring, William Williams Clerk, Sackett Wood, Samuel Whitehead, Robert Wither den, John Weils, Edward White, John Watson, Richard Wiles, and John Wilkinson, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Margate and the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Peter the Apostle, and Birchington, and the Vill of WooJ, in the lile of Thaitet, in the County of Kent, within the Liberty of the Town and Port of Dover in the same County; and the said Commissioners and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice by the-Name of " The Court of Requests for the Town of Margate and the " Parishqs of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Peter the Apostle, and Birchington, " and the Vill of Wood, in the Isle of Thanet, in the CJounty of Kent, within " the Liberty of the Town and Port of Dover in the same County."

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the said Court on the First Tuesday in cvety Month, or oftener if there shall be Occasion,

in

Ill

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 7.

in Tonne convenient Place within the Paid Town of Margate, to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners for that Purpose assembled; and the First Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be holden at the Town Hall in Margate, on the First Tuesday in the Month next after the passing of this Act, and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them who shall be prefenr, such Number present not being less than Three or Five (according to the Action,

Cause, or Question to be decided, as herein-after directed) at their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and to determine such Actions and causes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Cost* against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person or Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgment, or make any Order or Decree, as to them shall seem just in Law or Equity; and in case of an Equality of Votes in any Action, Cause, or Question, before the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case, the Commissioner present who stands first in the Lift of Names of the said Commissioners (which Lift the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang, or cause to be hung up, in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet) shall have the decisive or catling Vote.

1IL And, for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court, be it Time of hear-further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said i»gCauies. Court, or hear or determine any Case or Cases, Cause or causes, to be heard or determined by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses, in the said Court, in pursuance of any Action or Summons issued cut of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, save and except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Decision of each Three Com-and every Action, Cause, or Question for the Recovery of any Sum not surasnotVxf exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at least of the said Commissioners shall ceeding «oi. be present in Court; and on the Decision of each and every Action, *« Com-Cause, or Question for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty um?abovl°r Shillings, Five a: least of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court. 40s.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Commis- How new sioners shall die, or refuse to act, or shall cease to be qualified in Manner Commi|i;on* herein directed to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, chosen!?b* then, end in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving and remaining Commissioners acting in Execution of this Act,

or the major Part of them who shall be present at a Meeting to beholden lor that Pupose, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Decease or Retufal to ad shall happen to be known, or so soon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint one other Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, or refusing to

ad.

J

a is

Coijfrtiftfiofi-' <rrs to t ike ar Oath.

Ottli.

Q.ua]lfic.ition of Cotiimiffioneri.

47d QkEORGM III. !Sc(f. 2/ y:Caf>'

ad, or ctafng to be so qualified; and Notice in Writing of ’the Time and PCce of Meeting for every Rich Eledli n, and <.f the Purpose thereof, shall ’he given by ihe Clerk to each of the said Commissione'rs, o> left at their last or usual Places of Abode,' and such Notice shall also lpc affixed on the Door of the said Court House Fourteen Days at leall before such Meetirg stall be holden-, and every such Commissioner so ekdtrd, shall have the like Pov. ers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, she! In all be habitd ;nd liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Re-llridions, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as it he had becq particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person ffiaD be capable of ftermo as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (save and except in Mministering the Oa'h herein contained to the other Commissioners) Brttii'he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

I /L B. do [wear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do so-‘ icmtily affirm, according to the Form in that Cafe made and providedJ

J hat I wilt [aithUifiy, honestly, and impartially, according to the ‘ b ft of my Skill and Judgment, hear and determine such Matters and ‘ i hings as ffi 11 be brought before me, by virtue of an Act made in the i. Fo.t. ft venth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [’Jet jcr:h the Tuk of this Acf\ without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Mahee,to any Ffcrfon or Persons whomsoever; and also that I am a House-‘.Jxider within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and that lam possessed «.of a. Real Estate of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or of a

Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all

Charges or Incumbrances whatsoever. So help me GOD.'

Which Oath or Affirhiarion the said Commissioners, or any One or more o* them,-is and sre hereb’ ’ Empowered and required to administtr in open Court; rndearh arid every such Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (after taking the said Crath or Affirmation) to sign and subscribe his N.i me upon a Foil or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath or oiffirmarion written or primed thtreon; and such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept amongst the Records of the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no'x Person shall be qualified toadt as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a Householder within the Jurisdiction of the fud Courr, and seised or a Real Eft are of the Annual Value of Forty Pounds, or possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatkever; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in tbfc Execution of thife Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence (over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and coirupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on

12 .- the

47° GEORGGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 7.

the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or P'ofecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had ad'ted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all

Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aLresaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction* be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That itlhall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them assembled as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, within Fourteen Days from and after the passing of this Act, to nominate and appoint, under their Hands fit and proper Persons for Clerk, Serjeanr, and other necessary Officers of and in the said Court of Requests during his and their good Behaviour; and that when and as often as it shall happen that the Office or Offices of Clerk, Serjeant, or Crier, or of any other Officer or Officers, shall become vacant, either through Misbehaviour, Death, or Resignation, Suspension, Dismission, Removal, or Incapacity* then and in every such Case the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them assembled as aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, within Twenty eight Days after furh Vacancy shall happen, to nominate and appoint, Under their Hands* another fit and proper Person to be Clerk, or Serjeant or Crier, or other Officer or Officers of and in the said Court of Requtfts during his and their good behaviour.

IX. Provided always, That no Person or Persons *ho shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or any Public House of Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine* Cyder, Beer, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any other Place of Profit belonging to the said Court , and that no Person nominated a Commissioner, shall be capable of adtingas a Commissioner during the Time he shall remain Clerk of the said Couru

X. And be it further enacted, That ii shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners or of any Five or more of them assembled as aforesaid, to nominate One or more sufficient Deputy or Deputies to act for him in the Office of Clerk of the said Court of Requests, which Deputy, in the Absence of the said Clerk, shall have the fame Authority a-. it rhr Clerk was himself prrfonally prelcnr, and shall from Time to Time be displaceable and removable, and shall accordingly be displaced and be removed at the Will and Pleasure of the Clerk of "the hid Court of Requests for the Time bring , and such Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and required to ifllie all Summonses, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees and Judgments of the said Court, and do all such Act>, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the said Clerk by virtue of this Act; and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper B >oks to be provided by such Clerk, and kept for that Purpose, all the Adtr and Proceedings of the said Court, of what Nature or Kind fotver.

[Lee. Ss* Per.-] Ff XI. And

*3

Acts of (he Commissioners good before Con-viiiion.

Appointment ot Officers.

No Victualler, lie. to be Clerk, nor any Commissioner capable ol aAing as such, during such Time as he shall be Clerk.

Power for the Cleiklo appoint a Dt-puty.

n4

If suffic:ent Commi {Hon. ers *ic> not attend, Court may he adjourned.

O (Hoes of Crier and 5ei ieants.

Officers ttay. he diipiaced.

What Debts to he decided by the Com-nuflionets.

47° GEORGGII 111. Sell. 2. Cap. 7.

..XI- And be it further enacted, That in calc of the Neglect or Re-fui'al of the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not be present to act in the Execution of this Act as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding the said Court, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Commissioners who shall be present, and jf no Commissioner shall be prefenr, it shall and may be lawful to and fur the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the said Coutt to the then next Tuesday, or fame earlier Day.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk and Ciier of the said Court shall do and perform in their respective Offices, as they shall be directed or appointed by the said Commissioners i and the fevrral Serjeants of the said Court shall serve all Summonses, and execute such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them respectively by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Clerk, Serjeant, Crier, or other Officer, shall be guilty of any Milbthavicur, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than are by this Act allowed to be taken, or otherwise, in the Discharge of their respective Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Courr, the said Commissioners of the said Court then fining shall and they are hereby directed and required to enquire into the Nature of the said Complaint, and if it shall appear to be well founded, then such Commissioners, or the major Part of them so fitting in Court as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners of the said Court, residing within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to be summoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, which Meeting shall be holden not sooner than Fourteen Days nor more than Thirty Days after such Summons; and the said Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them present, shall and may examine andconsider the Merits of such Complaint, and if it shall appear to such Commissioners of the said Court, or the major Part of them, that the said Clerk, Serjeant, Ctitr, or other Officer, hath cr have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Neglect or Breach of Duty as aforesaid in his or their Office or Offices, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to ami for the said Commissioners of the said Courr, or the major Part of them, to suspend, dismiss, or remove such Clerk, Ser. jeant. Crier, and other Officer, from his or their Office or Offices.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to decide and determine all Disputes and Differences between Party and Party, for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Actions or Caulcs of Debt, Articles, Minutes, and in all causes of Assumpsit and Infimul Compu-taflfet, and in all causes or Actions of Trover and Conversion, and all causes or Returns founded on a Quantum meruit, and in all causes or Aftiuns of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained. o

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 7. ti$

XV. Provided alwnv-s, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act don- Com minion-rained shall extend, or be construed to extend, Co as to enable the said '"mmeany* Commissioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, raufc when or Hereditaments, or Real Estates whatsoever; or to judge, determine, [he

or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for brought in Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattel <ludllon-Real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt which shall arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fuuaie elfcwhtre than in the said Town of Margate, and Parishes and Vill aforesaid, or some of them, or by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony; or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or fur or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition for or by way of Retainer of Tythes; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Actions n«r

extend or be construed to extend so as to enable any Plaintiff to split or [j|ebpufpbo,'/°f divide any Cause or Action for the Recovery of any Debt, where the biingmLbcm whole Sum which shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sum of ,he

Five Pounds in order thac the fame may be made the Ground of Two or

more causes or Actions, for the Purpose of bringing such Cause* or Actions within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that any Plaintiff shall have lb split or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to dismiss, with Colls, every such Cause or Action so split or divided; but such Distniflal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at W<jlmnjttr, or in such other Manner as he or fhc may lawfully proceed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Plaintiff who Action fa shall have so split or divided such his or her Cause or Action, shall be fpbt, if the willing to accept such Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by be^at'isfieJto this Act enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the receive the Whole of his or her Demand in such Cause or Action so split or divided, Demands then and in every such Cale the said Cor.imissioners shall and may ad- infuchAction. judge, decree, and pronounce, on such Plaintiff proving his or her Cause

or Cale to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, such Sum to the Plaintiff not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the said Commissioners shall leem just and reasonable; and such Sum shall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners, be declared to be and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Delendant to the Plaintiff in such Cause or Cafe so Iplit or divided.

XVIII. And, to the Intent that no undue Preference may be made and For summon-given in summoning the Iv.d Commissioners appointed or to be appointed in inE Commis-pursuance (f this x^ft, to attend the said Court, be it further enacted, attend.,0 That the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court for the Time being, to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be, and hs and they

U6 4.7* GEORGII III. $cif.2. Cap. 7.

is jnd are hereby required to summon in the last Week of every Month, by Notice in Writing to be left at the respective last or usual Place* of Abode of the Commissioners to be lo summoned, Ten of the Commissioners to attend the said Court as Commissioners for the Month next ensuing, and the first Ten Commissioners to be summoned, shall be the Ten Commissioners whose Names shall (land first upon the Lift hereby directrd to be hong up in the Court or Meeting Place of the said Commissioners; and the next Ten Commissioners to be so summoned shall be the Five Commissioners whose Names shall Hand next in such Lift, and the Fivi last Commissioners who were summoned to attend the last preceding Court; and so in like Manner Ten Commissioners shall be summoned for each ensuing Month in Order and Rotation, until such Lift shall be gone through, ana tnen such Lift shall be gone through again.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing htrein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, foas to exclude any of the said Commissioners for the Time being from fining in the said Court, although such Commissioners shall not have been summoned, or ft-nd in Rotation to be summoned, but that each and every such Commissioner, if he shall think fit so to do, shall and may fit and hear, and assist in determining, giving Judgment, and making Orders and Decrees in the Lid Court, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities as any Commissioner so summoned as aforesaid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Debtors to t«

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Meet-lunimoned ing of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and Commission for any Person or Persons (whether such Person or Persons shall era, who may reside within the Jurisdiction of the said Court or not) having any OrtEmbe'- Debt or Debts not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or tween the owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their SSki* own or *n tf,e RiSht of anV other Person or Persons, or as

Executor or Administrator, Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons. or due or owing to him as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly associated and constituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever, which the said Commissioners by this Act are enabled tojudge and determine, and not expressly p ohibited by this Act, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever inhabiting, residing, or being within the said Town of Margate and Parishrs and Vill aforesaid, or keeping or using any House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or orher Place of dealing or working, or using or frequenting the Markets there, or seeking a Livelihood, or in any Way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who Ibali immediately make out and deliver to One of the Serjeants of the said Ccurl for the Time being, a Summons in Writing under the Hand of the said Clerk, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and dating the Particulars of such Demand or cause of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demands} and such Serjeants

shall

But ntftto «xcii'e any other Com* milTioners from acting.

lo

47* G E O'RG 11 III. Stff. 2." 121

shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons to be served, on fqcll Debtor or Debtors, cither peiffuftajly or by leaving ’the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging t6 ijim,' he?, or' them, or at the Dwelling House, Warehouse, Wh^rr, Qtfay, Lodging*

Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing*, trading, or working of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the JuriP distion of the said Court; and upon due Proof made of such Summons having beet, duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said vCommissioners present in Court, such Number present not being Ids than by this Act. dsrested, are hereby required and empowered to make due Enquiry com ctfning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Sentence and Judgment thereupon* and' award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem moll agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XXI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more folernh De- Commission-termination of the Matters and causes which shall be depending in the er: n'*r «d* hid Court, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and "1"s"

for the said Commissioners present in the said Court to administer an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the said Court,' or to any Patty or Parties whom they the said Commissioners shall think, proper to examine touching the Matters then in question, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and also to any other Person or Persons whole Evidence shall seem nect liary towards tile hearing or determining any of the said causes or Actions or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpose requisite for the better Execution of this Act,

XXIL. And be it further enacted, That noEvidence shall be permitted to be :No Evidence given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Cause or Action as aforesaid’, t:> be or of any Cause or Action except such as is Hated in the said Summons 'ftiny M*ter.' hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted on Bir- rot hatkj half of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of such Cause or Action,:ne,h^mfen-of any Demand he, she, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in :<i mt ofany the Nature of a Set-off, to lefien or discharge himself* herlc])f*’or themselves from such Demand or Caule of Action, tinless Notice thertof in Writing on tLViain. shall have been given to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by jjerfonai Service, Notice be* or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling House, Warehouse, Wharf, g.ven'hereof Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Plate hiai* of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day when such Matter or Cause shall be heard or tried. i

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors who shall if Debtor does have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear either in Person, not appear, or by his. her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their fiomay Behalf, before the fail. Court, at the Time and Place mentioned in the said rroc:eu.

Sum mom, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful so and for the said Commissior.ers afierubied in the said Court, after Proof made upon Oaih of the Service; of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause ou the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Ocder, Decree, or Judgment thereir* and to award luc’ii reasonable [Loc. Cf Per.] Gg Costs

118

And if the Plaintiff does not appear to prove his Demand, Defendant Dial! have Colts.

Commissioners may award Execution i against the Body or Goods.

47* GE OR.G 11 III. Sefi.2. Cap. 7.

Colls of Suit, a-, to them shall seem moll agreeable to Equity and good Conf, ience.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons issued on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Courr, or of the Caule, or on Account of which Suit, Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear either in Person, or by his, her, or tlteir Agent, or fume other PeTon on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or t'eir Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become nonfoited, or Judgment shall be pronounced against him, her, or them, by the said Court, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Cods, and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance, as they the said C >mmissioners in their Discretion thall think fir, and to order end compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Mean; as are herein provided for the Recovery of Dtbts ordered or decreed by the said Court.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in any Cause, Action, or Cafe, where the said Commissioners shall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, to award Exerution either against the Body or Goods'of the Party against whom such Older or Decree shall be made, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Parry prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by Way of Capias ad Satisf iciendnm, or Fieri facias, to one of the Serjeants of the said Court, who by virtue of such Piecept issued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and mav, and he is hereby empowered to take such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and carry him, htr, or them, to the Common Gaol or Prison of the Town and Port of Dover aforesaid, there to remain urtil he, she, or they Hull perform and obey such Order, Decree or Judgement for the Space of Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed; and in case rny such Piecept shall be issued upon Execution against the Goods and Chattels of such Party, such Serjeant shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being within the Juris. iftion of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money and Cods as shall be so ordered, decreed, or adjudged j and if the Paitv against whose Body or Bodies any such Execution shall be awarded ana Process thereupon shall issue, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means, prevent ortvade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may b J lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court, upon due Proof made thereof before them, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award further Execution either against the Body or Goods and Chattels of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be served by one of the Serjeants of the said Court in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

74° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 7. 119

tiffs Shall be fully paid and fa til tied; and it shall and may be lawful to Commission-^ and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, in case rhey shall think fit, for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (ar.d |n*

they are hereby authorized and empowered) to erder, decree, or adjudge " any Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by several Payments or Instalments, and under such Terms and Conditions as may appear reasonable and just to them the said Commissioners, for the Ease of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs} and it shall and may be lawful to and for the lai 1 Commissioners present in Court, in case any Default or Failure of any such Payments or Inflal-ments so ordered, decreed, adjudged, and directed, shall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, to award Execution against the said Defendant or Defendants, or against any other Person or Persons, who may have given Security to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, for the keeping of fitch Payments cr Ir.ft lments in Manner aforesaid, for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Colts as to them shall seem just and real'onable; and such Debt, or such Part thereof, and such futther Colts, shall be recoveted by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Celts first decreed.

XXVI. And as it may happen that Persons served with P ocefs issuing R-cord of cut of the Lid Court of Reqursts, may, in order to avoid Exe< ution, re- |,ich Jm,£-move their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction i f "'moved mto the Lid Court; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where a final the Superior Decree ot Judgment for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings, shall wji!i’ofd have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and E'*cu*ion for any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon Affidavit g'eriffoi'any made and filed of such Decree or Judgment being obtained, and of diii- Cauuty. gent Search and Enquiry haring been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having issued against the Pei fun or Persons or Effects, as the Case may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or a Commissioner authorized to take Affidavit', to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgment to be removed into such Superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon, to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Goods and Chattels of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgment obtained in any of the said Courts at WeJtminJUr; and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Ten Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court, subsequent to the said Decree or Judgment, and of the Execution in the Superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

I 20

Clerk to in- 1: dor f DeKts

and Colts on the Precept, and if paid to; Clerk of Comt before Sale, ' Execution to j, be fupeifeJed.

freed* not to issue against the Hei lon and Goods and Chattels of the fame Personi.

Commissioners to suspend Proceeding* in Calet where Debtor I are ill or unable t» pay the Debt.

Gaoler, arc. t > receivePerlon*

committed.:

At*} ,s lloS lit } I 0 Jl 0 3f D °r'

47° GEORGII III. Sell 2. Cap. 7.

XXVII. And ‘be'it fuTtfier errafifd, That ajtaft each .4nd-every Precept so be issued iiporii Execution awarded against the Body, or Goods and Chattels' of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk of the Md Court shall indbife o/ cause to be indorsed the Sum or Sums' ui Money, and the Cods' lo'ordered, decreed, and adjudged j and it the Party or Parties agaitift^hbm such Execution shall be awarded respectively, shall, before any adliitd Sale of the G&ods and Chattels, or before he, she, or they is or are ap’preliehded, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Irfipfifonment, as herein mentioned, pay or'cable to be paid, of tendered, unto the Clerk of the Paid Court, stich Sum or Sums of Motley and Crofts, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk', tfs a Compensation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgement and Sitisfaction in full for such Sum or Sums of Money and Colts, then and in every such Case the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body, or Goods and Chattels of the said Party or Parties, shall be difehurged and let at Liberty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Cornmiflidners, to issueany Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons, in any Case or Cases where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree, shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time during the Hearing of any Cause in the said Court, appear by the Oath of any Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Commissioners prrfent at the Court at which such Cause'shall be heard, that such Debror or Debtors is <r are unable, from Sickntfs or unavoidable Accident, ro pay and discharge the Debt or Debts for which he, fire, or they shall have been so furiimoned, then it shall and maybe lawful to and for the major Part of the said Commissioner? assembled at apy such Court or Courts as aforesaid, to suspend or supersede the Proceedings in such Cause, until ic shall, upon like Proof as aforesaid, appear to the Court that such Debtor or Debtors shall be able to pay iucfr Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforesaid; any Idling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper for the Time being of the Common Gaol or Prison of the said Town and Port of Diver, (hal and may and he is hereby required to receive and take into hrs Custody, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed or ordered to llarid committed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or Five (as the Case shall require) or more of them present in Court; and in cafetheKeeper of the said Gaol or Prison shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of 'chhLAdi, or shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his Custody, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signtd in Court by the said Commissioners, or any Three or Five (as the Case shall require) or mure of them, such Keeper so offending ih either of

47* GEORGII fit. Self. i. Cap.% 1*1

the said Cases, and being thereof cottvldled before the Mayor Of Eny other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said Towfi and Port of Dover% upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefa or Witnesses (which Oath such Mayor, Justice Of Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer) or Upon his, her, or their oWn Conftflion, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the DHcrefiort of the said Mayor, Justice or Justices; and in case such Suita shall not be immediately paid by the Person so offending, into the Hands of the said Mayor, Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, then and in every such Case, such Sum shall be levied by Distreft and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Mayor, Justice or Justices* rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, after deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Forfeiture, when lo paid, levied, or recovered, shall be distributed amongst the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offender shall for the Time being reside, in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor, Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of Pdson of the said Town and Port of Dover, for any Time not exceeeding Six Calendar Months^ unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charge! attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged.

XXXI. And be it further* enacted, That no Privilege shall be allowed to No Privilege exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act from the 10 b* Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being a ( worn ,0 Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts of

Record at Westminster, of of any other Court whatsoever; but that all such Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers, shall be subject to the several Processes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Person or Persons is and are subject to the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no such Attorney, Solicitor, Seri- Mo Attorney, vener, or any Person practising the Law, shall be permitted to appear in Solicitor; or the said Court of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, for or she'uw.^o On Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Person, Or to be *« Advocate, admitted to (peak before the said Court in any Cause, Action; or Matted

in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himsell a Party of Witness; and in case any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, shall appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Sctivener is not himiclt a Party or Witndft, then and in every such Case such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sunt not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on being convidhd thereof, before the Mayor or any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said Town and Po^t of Dover, or befqrr any other Justice or Justices of the Peace, who for the Time being shall have Jurisdiction within the said Town of Margate and Parishes and V'ill aforesaid, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Withes (which Oath such Mryor, Justice or Justices is and are hereby Euthouied and required to administer) or on his own Confession: and in [L<e. V Per.-] Hh case

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. '<Gap. 7, >.

case such Sum of Money shall not be paid forthwith by the Person or Personsfo offending, into the Hands of the said Mayor, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, then and in every such Case such Sum of Money shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and ScaJpr Hands and Seals of such Mayor, Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, after deducing such Fine or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Difheis and Sale, and such Fine or Forfeiture, when so paid, or levied and recovered, shall be distributed amongst the Poor of the Parish or Vill wherein such Offender shall reside, in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees herein>after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk, Serjeant, and Crier, for their several and respective Services in the Exe? cution of this Act, for the Recovery of all Sums not exceeding Five Pounds; that is to say.

Tuioi. To 40 s. T0/.5.

inclusive. inclusive. indulive.

To the CLERK. r. if. s. d. J. d.

Entering every Cauf: — 3 — 9 1 6

Killing every Summons — 3 — 6 — 9

Entering and drawing up Judgement,)

Decree, or Order - - J — 9

Paying Money into Court and entering J

fame in his Book - - - J — 3 — 9 1

Paying Money by Instalments — 6 1 — 1 6

Killing Subpoena - - — 3 — 6 1 —

Killing every Attachment, Precepr, Order 1

or Execution - - - J — 9 X 0

Acknowledging Satisfaction — 3 — 6 — 9

For every Nonluit ... — 0 I T— 2 —

For every Search in the Book — 2 — 3 — ' 6

For swearing any Witness, Plaintiff, or T

Defendant j — 2 — 4 — 6

To the SERJEANT.

For calling every Cause ... — 1 — 4 - — 3

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant - — i — 2 — 3

For every Hearing .... — 2 — 3 — 4

For every Nonsuit .... — 3 — 4 — 6

Serving every Summons, Order or Sub-J

poena, within One Mile of the Court J —1 4 I —

If beyond One Mile, for every Mile extra — 2 — 3 — 3

Execution of every Warrant, Precept, or J _ £

Attachment against the Goods or Body j 2 —

If beyond One Mile from the Court, J

for every extra Mile / — t — 3 r- 3

If an AfTiflant be necessary for the Ser- \ .

jeant, for the AfTiflant - - J — 4 — s 1 —

If beyond One Mile from the Court, for J

every extra Mile - J" — 2 — 3 — 3

And

47° GEORG 11 Illi Sell; 2* 'Cap.j. 123

And the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang Table of F"‘ up and affix, or cause to be hung up and affixed, a Table of all such In the Court.1* Fees, in fame conspicuous Place of the said Court or Place of Meeting of the said Commissioners, in order that all Persons concerned: may be enabled to peruse the lame, - c.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wage*, Debt* lue to or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the

Sum of Five Pounds shall be due and owing to any menial Servant, rc^ov'eredi* Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shop-woman, Adiftanr,

Labourer, or any other Person whomsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistant. Labourer, or other Peiforg to sue for and recover such Dtbt in the said Court, in the same Manner as if he or she were of full Age i and the said Com-roissioners present in the said Court, are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have fuc.h and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants were all of lull Age.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever, imprisonment who shall be committed to the said Gaol or Prison by Order of the said

Court, for ^ny Debt or Debts, shall be kept or continued in Custody, "tct' on any Pretence whatsoever (except in Cases herein-afeer provided for) for any lonajer Space of Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are herein-after limited in thac Behalf) (th^t is to say), where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or cpntinued in Custody for more then Twenty Days-, and where the D^bt (exclusive of Cods) is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days } and where the Debt (exclusive of Colls) is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) is above Four Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment , and the said Keeper and Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison is and are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

XXXVI. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned if »ny Debtor for Debts to the said Court from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money'or Money or Goods; be it further enacted, That in case upon the Summons Goods, the of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Infortria* Jim*. ll!s tion of any such Practice shall be given, such Court shall have Power to fllXbe"*"1 hear Evidence as to such fraudulent Concealment; and in case it shall larged*

be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of One or mors "Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered tp administei) that any such Debtor has Monty or, Goods which he or she has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the afore*

’-1,1 said

124

But the Time of Imprisonment shall extend iep»-rateiy end successively id: each Execution.

Debtors not liable to pay

Gaol t ecs.

4/ GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. 7.

{aid Time of Imprisonment to any Period, in Addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

' *r "5 id ' iOt;1 ji.Ttii.up oj t/.ilU t HjL.’t

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, Th it all and every Person Slid Pet-Ions who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue pjf arty Process issuing from or out of the said Court of Requests, and who af.she. Jime of his, her, or their being taken imp Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall have more than One Execution against him, her, or them, in the said Court, shall be impiiloned the Time by thjS Act limited, for and in respect of firch Execution j and after the Time so limited in the first Execution is expired, the Impiil’onment on the second Execution shall commence; and after the Time lb limited on the second Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the third Execution shall commence; and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited, for and ifl respect of tach fepirate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them, in the fad Court, previous to hi*, her, or their being taken into Custr dy, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the eofi* Irary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person imprisonrd by virtue of this Act shall, on the Expiration of his or her Tim* of Imprisonment, be discharged andfet at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Mcney, Fee or Fees, or other Reward, or Gratuity wha lorvtr, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol or Puloo, or others, by way ot Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever-, and if any Keeper or Keepcis, Turnkey or Twnkeys-ct the said Gaol or Prison, or any other Person whomlccver,shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whuiqenr, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons recommitted ro-his or their Charge or Custody aforesaid, or shall keep or derain any such Perfoft or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for hit, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper,. Turnkey, and . oihrr Peribn, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum ot Twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any-Two Justie» of the Peace for the said Town and Port of Dover to hear and determine very such Offence; and such Two Justices are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed, in calc such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence commuted, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One-or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confefiioo of the Party accused, to give Judgment or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture atore-said; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not he forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, for levying (u:h Penalty and Forfeiture by Diitrefs and Sale or the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Cost» and Coarges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof j and i|> case fuse

r?A ficiew

, 4}# GEORGII III. Sess.2. 6V/;.7. 125

ficient Dirtrefs shall not be ft und, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Jolliers to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or i’HjBifof ffie said Town and Fort of Dover, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfci ure, and all Co(h and Charges attending such Conviction, be Iborrer paid and dV-charged; and One Moietvof such P. nalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or fu;rg foi the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clei k to the said Commissioners, and the fame shall be by the said Coniniissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offender or Offenders respectively fnaii elide, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall leem right and proper.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant or Sr rjeants, or other Officer or Officers of the f. id Court, employed to lei veany E>: cuto.n, D.,tv n/pay fha I, determined by wilful Neglect, Onnfli n, or Connivance, cause or lufor thf ui; D;bt. P.rrtv sg unit whom furh Execution shall be awarded, to efeipc or ablconv1, nr the Goods i f such Parry to be carried away or Ecr.cied, so 1h.1t such Ex-cutiotj shall not have its due Effrd, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made Upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witheft or Witness'cs, to order such Serjeant topav the Sum or Sums of Money for which such Execution was awarded to the Party or Parties complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the lame Ways and Means is are herein provided for H rcovery of their Debts , and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to impels any Fine not exceeding Trn Pounds for evtry such Offence, on such Serjeant or Serjeants, Officer or Officers; and such Fine, ifnot forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and tccovered by Distrcfs arid Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and S*als of the fiiJ Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing such Fine, and the Coils and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when so levied and recovered, shall be paid to and dilfributed by the saul Commissioners in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, a nonglf the Poor of the Parish or Vill wherein such Offender or Offenders respectively thall refiue, as they the said Commissioners may think fit and proper.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Serjeant, or Crier, Officers rule, or any other Officer or Servant employed by the said Commissioners in ll8,'yFK> putting this Act or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, shall exact, Fres'llloweJ take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than and except so the Au, such Fees as are appointed and allowed to them respectively by virtue of this Act, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virrue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to putting this Act into Execution, every such Person so Offending shall, upon Convidien thereof beloie the said Commissioners at any of their Mecrtngs, or upon Verdict or Judgement being had against him in such-Afctiun'ias next herein-alter mentioned, be for ever incapable of forving or being employed under this Act in any Office of Piofitor Emolument, and shall, over and aonve, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, determined by Action cf Debt, Bill, Plaint \L*.&Ptr.1 n o;

126

Puniflun*

Witness not attending if summoned.

Punishing Persons guilty ef Pei jury.

CommissioTi-ers not to ait when they are interested.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 7.

or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJl/fttnJleT. within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit no Essoign, Protection, or Wager ot Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLI. And be it farther enacted, That in case any Person or Persons residing or being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after having been duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, and paid or tendered his or her reasonable Expences to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mtntioned, on behalf of any Pi un-tiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no fufHcienr Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-appearance being shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court, and Oath being made before the said Commissioners, by the Party or Parties at whose instance and on whole Behalf such Subpoena < r Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith was or were a Witness or "Witnesses, by such Parry or Parties judged necessary for the Proof of his, her, or their Cause or Cause', Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Difences, then and in every such Ole, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to impose any Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, on such Person or Persons; a id in case such F.ne shall not be paid forthwith, such Fine shall and may be levied by Distiefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting such Fine, and the CCrts and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid over to the Patty or Parties at whose Instance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons shall have been issued; and in case sufficient D stress shall not be found, ic shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or Five, (as the Case shall require,) or more of the said Commissioners, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or Prison of the said Town and Port of Dover, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the l'a<d Commissioners in any Action, Cause, or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace afiing in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be rnd is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in force or effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable 10.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of the said Court for the Time being, shall be Party to, or concerned Or interested in any Cause, Action, or Mitter depending in the said Court, or shall be the Father, or Son, or Brother of any P .-'on or Persons concerned or interested in any such Cause, Action, or Matter, such Cutonaissioner 2 shall

\ yr7° GEORGII in Sell'. 2. Gap. 7. W

shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner on the hearing or determinin'! Inch Caule, Action, or Matter, cy making any Order, Decue, or Judgment therein, but such Connmffioiier, after being heard in lucii Cause, Aition, cr Matter, shall withdraw until the lame be finally determined} and if the Clerk or his Deputy, or other Officer of the said Cau't for the Time being, shall be a Pat ty to or intended in arty Caule,

Act in, or Matter depending in the said Court, such Clerk, Depucy, or oth.r Officer shall not exercise his laid Office in such Caufr, Action, or Matter, or any Thing relating thereto, but the said Comm dioner.-. forming the said Court, shall and may appoint another Perluii to exerci.e the Office of loch Clerk or Deputy, or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause, Action, or Matter.

XLtV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall f°; ennremptuoudy and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the said Com- tyV ihe Uid missioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the Time being, c w and dicing his or their Sitting or Attendance in the said Court, or going to or f om the said Court, or shall hinder orobftruft the Proceedings of the said Court, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawrul to snd for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, with or without the Affidance of any other Person or Persons, by the Or er of the said CommiOionfrs, to take such Offender or Offenders into Cu-ttody* and the said C mm.flioners shall examine into such Inlult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge i f what part’d, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Wiineffcs; and upon such Insult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, being proved as aforesaid, ic Ilia!) and may be lawful to and for the said Commissiontr?, and they are hereby authouicd and empowered to impose a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds on each and every such Offender or Offenders; and in case such Fine shall not be forthwith paid, such Fine shall and may be levied and recovered by Ddfrefs and S.-le of the Gooris-and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, hyWarram under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) upen Demand, after deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners bf such Goods and Chattels; and the said Fine, when fa paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid to and distributed-by the said Com miff. ffoners in such Sharrs and Proportions, and in such Manner, amongst the Poor of the Parish cr Vill wherein such Offender or Offenders respectively shall Tefide, as they the said Commissioners fhalbthink fit and prop*-r; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more or the said Gommjffianers, to commit such Offender or Offenders ro the Common Gaol or Prison of the said Town and Porr of Dover, for any Tune not exceeding the Space of One Calenuar Month.

ILV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court shall Cop}, oftiie fix or cause to be i.ffixed or (luck up in the most public Part of the preceding ' laid Court, or other Place where the Commissioners of the said Court a

shall meet, a true Copy of the preceding Cfause of this Act, to the End clrt fluuiw* tliatno Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any Debt Verdia* i, recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, shall he «"yotiicr"

128

DeWti recevtr-ihle in tliii, not entitled to Costs, anJ if V*rditt for Defendant lit (halt be entitled to Cotti.

No Proceeding 10 ne ic-moved into any Superior Court, except, &c.

Nothing herein contained to prevent any Person ir on dm mini.ig for Rent.

Where D*bt duettoin Two P. t font, litm-inoning One oitliem shall be tutheitnt.

itetute of ti-nii'ati ant mail he pleaded.

Recovery and Application of Pena tiee.

47° GEORGII III. Seif. 2. Cap. 7.

commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or elfcwherr, than in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a VVrdift for him, her, or them, or other wise, have or be entitled to any Colls whatsoever; and if the Verdict shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the lame shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cods in any Cases by Law j and no Action or Suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said Court of Kequeds in put-fuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any Superior Court, by Certiorari or any other Writ or Pro efs whatsoever, except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for the Purpose of enforcing and carrying into Effrft any Order, Decree, or Judgment, in Cases where the Defendant or Defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their Elfefts, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after a Decree or Judgment; but every such Decree and Judgment shall be final and conclusive between the Patties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, so as to prevent or redrain any Person from didraining for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the Sum of Live Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due and owing, or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly, by reason or on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade, or otherwise jointly concerned, Service of such Summons as aforesaid on any One of such Partners or Persons, or left at his, her, or their lad usual Place or Plates of Abode, Warehouse, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of futh Partners or Persons were separately summoned as afi rtsaid.

XLVIII.And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the said Court of Requeds, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all Defendants in the said Court shall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitation in force and effect; and every Defendant so pleading or claiming, shall have and receive such and the like Advantage and Relief thereby, as such Defend, ar.t would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he, she, or they had been (ued for the fame Debt or other Cause of Action in any of His Majrdy’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the Lid Commissioners (which Warrant such Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath) and the Over pit’s (if any) of the

4^7® GGEORGII , MII.; Sell,2. 119

the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be r turned upot^ Pe-roand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels,' after deducting such Fines and Penalties, and the.Cr.fts ai.d Charges of making, keeping, and Idling the Distiefs; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered ( f not herein*t)rf«> e differed so be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Cl.-rk id1 the lafd CoThmiffio'rters, and shall be by the said Cdmtn.fll.ifiers,

dilhibuted amongst the Poor of the respective Parish or V.ill wherci^ ,

the Offender or Offendcs respreuvely shall for the Time bring reside, in fuih Mana-r, as the iaid Comm:(Tioneis, cr any Three or more of them, shall tnink right and proper; and in case sufficient D Itr fs shall Doc be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures (h ,11 ntitbe paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for the fuid Commissioners, and they are hrreoy authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cauie the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Prison of the said Town and Port dt Dovlr, there to fetniiin, without hail or Mainprize, f r any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties add F‘ rfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and Satisfied.

L. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where aby Convklion FormofCoo* shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Convklion shall be in the Words or to the Lffeft following;

(ihat is to lay),

;be it remembered. That on this Day of

in the - Year of the

V Reign ot 4. B. is cohvirftrd before if 1

« of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Town

and fort of Detier in the County of Kent and the Liberties '

ther< ol [or, arfling fn and for i he Town of Margate and the Pan(he$

of Saint John the Bcrpliji, Saint Peter the Apjlie, and Birdnngton, and

tfo ViH c4 'A'cf.i, in the Jflc ni.Thanet, in the County of Kent, as the C«/e

may be^ ijr, before Five or Three t f the Comnuffimets for the Recovery

of S i ail DebW; within the Town of Margate, and the Parishes of Saint

Jeun the Baplijl, Sain; Peter the Apujlle, and Btrchingion, and the Vill

o; tVood, in the iSc of Thanet, in the County of Kent, within the Lfi berty of the Town and Port of Dover, in the tame County, as the

Calc may requi.c)

of hav ing [Vis the Offence shall bt~\ and 1 ve]

[frf said do adjudge

*. him, £her, or, them} to forfeit and pay fir the fame, huh Offenctf c( beirfg ooqiiary to the P oviflons of an Act, made in the Porty-seventh

yiir of the kr'iMfv or King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the

Title if this Ati\ the Sum of

Given under itsy Hand and Seal for, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Ye<d atoieUid.’

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Diffreftimta for any Sum of Money to Oe levied by virtue of this Act, the Distreis itself 1 "h}? shall nof be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame fwro!"10 be deemed a Trcipasser or Trespafiers oh account or any Defeit or Want of form in the Information, Summons, Conviclton, Warrant of Distress, or o hei Proceedings rdaiing thereto, nor shall the Party or Panics oif-traming'be deemed a Trcipasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of ' tLoc. Per.} K k any

13°

Procefrtinp* not ’o q'laflud *or

w.,r.t uf Frrm,

or removable by Certiorari.

Plaintiffs not to rec ver without

Notu e, or atfrr Tender af Amend.

limitation of Astiont.

[Public Act.]

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 7.

«nv Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distratning; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LH. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, A (Teffment, or Judgment, or other Proceeding made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Convifiion of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quaffed or vacated for want < f Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any 1 hti'g done in pursuance of this Act, unless Nonce in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, I wtnty-one Days before such Action be commenced, of ll.ch intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaii’tff or Plaintiff, specitying the cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall hav« been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or thiir Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants b’ fore such Action brought; and in case no such Ten* der shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court after fucti Action shall h$ve been brought, or at any Time before I(sue joined, to pay into Court lech Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall he commenced agair.ft any Perf ntr Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, anti every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and notelfewhere; and if any iuth Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for biinging the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury (h ill find for the D f ndant or D fendants; and if upon such Verdict, or it the Plaintiff shall be nonfuitrd or dtfeontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto,or if u, on Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall reeovec Costs, and h ve such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law,

l.V. And be it further enact-d. That this Act shall be deemed and taken td he a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, jufhecs, ahdothe s, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff 2.

Cap. 8.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Pavifh and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of berks; and for preventing Nuisances therein.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better paving, 9 G 3. c. 10, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And whereas the Pow ers and Provisions of the said recited Act have, in some respects, been found defective and insufficient for the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is found expedient that the said Act should be altered, explained, and amended, and the Powers and Provisions thereof enlarged: May it therefore please ILoc. & Per,] L 1 Your

J 34-

Power to lay an additional Rate.

Commencement of the Rate.

For borrowing Money.

Form of Mortgage.

4.7® GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap.?,.

Tour Majesty that it niay be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftem-blecj, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act (and who are hereby appointed Commissioners for executing this Act) or any Seven or or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, once or oftener in eery Year, as they shall see Occasion, to make any Rate or Assessment, or any Rates or Assessments upon the Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Tolls, Wharfs, Waterworks, Warehouses, Vaults, Coach Houses, Cellars, Stables, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish and Borough, in Addition to, and over and above the Rates or Assessments which by the Lid recited Act they are empowered to make, not exceeding Nine-pence in the Pound in any one Year, payable Quarterly, and that such audiiional Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by such Persons, and in such Shares and Proportions, as in the said recited Act are directed, declared, or expressed, ot or concerning the Rates or Assessments thereby directed or authorized to be made; and that the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have and be velted with such and the fame Powers and Authorities for making such additional Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, and for recovering and enforcing the Payment of the fame, and shall be subject to such and the fame Orders and Regulations with respect to such Rates or Assessments, and that such Rates or Ati'eflments shall be considered as fupjeft to and affected by such Provisoes, Powers, Exceptions, and Restrictions, not hereby altered or revoked; and that such Acts, Matters, and Things shall be done, performed, and observed, with respect thereto; and that all Persons aggrieved by such Rates or Assessments, or any such Rate or Assessment, shall have such and the fame Powers and Remedies, by Appeal or otherwise, as in the said recited Act are given, declared, or expressed, with respect to the Rates or Assessments thereby directed or authorized to be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That the first Rate or Assessment to ‘ be made under or by virtue of this Act, shall commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at their Discretion (but subject, and without Prejudice to any Sum or Sums of Money already raised under the Powers of such recited Act) to borrow any further Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, and to assign over by Writing all or any Part of the Rates or Assessments directed to be made by virtue of this or of the said recited Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money to be borrowed; and every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

t? Y virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reigfi of ‘ His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert ‘ the Title of this Act] we Seven of the Commissioners appointed by and L ‘ in

ns

4*7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Gap. 8.

' in pursuance of the fifid Ad, in Confi deration of the Sum of 5 i' advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the

Purposes of the said Acts, do grant, bargain, fell, and demile unto the

‘ said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, such Proportion T of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Acts [as the Case x indy be as the said Sunt of . doth or mall bear to

1 the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed, of become due

and owing or charged upon the Credit of the said Acts [as the Case may

‘ be] to be had and holden from this Day of in

1 the Year until tile said Sum of

with littered at per Centum per Annum for the fame, shall be repaid

‘ and satisfied. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and ‘ Seals this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

And every such Grant or Mortgage shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes; and Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Cortimissioners, and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all feaibnable Times, be perused and inspected, without Fee or Reward, determined by any Person or Persons intereded in any such Mortgage, or paying to the said Rates or Adedmer ts; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, mat from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interelb in or to such Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Intered thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by indorsing on the Back of such Mortgage Security, and in the Presence of One or more credible W itness or WItneues, the following Words, or Words to the like Effect j (that is to say),

T The within named A.B. [or,\ C.D. Afiigilee, Executor, or Admi-‘ A > nidrator of the within named A. B.J do hereby transfer the Mortgage ‘ Security, with all my Right and Title to die Principal Money thereby

secured, and to all Intered now due upon the fame, unto £. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this ‘ Day of

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, within Six Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in the said Book or Books, for which Entry the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, to the Benefit of such Mortgage Security, and Payment thereon; and every such Adignee may, in like Manner, assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it diall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such Person or Persons to whom the same shall be lad transferred), to release or discharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or the Monks due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums

Form of Transfer.

136

The Time for en ptying N.ctiTary Houset.

Foot Pavements to be (Wept.

Rate? where

Houses are let to several Families.

Commissioners may compound w.ih Perfor.s for sweeping.

Inhabitants may be Wit-ncffes.

4~° GEORGII III. Stfl.2. Cap-P.

of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Rates by this Act granted, as well as of the Rases granted by the said recited Act, (without Prejudice to any Sum or Sums of Money already received under the Powers of the said recited Act,) in equal Degree One w tli another, and they shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their Securities.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall empty any Privy, Necessary house, or Cefspool, or carry any Night Soil along any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places within the said Parish and Borough, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Night, or after Four of the Clock in the next Morning, in any Part of the Year, or put or cast any Night Soil in or over any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, or in any respect improperly, carelessly, or negligently remove the fame, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons inhabiting any House or other Building within the said Parish and Borough of New Windsor, shall, from and after the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot Pavement before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday in every Week, before Ten of the Clock in the Morning, or oftener if thereto required by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for every Neglect therein.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person, being Landlord or Tenant, who shall let his or her House in separate Apartments or ready fumished to a Lodger or Lodgers, for any less Term than a Year, shall, for the several Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and may be rated and assessed accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to compound with any of the Inhabitants of any of the said Streets and Lanes within the said Parish and Borough, by the Year or otherwise, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, for the sweeping and cleansing to be done by such Inhabitants respectively, before their respective Houses or Tenements, by virtue of this Act, provided such Composition Money be always paid in advance.

Yin. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, and causes of Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant of the said Parish and Borough of New Windsor shall be deemed incompetent to give Evi-9 dence

i37

47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 8.

dence determined by^reason ‘of ’Sts of her befog ihch Inhabitant, or by reason of^hiS'-Ur her being r^ted or, assessed, to, or paving any of the Rates or AiT^nj.Jnts to by impofsd by virtue of this or of the said recited

IX. And be it further enacted, That all private Drains which now Pn^tf Drain, are, or which shall hereiucr be made within any of the said publick

Roads, Streets, or Lanes, Ways, Passages or Places, within the said Parish and Borough, and which do or shall issue or empty themselves into any or the Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages or Places aforesaid, or into any publick Sewer, Drain, or Vault, shall from Time to Time be repaired _ and cle.uifed to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Commissioners (as the Case may happen) at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers of the Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament5# tP which the said private Drains do or shall respectively belong; and the hud Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, are hereby empowered to order and direct the Owner or OccUplef of any Tuck House, Tenement, or Premises, to repair and cleanse at the ’ C-offs' and, -Charges of such Owner or Occupier, or both of them, in bach Proportions as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That, the Watchman or Watchmen Watchmen’* appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, or that shall be ap- Luty. pointed under or by virtue thereof, or of this Act, within the said Parish and Borough of New Wind]or, are hereby required in their respective Stations to apprehend and secure, in some proper Place or Places of Security within the said Parish and Borough, all Rogues, Vagabonds, disorderly Persons, and Dillurbers of the publick Peace, and all suspedei Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch, so that such Person or Persons may be taken as Toon as convenient before the Mayor of the said Borough of New Wincfor, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, to be examined and dealt with according to Law’; and if any Person or Persons shall alTault or refill, or shall promote or encourage the admitting or refilling any of the Watchmen in the lawful Execution of their Duty, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds j and if any Victualler or Keeper of any Inn or Publick House shall knowingly harbour or entertain any Watchman to be employed within the Limits of this or the said recited Act, or permit or suffer any Watchman to be or remain in his or her House during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper of such Inn or Publick House shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XI. And be it it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ^>0'Tcr to re-Oommiihoners, or any Seven or more of them, to give such Rewards in ^n^Uabl-d' Money to the Watchmen respectively appointed or ,o be appointed under \ Loi-. 'id Per.] M m or

j;.3-8 47° GEORGII III. §dT. 2." Bap&.

or by virtue of this or thfe said recited Act, vho may be disabled or wounded in the 'Execution of their Office, as they the said Commissioners,

- or any Seven or more of them, fhab thin to reasonable, fitch- Money to be

paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this or of the said recited Act.

h-.ites re.

XII. And bc-rt further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful for t the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, whenever the Lav.-. '11 Jt "R- tes or Assessments authorized and impofrd by this Act, as also by and under the said recited Act, cannot be obtained or recovered by and under the Powers contained in the said recited Act, to bring or cause to be brought, in the Name or Names of any One or more of them the said Commissionefc, or in the Nathe of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, any Action or Actions of Debt or Special Action on the Cafe, to be commenced by Bill or Writ in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for ail or any of the said Rates or Assessments due and owing by virtue cf this or of the said recited Act, in which Action or Actions it shall and may be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ro declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such ‘mm of Money as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suppose to be due; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover fu h Sum so declared for, or any Part thereof, he or flic shall have ful^.Costs and Charges, to be levied and recovered asbiher Monies upon Judgement are now by Law levied and recovered, in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, trr Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and which said Action or Actions shall not abate or be discontinued by the Death, Resignation, or Removal from Office of the said Comir.issioner or Commissioners, or any of them, or of the said Treasurer or Clerk, in whole Name the same shall have commenced; but the said Action or Actions Ilia 11 and may be prosecuted, and continued to lodgement end Execution, in the Name of such CommifTicner or Commissioners, 'treasurer, or Clerk, in whole Name the same shall have been commenced, in the same Manner as if he or they had remained alive or , continued in Office.

lc repair-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as ii shall 'f o ^io 3nd-happenJfhat any Wooden or other Flap Door, Iron Grate, Coal Place, C;ii.r ° Covring, or Entrance belonging1 to any Vault, Cellar, or other Place, lying under or near to any Part of the Footways, or Hcrfe or Carriage Way, within the Limits of the said recited Act and this Act, shall be broken or otherwise damaged, or out of Repair, or shall be removed or irffecure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Gommiffiofiers, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Inspector for the Time being, to give Notice in Writing to the Owner or Occupier of such Vault, Cellar, or other Place, to repair, amend, or supply such Flap Door, Grate, - Coal Place, Covering, or Entrance, forthwith; and if within the Space of Three Days next after such Notice shall have been given, or within such other Space of Time as shall be therein specified, 'the Tame shall not be repaired and amended or supplied, every fitch Owner or Occupier shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any 1 Five

i39

47° GEORGII III. Seff,a. CapJ.

Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Inspector, immediately after the Expiration of the Three Days, to cause such Flap Door, Grate, Coal Plate, Covering, or Entrance, to be repaired and amended or supplied, and ail Colts attending such Reparation and Amendment, together with the said Penalty or Forfeiture, shall and may be levied and recovered, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier who shall have so neglected to repair the fame, by Warrant, under their Hands, which Warrant the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby required and empowered to grant, upon Proof of inch Neglect being made before them by the Oath of One or more credible witness or Witnesses.

XIV. And be it further err.Pud, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that all and every Person and Persons charged to the Rates or Assessir.ents to be made by virtue of the said Act, shall not be charged or liable to be charged to any other Rate or Assessment whatsouyer made or to be made for the paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, or watching the Streets and Lanes within the said Parish and Borough .'of N ojM'ind/or, or any of them, shall and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when any private Drain, Vault, Sewer, or Cdfpool, shall fall in cr become so ruinous, or choaked so as to affect, injure, or render dangerous the Pavement of any of the Streets or Places within the said Parish and Borough of New V/ixdfur, then and so often the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, which shall or may have the Use of such Drains, Vaults, Sewers, or CdipooLs, shall. within Five Days next after Notice delivered or left for him, her, or them, at the said several and respective Messuages o Dwelling Houses of such Owner or Owners. Proprietor or Proprietors, from the said Commissioners or any Five or mere of them, or from their Surveyor, with all convenient Speed,

- effectually cleanse, repair, and amend every such Sewer, Vault, Drain, cr Cdfpool, or in Default thereof it it all be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor, to cause the same to be done; and the Charges thereof, and of repairing and reinstating the Pavement damaged thereby, shall far.cl charged on the said several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, and he aid by the said respe&ivo Owners and Proprietors thereof, or their Vr.c! r-Tenanfis cn their Behalf, according to their respe&iw Rights and Intew; herein; and the Quota or Share each Party shall pay of such Charges shall be ascertained, proportioned, and aifefied by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them; and in case Default shall be made in Payment t f any of the said Proportions of the said Charges, the same shall be rec wetted by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier and Occupiers of any or either of the said Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, w! eh shall be charged with the Payment thereof, by Warrant under the Hands of the said Comir.issioners, or any Five or more of them; and such Occupier or Occupiers paying such Apportionment and Assessment, is and are nereby authorized and empowered to deduct the Monies so paid out of his or h»i Rent or Rents then due, or which shall thereafter accrue due for the fame

For repenting the Clause in the said recited Act, that no other Rates ftould be made but under the said

A&

To prevent Nuisances hr private Drains, Vaults, and Ceffpeols.

14.0

Occupiers or Owners of Houses to give Notice previous to any Alteration.

Penalty for interrupting Workmen.

Penalty for not repairing the Water Pipes.

47° GEORGII III. Sefi. 2. Cap. 8.

or the said Commissioners may at their Election, prosecute One or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits at Law, r.gainst the said respective Proprietors or Owners of the said several Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, for their said respective Proportions of the said Charges, as they shall think proper.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Occupier of any House or other Building within any of the said Streets or Lanes in the said Parish and Borough of New Wind for, intending to rebuild, alter, or amend any such House or other Building abutting or adjoining to the Foot or Carriageways within the Limits of this or the said recited Act shall, previous to the rebuilding, amending or altering the fame, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Surveyor or Inspector appointed by and under the said recited Act; and in case no Surveyor or Inspector shall be appointed, then unto the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, in order that such Surveyor or Inspector, Clerk or Treasurer, or some other Person or Persons, by him or them duly authorized, may attend to view and examine the said House or Building previous to any Alteration or Amendment whatsoever; and in case any Person or Persons shall proceed to rebuild or make any such Alteration or Amendment without giving such Notice as aforesaid, he, (lie, or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Default or Neglect any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time obstruct, hinder, or moled any Surveyor or other Officer, Workman, or Person whatsoever, employed under or by virtue of this or the said recited Act, in the Performance or Execution of hi., Duty, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence’forfeit an i pry any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any. Pipe or Pipes, or any of the Cocks appurtenant thereto, belonging: to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Waterworks, or any Person or Persons renting or holding the fame, shall break, leak, or bur It, in any of the said Footways, Streets, Lanes, or Places, within the Limits of this or the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed by the said Commissioners for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, to give immediate 'Notice thereof to the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Owner or Owners of the said Waterworks, or the Person or Persons renting and holding the fame, to repair and amend the fame within Four Days after such Notice given or left at the Dwelling House or lad or usual Place of Abode of such Proprietor or Proprietors, Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons renting and holding the fame, for the doing thereof; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons renting and holding the fame, shall refuse or neglect to repair and amend any such Pipe or Pipes, or any of the Cocks appurtenant and belonging thereto, within Four Days

from

47° GEORGII ,111. Sets. 2. Cap. 8. U?

av>in the Delivery of such Notice, and fill in the Ground removed thereby, he, flic, or they shall, forfeit at id pay for every NegfiT an 1 Retiual in repairing and amending the said Pipe or Pipes, Click or Cocks, or filling up the Ground io removed, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted j That if any Person or I’ersons shall.

hang up or espcfe to Sale any Goods, 'Vykires, cr Merchandizes on or m{^? ccr7’ over the Foot or Carriageways within the I.hints of this or the said ta;n Nuisan-reclted Act, lb as; to obitruT, incommode, or inconvenience Paflengi rt, ces.

Horfis, or Carriages, passing and repnfling on the said Foot or Carriage

Ways, or shall set or place any Cart, Waggon, Dray, Truck, or other Carriage, with or without Horfis, in any of the said Streets, l anes, or Carriageways, within the Limits of this or of the said recited AT, longer than a reasonable Time for loading and unloading the fame) or shall permit of suffer any Horse or Horses which have been haling or drawing any Boat or Barge up the River Thames, to be placed in any of the said publick Streets or Lanes within the said Parish and Borough aforesaid, and shall remain there for the Space or Time of Half an Hour after any such haling or drawing; or if any Person or Persons shall permit his or her Horses, Beasts, or Goats, or any or either of them, to go at large in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or publick Places, within the Limits of this or the said recited AT, and shall be thereof conviTed before the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, are hereby empowered to ad mini Her) shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Person* mak-whatsoever, from and after passing of this AT, shall dig out any Earth, Vaults, or leave any Hole in any Street or Place before any House or Tenement ^el°inclos* within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of making any Vault or anu’

Cellar, or any other Purpose whatsoever; or in case any Vault or Cellar

already made within the Limits aforesaid shall fall in, and the Owner or Occupier thereof shall not inclose the fame in a good and sufficient Manner, to be approved of by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being aTing under or by virtue of this AT, or the said Commissioners, or by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or shall keep up such Inclosure longer than necessary, or Ihatl not well and sufficiently fence or rail before the Area or Areas fronting to any Street or Place within the Limits aforesaid, every Person or Persons guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the like Sum for every Week that such O.ffeuce shall be continued.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Provisions of Clauses of the said recited Act (except such as are by this AT varied, altered, or former A a repealed) shall extend and be construed to extend to this AT, as fully l? extend and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enaTed in the Body of t"i>‘

this AT.;

M2 47° GEORG 11 IIR SelL 2. Cap.'S.

1j.xpenc«of

XXII. And be it further: enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and Ex-lo be paid°" Pen.ces> preparatory to and attending the applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, before and in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

v-o £ .*Ib2 ill IIO8.03o

ANNO QUADR.AGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Se(T 2.

Cap. 9.

An Act for amending federal Acts for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and altering 9 G. 3 c. 7*. certain Acts of Parliament fcr making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford:

And whereas one other Act was made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the i5g.3. c.p. Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas one other Act was made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render lS q 3 c. jo. cffcdiual Two Acts of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas one other Act was made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefer.t Majesty, intituled.

An Act for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament for making and 34 G. 3. C. u j. maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the C.ly of Oxford: And whereas one other Act was made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for 390.3.0.3. explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Tvocnty-flxih, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, fr making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas by the \Loc. b3 Per.2 O 0 laid

l46 47° GEORG It III. Sefl* i. Cap. 9.

said recited Acts certain Persons therein named, tnd their SuecrlT r% wei.e incorporated by 'he Name and Style ot The Company of Piopnctori of the Oxford Canal Navigation, and certain Powers and Authorities were th reby given to them fur ihc Purpose of making, luppnriirrg, and maintaining tie laid Canal, and cert nil Relervcfts tortile supplying of the Line with Water, and for carrying the fever.il other Porpolcs of the said recited Act- into Execution: And whereas an Act was made in the Thir-j+G-j e j3. ty-fi urth Year of the Reign of His pres nt Majesty, intituled, Shi API for making and maintaining a navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal now nut ing. or intend: d to be cut, in the Parish of Bud-biooke in the County of Warwick, into the Oxfuid Canal in the Parish of Brauniton in the County of Northamp'on: And whereas an Act was made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, jS G. 3. c. 95. An Atl-for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and ijraunfton Canal Navigation to vary ike CourJ'e of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act made in the Thirty-foue th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the fetid Canal: And whereas by the said two la(l recited Acts, certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, weie inco’porated by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation, and cettain Powers and Authorities were therthy given and refeived to them fur the Purpose of making, supporting, and maintaining the said Canal, and for Carrying the several other Purposes of the said lait rented Ait into Execution: And whereas it would be attended with great Benefit, not only to the said Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, but also to the said Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation, if the said Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation were enabled to feed and supply with Waier the said Wat wick and Napton Canal from the said Oxford Canal Navigation, or from any Kefcrvoir or Reservoiis made or maintained or to be made or maintained by the said Company of Proprietors of the said Oxford Canal Navigaiion; And whereas Doubts have arilen, whether the said Company ot Pioprie-tors of the said Oxford Canal Navigation have, by the said tec led Acts for making and maintaining a navigable Canal ftom the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, Powers sufficient so to feed auo supply the Lid Warwick and Napton Canal: May it therefore please Your Ma-jelfy that ic may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the I.oids bpi-fiiu.il and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aliem-f’ow-nr.f bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts made ektended.138 ‘a F'nth, Fifteenth, Lwenty-sixth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxf.rd, and all and every Tolls, Duties, Clauses, Powers, Exemp.ions, Rules, R-guIationv, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and filings whatsoever therein contained, slave and except such Parts of the Lme a-, relate to any Exemption Fr#m Stamp Duties, and as are varied, ulcered, or lepealol, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, 10 all Incer.ts and Purposes what-fceyer, as if the fume hud been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this pre/ent Act: and that all the Powers in Rich Acts, or any of them

con-

4.70 GEORGII If j. Sess. 2. Cap. 9. H7

contained, touching the making and prefcving Reservoirs and Other Works for the procuring and supplying Water for the Use of the said Oxford Canal Navigation, may be exercised and carried into effect by the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation (or the Purpose of enabling them to supply Water as well for their own Uie as for the Warwick and Napier. Canal Navigation.

IL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power of ftp* for the said Company ot Proprietors of the Oxford C.-nal Navigation to \v^ar^i ka.id feed and Up ply the said Warwick and Nap ton Canal Navigation with Wa- Nation ter from the said Oxford Cum), or from any Reservoir or Reservoirs main- with tained and supported, or to be made, maintained, and supported by the Water. Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, by virtue and Authority of this Act or any of the above recited Acts; and it shall and may be lawful ro and for the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation, by and with the Consent of the said. Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, from Time to Time, and at all Times from and after the passing of this Act, to supply, have, and take into the said Warwick and Napton Canal, from the said Oxford Canal, or from any Refeivoir or Reservoiis maintained or supported, or to be made, maintained, or supported as aforesaid, by the said Company of Proprietors of the said Oxford Canal Navigation, such Quantity or Quantities of Water, and under such Rules and Regulations as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall Parchafe be agreed or awarded to be paid to any Bodies Politick, Corporate, or tmnpenG^ Collegiate, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Admiruflratois, Husbands, tiont due to Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or Persons acting as Guardians. Committers or other Trullees for or on Behalf of any Lu- r.ors.^c.to naticks, Idiots, Femts Covert, or other Cestuique Trulls, or to any Per- to

son or Persons whole Lands or Effaces are limited in (Iridl or other Set- u:ca,&c. element, ot to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whaf-soever, for the Purchasecf or the Damages to be done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts made in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of FIis present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, or any of them, or of this Act, such Money shall, in case the fame amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant Genetal of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account tx parte The Company of P oprieten of the Oxford Canal Navigation, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands,

Tene

148

Applic* ion where ihe Compel', ration Money doei not e*cee<l loot, and above 10I.

App'toation where left than 10I.

47* GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 9.

Tenements or Hereditament, (landing fe tied the^-wich, to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purpiles; or where such Morey shall not be f > applied, then the fame lh ill be laid out an I invelled under the like D rrdion and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyd and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposts, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so pnrehafed, tiken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be extfting undetermined and capable of taking Eft'td; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, Upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolid rted, or Thiee Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and, in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Put poles aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said C nut, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Herrcitaments so hereby di-reded to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money so agreed or awarded to be paid (or any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments taken or used by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Yea'S of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining; a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, rr any of them, or cf this Act, for any of the Purposes thereof, to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pcunds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time beino entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in tefped whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Truflte or Trustees, or other Pei fun or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be fig-nifieri in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the B:nk in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High C urt of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereir-bt foredireded; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons nuking such Option, and approved of by the Comm t-tee of the said Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, or any Three or more of them (such Nomination and Approbations be rtg-nified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that furh Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manntr herein-before directed, so far as the Cale may be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Diredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money payable to such Corporation, or to any Person under Disability or lncapaeiry as aforesaid,

(kali

149

47° GEORGII III. Seffi2. Cap. 9.

shall be iefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be paid, in such Manner as the said Committee of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons afling as such, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so paid, shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In Cafe of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for 'he Purchase of ou" any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, or any of them, or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee, or any Three or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums or, if Persons of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Per- cannot be son or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be ^Moi'cy not known or discovered, then and in every such Cafi, it shall be lawful to be pain for the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, to order the said int®lhe Bank> Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Patties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

(describing the mj subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the subject to the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Appli- 2lunof cation of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of chancery on Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fir all be, and is ur

hereby unpowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respeefive Estate or Ertates, Ti le or Irterest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and 10 make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall feein just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Su ns of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and it further enacted, That where any Where any Questicjn shall a;ifc touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Q.»ellion ^ali paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the th. ThJe'to"8 Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, 'hc Money to for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Perfoutwho [Lire. & Per.'} Pp Estate,

*5°

/hall he in Possession of the Lands shall he deemed to be entitled thereunto unless, Ice.

The Court

may ord-r reasonable Expences of Piirchafts to be paid by the Company.

[Publick Act.]

47® GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 9.

Estate, Right, or Inrereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be putchafed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or In.erefl of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so pad at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dispotd of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Efface or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts made in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth. Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, or any of them, or of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such hums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Puolick Act. and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being spectaliy pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

'll

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO

fit

GEORGII III.

SEPTIMO

REGIS.

mot

its-

Sess. 2.

am

th:

CM

m-

ctfr til:,) in the :to tbs

we

racy

»*4 -

Cap. io.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from

Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to join the Lichfield Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Shenficr.e, in the County of Stafford, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

[25th July 1807.]

ind

mi all/

N.

WHEREAS the Road leading from Birmingham through Part of the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, both in the County of Warwick, into the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Lichfield, into or through the Parish of Shenstone, in the County of Stafford, and also the Road leading out of the said first mentioned Road beyond the Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield into the 'turnpike Road leading from the Borough cf Tamworth to the said Town of Sutton Coldfield, are very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and some Parts thereof are in so ruinous a Condition as to be unsafe for the Passage of Cattle and Carriages; and the said Roads cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, altered, and kept in Repair by the ordinary course of Law; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Charles Bowyer Adder ley, Trustee*. Charles Adderley, Ralph Adderley, Esquires; William Anderton, Matthias Attiuood, George Attwood junior, Thomas Atfwood, Samuel Adcock, Thomas [Loc. & Fen] Q q Adamt,

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2, Cap. io.

Adams, James Alflon, Samuel Af on, John Arnold, Humphrey Arden, Richard Ashford, Joseph Arm'tfhaw, Joj'eph Adams Drayton Bafftt, Richard Alsop, John Allen, W idiom Alcock, Samuel Alcock, Reverend Eger ten Arden Bagot, Thomas Barker, Wyrley Birch Esquire, Thomas Barrs, WiliiamBarrs junior, of Wit ton,' TMmas Barrs junior, William Bedford, Richard Bracken, Richard - Benton, Richard Bird, Brabins Butler, Benjamin Browne, Edward Bower, Thomas B river, John Bragg, Joseph Bret tell, Samuel Blythe, William Brown, Richard Bond, Abraham Bond, 'I homas Baylif, John Booth, George Browne, Edward Broad, Reverend John Byng, William Brown, Henry Bennett, Thomas Blood, Samuel Bodcll, John Boucher, John- Blunt, George Burnjh, Reverend Francis Blick, Edward Croxall junior, John Cope, William Cope, Thomas Cooper, Nathaniel Gooding Clark Esquire, Joseph Cotterell, Henry Curzon senior, Henry Curzon junior, John Curzon, Charles Cooper, Clement Cotterell, John Cook, James Collins, Edward Townford Cox, Robert Cox, John Clark, George Croft D.D. John Carmichael M.D. Thomas Colntcre, Charles Chadwick, Joseph Cotterell, Reverend Charles Edward Collins Clerk, faac Collins, John Cope Builder, Henry Clay Esquire, Wriothefky Digby Esquire, James Dolphin, John Dafforn, George Derrington, James Deakin, William Dunn, John Dicken, Richard } lichen, Robert Dicken, John Stubbs Dicker, Edward Winfeld Dickinson Esquire, John Davis, Humphrey Evett, Edward Edwards, William Edwards, John Edwards, John Eagles, John Edwards Birmingham, William Fletcher Esquire, Thomas Eidgeon, Richard Fcwlcr, Joseph Farr or, George Freer, Thomas Freer, John Fox, Alexander Forrcjl, Reverend Thomas Lane Freer Clerk, Reverend John Fox, Thomas Fox, Martin Parnell, Thomas Freeman, William Fowler, John Fowler, Joseph Fowler, William Humberflon Cawley Flayer Esquire, William Francis, Thomas Francis, Samuel Galton, Samuel i Terisus Galton, Theodore Galton, Richard Gibbins, Richard Greenfall, Lawrence Greehfatl, Thomas Gem, Thomas Gem junior, Roger Williams Gem, William Gi/by M.D. Henry Gcajt Esquire, Edward Getky, Thomas Grundy, James Goddington, Joseph Grice, Zadock Gregory, Sir Edmond Craddock Hartopp Baronet, Andrew Hachett Esquire, Andrew Hachet junior, Esquire, John Hachet Esquire, Joseph Harrison, John Hecly, John Harrison, Humphrey Holden, Henry Hickman, Reverend John Rose Holden Hyla Holden, James Augufus Hunter, Thomas Hadley, Thomas Hamper, William Hamper, William Haughion, William Hicks Esquire, Thomas Holbeche, Thomas Lakin Hawkes, William Hutton, Joseph Hanson, Thomas Hutton, Thomas Harrison, Thomas Higginbotiom, Samuel Harrison, Thomas Hargrave, Peter Harvey, George Harry William Fleet-wood Hartopp Esquire, Humphrey Hollis, John Harding, Samuel Trefey Harding, John Harding of dam worth, Charles Harding, John Harding of Bonehill, Thomas Holmes, Joseph Heath, Thomas Harrison Edgbafton, Daniel Harper, Charles Harding, Benjamin Hildick, John Jenkins, John Iddins, John James Iddins, Edward Johnstone M.D. John Jbhnfione M.D. William Philips Inge Esquire, John Jukes, Joseph Jukes junior, Digby Jenkins, C/rriflopher Jenkins, Lucius Jenkins, Samuel Raikes Jackson, Thomas Kendrick, William Kendrick, John Kettle, Jonathan Knott, George Kennedy, Henry Kempfon, Samuel Kempfon, Thomas Kendrick Kingsbury, John Kendrick, Joseph Kendall, Joj'eph Knight, John Keytc, Sir Robert Lawley Baronet, Henc/tge Legge Esquire, Charles Lloyd, Samuel Lloyd, John Noxon Lane, William Lane, Robert Lloyd, William Leonard, John Lakin, Henry Lakin, James Lakin, Thomas Lander, Edward Lambley, Joftah Limn, John Lees, Reverend William — Lallcy, William Ludlow senior, William Ludlow 9 junior3

47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Caf.ip. *35

junior, George Made ley, Francis Mole, I fane Marfan, Reverend Spencer Madan Clerk, John Mofis, William Mobbs, Samuel Ma: indin, Henry Morris,

Jair.c Male, Jamts Male junior, 1' cvev nd Joseph Mendham Clerk, Charles Madele >, George Mills, Thomas Mole, Reverend Henry Mathews, Jcfah Marsh.rU, John Marriot, William Mew:, William Nield, Robert Pooley Nicholson, Timmins Nevill, Charles Keviil, John Nevilt junior, Robert Nevtll,

John Gu'ihtoa, Henry OJborn, John Oldacre, Charles Oakes, Thomas Owen,

David Owen, John Oily, Sir Robert Peel Baronet, Shirley Farmer Steel Perkins Esquire, Richard Pratchett, Edward Pickard, Edward Palmer Esquire, Henry Perkins, Rice Pritchitt, John Pritchitt, Robert Powell, Charles P imlcy, John Parker, John Phillips, Theodore Price Esquire, Reverend Edward Palmer of Curd worth, Joseph Pimlot, James Pitman, William Powell,

Richard Perry, Peel, Thomas Bradley Paget, William Parsons,

Joseph Peel, William Paul, Robert Peel Esquire, Charles Potter, Thomas Potter, William Peareey, Joseph Parker, John Ryland, Thomas Russell, Samuel Ryland, Theophilus Richards, John Rotten, John Rose, John Rawlinson,

Reverend John Riland Clerk, Joftah Robins, John Robbins, Samuel Reed,

Thomas Roby, Charles Edward Reppington, of Amington, Esquire, John Rodway, Sir Joseph Scott Baronet, Isaac Spooner Esquire, isaac Spooner junior Esquire, Richard Spooner, William Smith, William Wynne Smith, William Smith Attorney, Richard Smith, Timothy Smith, John Smith, John Startin, John Simcox, John Spencer, Reverend Benjamin Spencer I.L.D.

Reverend Robert Spencer Clerk, Edward Sadler, William Shipley, Thomas Sadler, Thomas Swain, John Smith, John Shutt, William Styles, Thomas Salt, George Simcox Esquire, Thomas Starkey, Adam Reed Shaw, John Taylor Esquire, William Thomas, Thomas Terry, William Terry, William Twamley, Francis Twist, William Taylor, Tomlinson of Erdington,

Thomas Tabberner, Samuel Tylecote, Thomas Vickers, John Underhill, Samuel Underhill, William Villiers Esquire, Roger Vaughton Esquire, James Woolley,

Thomas Ward, Henry Ward, Joseph Webfer, Henry Whatcly, John Whctely,

William Walker, Thomas Willmore, Thomas Wil/more junior, James Willmore,

Joseph Willmore, Thomas Warner, Stephen Wallis, William Whatcley, Thomas Whatcley, John Wheeley, Samuel Whecky, John Welsh, William Webb. Charles Walker, George Wakefield, Thomas Wakefield, John Wakefield, John WUlents,

Thomas Wilday, Robert Willoughby Esquire, Reverend William Webb, John Wright, Benjamin Wyatt, Thomas Willington, Peter Wright, Robert Woody,

Arthur Wyatt of Bolehall Glaffcott, Peter Wright Esquire, Reverend-----

Ward Clerk, Samuel Pipe Wolferflone Esquire, Charles Severn Watkins Esquire, Reverend John Watkins Clerk, John Warvbiek, William Whitmore,

William Whitmore junior, Richard Whitmore, The Warden of Sutton Coldfield, and the Capital Burgesses thereof for the Time being, and Samuel Ycadon, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and for otherwise carrying the several Powers and Authorities of this Act into Execution \ and that when as often as any Trustee hereby appointed or to be elected _ in Manner herein-after mendoned shall die, or refuse to act or become ,eTrult«i incapable of acting as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the other Trustees *’

for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to cleft, and by Writing under their Hands to appoint One other Person, qualified as herein-after mentioned, to be a Trustee in the Room of each Person so dying or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting!

Provided always, that Ten Days Notice at the least of the Time and Place of every such Election shall be affixed upon every Toll Gate which shall be

156 47° GEORGII III. Sett 2. Cap. ip.

be then Handing upon the said Roads, and be advertised in some Newspaper printed and published at Birmingham aforesaid; and every Person who shall hereaf ter be chosen a Trustee in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, shall be and is hereby empowered to ad in Conjunction with the other Trustees for the Time being in the Execution of the Trulls and Powers of this Act, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been herein named and appointed a Trustee.

Qualifications IT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person ol Trustees. shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession, or in the Receipt and Enjoyment of the Rents and Profits of Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pound?, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person having an Ellate in Land of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Ellate together, of the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds; ami if any Person, not being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Frotedion, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person lb prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or in Default thereof shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having tided as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, one Moiety of which said Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the General Purposes of this Act: Provided nevert'.eless, that all Acts and Proceedings which shall have keen done and performed by any such Person, touching the Execution of this Act, previous to such Recovery against him as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding the fame, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions cf Trustees who this Act: Provided always, that such of the said Trustees as are or shall be are also Juf- ju the Commission of the Peace for any District, to which the Powers of Peace ma* l^‘s Act may extend, shall have full Power to act as Justices of the Peace,

a£Us such. in any Matter or Thing relating to this Act ^except only in such Cases where they shall be peifonalty mterefled); but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act in any Case where he shall be concerned in Interest, or during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

Meetings of ML And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Trustee# al- more of them, shall meet together alternately, in the said Parish of Afion, ornately in near Birmingham aforesaid, and in the said Parish of Sutton Coldfield, the ctf AUon and ^rlc Meeting to be held at Vauxball, in the said Parish of Afion, on Monday SuttonCoU- the Third Day of August next, or as soon after as conveniently may be for field. the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn such their Fleeting and Meetings to such Day or Days, Place or Places respectively, as they shall deem expedient and proper for the Purposes of this Act, subject nevertheless to the Limitation of Time between each of such Meetings, and to the other Rules and Regulations for holding the fame, as hereinafter expveffkl; and if there shall at any Time be fewer than Five Tiuilees prefect at any Meeting, ihey. shall

*vll not

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. io. 157

not proceed to Business, but such Trustees, if more than Two, shall adjourn the Meeting to such Time and Place as they may deem proper, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, but if there shall be only Two Trustees present, then the Clerk of the Trustees for the Time being, shall in every such Case cause Ten Days Notice in Writing to be affixed on every Toll Gate then erected on the said Roads, or if no Toll Gate shall be then erected, shall cause the like Notice to be given in some Newspaper published in the Town of Birmingham, requiring the Trustees to meet at the Place where the preceding Meeting was appointed to have been held, at any Time not exceeding Forty Days next after the Day for which such last Meeting was appointed; and in case it shall ever happen that no Adjournment shall be made at any Meeting of Trustees as aforesaid, or if any Adjournment shall be made to any longer Period than is allowed by this Act, or in case a single Trustee, or the Clerk aforesaid, shall, in the Events last herein-before mentioned, neglect to affix such Notice for a future Meeting as aforesaid, then and in any of the aforesaid Cases, and as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for any. Five of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act, to cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon every Toll Gate then erected on the said Roads, and to Cause the like Notice to be given in some Newspaper published in the Town of Birmingham, at least Twenty Days before any intended Meeting, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time, and at such Place as they the said Trustees shall think convenient; and the Trustees, when met in pursuance of every or any such Notice or Adjournment as before mentioned, shall and may proceed to carry this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting shall be adjourned to Meetings not a more distant Period than the Space of Twelve Weeks from the Time of be adjoum-such Adjournment, and every Meeting shall be held between the Hours of tha^TweKc-Eleven and Two in the Daytime; and all Orders and Determinations of Weeks.

the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, except where the fame is hereby otherwise mentioned and allowed of, shall be made, issued, and done ~at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherw ife, and the same shall not be valid, unless a Majority of the Trustees present at each Meeting, shall concur therein, such Majority net canlifting of less than Five, who shall sign the fame in the Book or Books kept for that Purpose; and no Order, Determination, or other Act made or done at a former Meeting, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Fifteen Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Determinations, and Proceedings other Acts and Proceedings of the Trustees under this Act, shall be entered to bc ent*red in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders so ln a Book' entered and signed as herein-before required, shall be deemed original

Orders; and such Book or Books, and also the Book or Books containing the Registers of Mortgages, Transfers, and Alignments, as herein-afttr directed, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeals, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching any Thing dene by Authority of this Act; and such Book or Books shall at all the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, end made payable, and any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding [Let. & Per.] Rr One

*58

Power to appoint Officers.

Officers to account, See.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 10.

One Hundred Words, the Sum of One Shilling, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to beholden in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Treasurer or Cashier, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also such Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, Surveyors cf Roads and Buildings, and other Officers, with such Salaries or Allowances as they shall think necessary, and shall and may from Time to Time remove any such Officers as they shall see Occasion; and in case of Removal, or of the Death or Resignation of any such Officers, shall and may appoint new ones in their Stead: Provided nevertheless, that whenever any Collector of the Tolls, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing his Duty, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said TrusteeSj although not assembled at a Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to supply his Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees, at which Time such Order shall be made for his Continuance or for his Removal, and for the Appointment of another in his Stead, as shall feetn adviseable; any Thing hereir.-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons as shall be appointed by virtue of this Act shall, as often as required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, render and deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, a true, exact, andperfeft Account in Writing under their respective Hands, with the proper Vouchers, of and for all Monies which they shall from Time to Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices, and shall verify such Account upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and in case any Money so received by any such Officer or Person as last mentioned shall thereupon be found to remain in his or their Hands the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall by Writing under their Hands authorize or empower to receive the same, and shall be disbursed and laid out in the Execution cf this Act, and not otherwise; and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or rsfufe to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver up any Voucher or Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make any such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being the reunto required by any Five or more of the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in either or any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to bs brought any Action or Actions, in the Name of such Trustees, or in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, against every such Officer or other Person so offending as aforesaid, for the Recovery of all Monies, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings which shall be in his Custody as aforesaid; or if Complaint shall be made of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any One or more

3 Justice

*59

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 10.

Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Piace where any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall be and reside, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order the Party so offending to be brought before him or them, and upon the Appearance of such Party, or on his not being to be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts; and if upon the Conteflion of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall be convicted of any such Of-ence as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may, upon such Conviction, commit the Party so offending to the common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mai.i-prize until he shall have made and verified such Account, and paid over all the Monies remaining in his Hands, in Manner aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Composition (which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and receive) or until he shall have rendered and given up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct, all such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid; or it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Money remaining in the Hands of such Offender to be levied by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, or if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of levying the fame, then to commit every such Offender to the common County Gaol as aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize until he shall have made such full Payment, or have made and paid such full Composition as aforesaid; provided always, that no such Officer or other Person so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Power to take more of them, shall require and take such Security or Securities from their Security from Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers, for the due Officers. Execution of their respective Officers, and for the Payment of all Monies to

be received by them respectively in the course thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge proper: Provided always, that no Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, Cider, or Spirituous Liquors, V‘aual.;cr.’ shall be capable of holding any Place of Trust or Profit under this piLes of Aa- Profit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Tru(te sued, for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of sue, &c. this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being; and that no die Name of Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or ao-ainst the Treafww the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer,

shall abate or be difeoniinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Treasurer, without the Consent of the said

Trustees,

I 6(3

Treasurer to 'be reimbursed Expences.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Power to continue and erect Toll Gates, Side Gates, and Toll Houses.

TolFs may be taken.

Tolls.

47° GEORGII 111. Sess. 2. Cap. 10.

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; but that the Treasurer for the Time being to tha laid Trustees Ilia 11 be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully indemnified, reimbursed, and paid ouc of the Monies to aril'e by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceedings he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall be thought necessary that they should meet at an earlier Time than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that case the Clerk to the Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in such Order (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments; and all Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise (except as herein mentioned); and no Order or Determination shall be made, unless the major Part of the Trustees present shall concur therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, as they think proper, erect and set up such and so many Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and upon the Sides thereof, and also across any Lane, Common, or Way leading into or out of the fame; and may also erect or provide and continue a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniencies, at or near each Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue the Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think expedient; and may also, in Manner herein directed for the purchasing of Land for the turning or widening of the said Roads, take in and indole from the said Roads, or any Part thereof, convenient Garden Spots for each of the said Toll Houses not exceeding One Quarter of an Acre, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary; and that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at each and every of such Toll Gates by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say,)

For every Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis a-Vis, Chaise,

Calash, Chaise Marine, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other Carriage,

drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of draught, the Sum of Two Shift

lings;

ii

B

a

ik

d

h

I

LCfl

an

im-

M

ad

eta

tss

EOT

(uck

Sid

fill

iToS 18* is#

c*

rfl»

je#’

bud

fa

J*

[id1

ifl? GEORGGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 10. i6r

lings-, and drawnby Four Ilorfesor Ben ft 5 of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Su:n of Sixpence:

For every Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage drawn by One Horse or Btaft of Draught, the Sum of 'l hrce-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of the Breadth of Six Inches or more from Side to Side, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by any Number of Horses or Beails of Draught (not exceeding Eight) the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of a less Breadth than Six Inches from . Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by any Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught (not exceeding Six) the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Cart, Wain, or such other Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of the Breadth of Six Inches or more from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of a less Breadth than Six Inches from Side to - Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and diawn by Three Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and lb in Proportion for any greater or less Number: and,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and lo in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they are Tolls veiled hereby vested in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put and in tlleTruf-continued at each and every Toll Gate or Tall House eroded on the said tees'

Roads; and it liiall be lawful to and for die several Persons who diall, by virtue ol this Act, be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the said Tolls; and if any Person or Persons, subject lo the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand made thereof by any Collector of the said Tolls, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it ihatl be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized and appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls, by himself or themselves, or taking such Afliilance as he or they mail thick necessary, to seize or distrain any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, upon which any such Toll is by this Act impeded, together with their Bridles, Saddles., Gears, Hamefs, or Accoutrements, or any Carriage, in respect of the Horses or Beads drawing which Carriage such Toll is by this Act imposed; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining may fell the Horses, Beads, Cattle,

Carriage, or Things lb seized and did’rained, or a fulficieat Part thereof, re-[Ld Per.] Ss turning

at not to m-crease them.

1C2 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 10.

turning the Overplus of the Money to arise by such Sale (if any) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Distress, and Sale, shall be deducted.

Power to vary

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tmftees, or any Five or the Tolls to nlore of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (whereof at lead; Twenty-eight Days Notice shall be given in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates erected on the said Roads, and inserted in some one Newspaper published or circulated in the said Town of Birmingham) may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, in case it shall appear requisite or expedient, to lessen and reduce, and again to raise and advance the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, or any Fart or Parts thereof, and to order the same to be taken in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they shall think fit, so that the respective Tolls so varied never exceed the Tolls by this Act authorized to betaken, andfo that the Tolls so granted or varied be never lelfened until the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, together with the Interest, be repaid, except the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixth Parts or Shares at the least of such Money consent thereto , and such Tolls so varied, and every of them, shall be collided, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person shall be liable to pay more than once for passing or repairing at any Time or Times in any one Day (to be computed from Twdve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) with the fame Horles, Cattle, or Carriages respectively, through all or any of the Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, but that every Person, after having paid Toll once, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, shall afterwards be permitted to pass with every such Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, Toil-free, during such Day, through all or any of the said Toll Gates; which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen touching the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of taking, keeping, or felling any Distress, which shall be taken by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of such Tolls, or the Charges of seizing, detaining, and disposing of such Distress as aforesaid (as the Case shall happen) shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Place, or District where such Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or any Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) and shall determine the Quantity of the Toll due, and also assess the Costs and Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs and Charges; all which Sum or Sums of Money, so determined and assessed, shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the Distress or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

No more than One Toll to be aken in One Day.

DifpUtOB to

be settled by a Justice.

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Cap 10.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Toils or Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of this Add, the said Trufiscs, or any Five or more of them, shall, in the first Place, pay all the ESpences incurred by and in relation to the obtaining and passing this Act, and shall afterwards apply the fame in paying the Interest of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and in defraying the Charges and Expences of making, eroding, repairing, maintaining, removing, and altering such Toll Gates and Toll Houses as aforesaid, and such Arches and Culverts, Drains and Ditches as shall be necessary to be made, repaired, or maintained, and the Expences of repairing, altering, and widening the said Roads, and in making good the Damages which may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of Houses and Lands as herein-after mentioned, and in paying the Purchase Money for such Lands as are herein-after authorized to be taken and purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and in defraying all other Expences relating to the Execution of this Act, and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That only One Toll Gate shall b<j erected or set up across the said Road leading from Birmingham to I.ichfiehl, and that such Toll Gate shall be erected or set up at the Third Mile Stone on the said Road leading from Birmingham to Lichfield, and that no Toll Gate shall be erected or set up on the Side of the Road leading from Birmingham to Lichfield, where the Road leading from Curdworth enters the said Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Gravelly Hill, in the said Parish of Aston, or across or upon that Branch of the said Road leading from Sv.tttn Coldfield to or towards Tamworth: Provided always, that every r - Ton paying Toll at the said Gate to be erected across the said Road, shall j;, s Toll Free through any Side Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act; and every Person paying Toll at any One of such Side Gates shall be permitted to pass Toll Free through the said Gate to be erected across the said Road, and also through any other such Side Gate or Gates as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, are and is hereby empowered to enter into any Contract or C.ontradsin Writing with any Person or Persons for widening and repairing the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for building or repairing any Toll Gate, Toll House, Arch, or Culvert, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and for doing all necessary Works relating thereto or required to be done by virtue of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum and Sums of Money as shall seem fair and reasonable; and such Contracts frail be binding upon all Parties, and Damages and Colls shall and may be recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with any Person or Persons, for all or any cl the Tolls to be paid by such Person or Persons, for and in respect of any Carriages, Horses, Cattle, or Bealls travelling on the said Roads, provided such Composition Monies frail be paid Six Calendar Months in advance to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Roads; and in Default of any such

Payment,

163

Tolls to be applied for the general Purposes of the Adit.

Limiting the Number of Toll Gates to be erc&ed on the said Road, or the Sides thereof.

Trustees may contradi with Persons for widening the Road, 6iCm

Tolls may be compounded

for.

164 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. 'Cap: 10.

' Payment, the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Periods making such Default, shall from thenceforth be void.

For leafing

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fakl the Tolls for Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time by Writing exceed n0t un^er t^c*r Hands and Seals to lease the Tolls arising within.or upon the Three Years, laid Roads, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, unto any Person or Persons from Year to Year or for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the bell Rent that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, and to such Person or Persons as they the said Trailces, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint.

IPersons and

XXI. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls hereby autho-Thingsex- rized to be taken shall be demanded, taken; or paid at- any of the Toll empted from Gates erected or to be rredted upon the said Roads, for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriage^, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching) or guarding such Mails or Expref&s, or in returning therefrom; nor lor the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty, nor for any Horse?, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying, the Arms or Bag-

S'tgej of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying, or returning from rrying any field, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor front any Rector, Vicar, or Citrate going to or returning from his own Parish Church, ' or Chapel, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor from any Person or Persons going to 09 - returning front his or their Parochial Church, Chapel; Or other Usual Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or on any other 1 Day on which Divine Service is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place through which any Part of the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired lies; nor for any Horses, Beasts, Cattle, or Carriages used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying Person3 to or from any Election of a Kn'foht or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Warwick; or for carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying Vagrants lent by’ legal PaiTes; or for carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or- conveying Hay, Clover, Turnips, or Corn in the Straw, to be laid or Hacked up in any Barn or Yard held or: used by the Owner thereof; or for carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying, any Mack, Mould, Lime, or Comport; nor for any Horses, Beasts, or Cattle passing in order to be used or employed only upon or for the Occupation of Land in any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, or drawing any Waggon, Caff, Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry in order to be so used or employed, or to be repaired, unless the Carriage bearing any such Plough, Harrow, rtr other Implement of Husbandry, be also laden with any other Thfo<r not hereby intended to be exempted from Payment of Toil; nor for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle passing to or from Pasture upon any such Land as last-mentioned, or to or from Water, and for either of those Purposes going or passing only from one Parish into the next adjoining Parish, or not travelling more than Two Mills along the said Ronds'; nor for any Horse,. Beast, or

other

i6s

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 10

other Cattle when going to or returning from being flioed or famed; nor for any Horse. Beall, or Cattle, used or employed only for the Purpose ct carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, Materials lor the making or repairing any Highway or publick Road within any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place as aforesaid; nor for any Horse, Bealt, Cattle, or Carriage used or employed by any Inhabitant within the said Parish of Sutton Coldfield, iti carrying Peat or Fuel from and out of a certain Park called Sutton Coldfield Park, for the Ure of such Inhabitants only; nor for any Hoise, Bead,

Cattle, Waggon, or Cart used or employed in the Carriage or Conveyance of Coals on any Part of the said Road North of the Town of Sutton Cold-field, from any Coal Mines situate in the County of Stafford, for the 1 'fe of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Sutton Coldfield, only, and brought by Land Carriage immediately from the Collieries; nor lor any Waggon,

Cart, or Carriage, moving upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof, the Fellies or Tire w hereof shall not deviate more t!: r One Inch from a flat Surface; nor for any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or C arriage which dial I cross the said Roads only, or shall not pass more than One hundred Yards thereon; nor for any Ilorfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Vo-1. teer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person it the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutre-ircr.ts, according to the Regulation appointed for such Corps, at the Time ol claiming the Exemption; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any Exemption in this Act contained or provided for, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in all Cases, the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Party claiming the same.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Provisions

or Persons shall, with any Horse or other Bealt, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoever, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining or lying near to any ° s‘

Toll Gate to be erected upon the said Roads (the fame not being a publick Highway,) for the Purpose of avoiding the Tolls, or if the Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse or other Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls flu.ll be avoided, or if any Person shall forcibly pals through any of the said Toll Gates with any Horse or other Beall, Cattle, or Carriage, without paying the Tolls for the fame, or shall take off. or cause to be taken off, any Horse, or other Beall from any Carriage, or shall leave, or cause to be left, upon or near any Part of the said Roads, any Horse or other Beall, or Cattle, or any Goods, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Toll.-, or any of them, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds (over and besides such Damages and Punishments as they shall be otherwise liable to by Law) one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied to the Purpose3 of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Farmer, Renter, or Penalties ou Collector of any of the said Tolls, shall demand and take, or cause to be Collectors

[Ltc. Ss" Per.~\ Tt denianued tali;nS

i6S 47® GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 10.

Starter or lcfs demanded and taken, from any Person or Persons, any Toll not hereby allowed'*"0 authorized to be taken, or a greater or leis loll than so authorized, such Farmer or Renter shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and every such Collector not being the Farmer or Renter, shall for every such Otfence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered in Manner heiein* after mentioned.

Power to

XXIV. And whereas some Parts of the said Roads lead over Open fence off Parts Grounds, and the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted may, by reason of Rra'1 the VS idth thereof, be avoided; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may cause to be fenced and ditched off such Parts of the said Open G ounds as they shall think necessary, in order to prevent the Payment of the said Tolls being avoided.

Road leading over Open Grounds.

Toll Gates,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property in all &c.vettedin the Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Weighing Machines, and the several Conve-iu ees. niences and Appurtenances thereto belonging, which shall be erected and made by virtue of this Act, and in the Materials for Buildings, and repairing the same, and for repairing the said Roads, and all other Materials, Articles, and Things which shall be purchased,collected,orprovided for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk for the Time being by their Order, are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of the same as they shall think proper, and to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer, or cause to be preferred and prosecuted, any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, break down, or damage any such Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Conveniences, Ap. purtenances, Materials, Articles, or Things, ordilturb them or their Agents or Servants, in the Possession thereof.

Tor borrow-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five ino Money or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, whereof Toiis^nm£ Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in Writing affixed upon all the Toll Gates then erected upon the said Roads, and inserted in some one Newspaper published or circulated in the said Town of Birmingham, may and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think needful; and they are hereby also empowered, either at such Meeting or afterwards, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any Part of the Tolls to be collected and levied at the said loll Gates, the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls, for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as shall advance and lend the fame; which vlortgage shall be made in the following Form, or in any other Form of Words to the like ElFed; (that is to say)

Form of Mortgage.

47° GEORGII III. Sefll 2 Cap. io. 167

‘ Title of this Act] We, of the Tru flees for

‘ putting the said Act in Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of ‘ to the Treal'urer of the said Roads in hand paid, do

gTant, bargain, fell, and demise unto his

« Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls

arising determined by virtue of this Act, and of the Poll Gates and loll Iloules for

collecting the fame, as the Sum of doth or

« {Hull bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof; to be

had and holden from the Day of last

past, for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said

‘ Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

-per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given

under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

‘ One thousand eight hundred and

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to Mortgages to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; ^e.,e^redin and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and a i'°°

Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents a-.d Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mor gages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the \uoney thereby secured, may from Time to Time assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing an Instrument to be annexed to, or by Indoifing on such Security the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

I A.B. do transfer this Mortgage or Security [or, a certain Mortgage Form of ‘ or Security, shortly J} a ting it, as the Case may be] with, ail my Right Fransfer.

‘ and Ti le to the Principal Money hereby secured, and all the Interest ‘ row due thereon, untoC.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

Dated this Day of

A. b:

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk within One Calendar Month after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, far which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and no more; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignees may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be irt the Power of any Person or Persons making such Assignment or Transfer, afterwards to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mor gages, Afilgnments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Tolls, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates oi such Mortgages or Assignments.

i6$

Surveyors

may dig for Gravel in Waste without paying for it.

Notice to he given before Materials are taken from inclosed Grounds.

47° GEORGII III. Semi. Cap. 10.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by the said Trustees, and all such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, gather, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for completing or repairing the said Roads, out of or front any Waite or Common Ground, River, or Brook, any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in which any Part of the find Roaus lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet,-Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks from whence such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, lb that tin fame shall not be dangerous to any Persons or Cattle, and paving for the Damages done by go ng through and over any Lands or Grounds for and with such Materials (such Damages to be ascertained as herein-alter mentioned); and also that it shall belawlul for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search lor dig, gather, and carry away any such Materials, in or out of the Grounds of any Person (not being a Ground whereon any Houses or Buildings Hand, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddoctt, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and frt apart as a Nursery for Trees) making or tendering such Satis‘action for the Damages done to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for repairing the said Roads shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Survey rs, or other Perfo. s appointed and employed as aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of private Grounds, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, it (halt be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where such Materials fluff be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, or carried away, or over, on Eight Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, to hear, settle, and determine the VJatter of such Payment and D mages; and the Judgment ot Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, in or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, under the Hands of Five or more of of the said Trustees, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Prtmifes from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for him or her, at his or her usual Place of Residence, to appear before Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County, Town, or Place, where such Premises shall lie, at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials fluff not be had from fu.h Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and it such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herlelt, or his or

her

47° GEORGII III. Seff2. Cap. io. 169

her Agent, the said Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they fl.all think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended; and the said Justices shall and may administer Oaths, and award Cods, in like Manner as herein-after mentioned, in Cases of Difference in the Valuation of Lands, to be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, tube widened, altered, improved, repaired, and kept move Annoy-in Repair, when, where, i:i such Manner, and so often as they, or any l ive ances, and to or more of them, shall judge proper; and for that Purpose it shall be vleanfe lawful for them, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Lhtc e*' c* Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons employed for that Purpose, from Time to Time to remove all Annoyances made on any Part of the said Roads, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw Pits, or other Pits, Buildings, Hovels, Dung, Allies, Filth, Rubbish, or Straw, or by any other Things or Means whatsoever, and to abate, remove, take down, fill up, and carry away the fame, and convert the Materials thereof, for the Benefit of the said Roads, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, Ditches, or Drains, running along, into, or out of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof also to open, scour, cleanse, deepen, or widen any Watercourses, Sinks,

Ditches, Drains, or Arches, adjoining or near to the said Roads, and to cut down any Trees, Shrubs, Wood, or Bushes, growing in the fame Roads, and to lop or top any Timber Trees, and to cut down, lop, or top any other Trees, Shrubs, Wood, or Bushes, growing in the Hedges or Banks adjacent to the fame Roads, or within Twelve Feet of the Centre of such Roads, and to take and carry away the fame, and convert and dispose thereof, for the Benefit of the said Roads, and to reduce all Hedges running along the Sides of the said Roads, to the Height of Eight P eer, in case the Persons to whom the same shall belong shall neglect to remove or abate such Annoyances, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercouifes, Sinks, Drains, Ditches, or Arches, or to cut down, lop, top, or remove such Trees, Shrubs, Wood, and Bushes, and reduce such Hedges, ior the Space of Ten Days after Notice in Writing, left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, under the Hands of any Five or more of the said 1 rustees, or under the Hand of the Surveyor, or any other Person employed by them, in or about the said Roads; and the Charges of removing and abaiing such Annoyances, and of opening, scouring, cleansing, deepening, and widening such Watercourses, Sinks, Drains, Ditches, and Arches, and reducing such Hedges,-shall be recovered from the Person or Persons neglecting so to do, after such Notice as aforesaid, in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are to he recovered under this Act; and such Person or Persons, guilty of such Neglect after such Notice given.flull likev.-ife for every Yard in Length of such W atercourses, Drains, Ditches, and Hedges foneglected to be opened, fcou.-ed,cleansed, deepened, and widened, or reduced as aforesaid, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings over and above such Charg-s as aforesaid, and to be recovered in Manner aforesaid; and if any such Person shall afterwards oSer.d in the like Manner, he or she shall, for every such subsequent Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings: P: ovided never* Time ofcut-tflcleLjthat noPerlqn or Persons shall be compelled, nor any Surveyor permit* *'"11 Hedges, ted, by virtue of this Act, to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than &c-\Loc. &Per.~] U u between

1 JO

ftfialty on taking away Materials.

Power to make Cause-ways.

Certain Lands and Buildings to be taken for the Purposes «f the Act.

47* GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. io.

between the last Day of September and the last Dav of March; and that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to authorize or oblige any Person or Persons to fell any Timber Trees growing in Hedges at any Time whatsoever. except where the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall be diverted, altered, turned, or widened, or to cut down or grub up any Oak Trees growing on the Sides of the said Road, or in any Hedges adjoining thereto, except in the Months cf April, May, or June, or any Ash, Elm, or other Trees, in any other Months than in the Months of December, January, February, or March.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Occupier of any Ground or Soil, or any Person whomsoever, shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gathered, or ptepared for the Purposes of this Act; or if any Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, shall get or take away any Materials cut of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials, before the said Surveyor, or his Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Forty-two Days, (except the Owner or Occupied of such Pit or Quarry, for his private Use, and not for Sale), every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Person or Persons by them or either of them appointed or employed, may, and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to make, or cause to be made, any causeway or Foot-path in or along the Side of any Part or Parts of the said Roads.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to take so much of a Piece or Parcel of Land now used as a Garden, situate on the Western Side of the said Road leading from Birmingham to Lie).field, belonging to the Masters, Fellows, and Scholars of Emanuel College, in the University of Cambridge, in the Occupation ot Samuel Waddam, as will range in a (trait Line trom a certain Building now used as a Blacksmith’s Shop, situate at or near to the Bottom of the said Town of Sutton Coif eld, now in the Occupation of the said Samuel Waddam or his Undertenant, to a certain Building, now used as a Stable, belonging to Andrew Hacket Esquire, in the Occupation of Edward Sadler Gentleman; and also to take so much of the Land belonging to the said Warden and Society of the Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield, at or near to the Bottom of the said Town of Sutton Coldfield, now used as a Garden, and in the Occupation of Jofiph James, lying on the Eastern Side of the said Road leading from Birmingham to Lichfield, as shall be necessary; and also to take down a certain Pig Stye or Hovel belonging ' to the said Warden and Society, in the Occupation of Thomas Norris, and to take the Land on which the fame is erected, and so much of the Land occupied therewith as shall be necessary; and also to take down a certain Building occupied with and adjoining to a Messuage, Cottage, or Tenement belonging to the said Warden and Society, in the Occupation of John Farmer, adjoining to the said last-mentioned Land, as shall be necessaryj; and also take down such Part of a certain Messuage, Cottage, or Tenement, and Pig Stye, and to take the Land oft'which such Part of the said Build-

ig' - ' me inS*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. IQ. 171

Jpgs are erected, and also to take fcmuch of the Land occupied therewith as shall be necessary, the whole of which belong to the said Warden and Society, and are now in the Occupation of Richard Granger; also to take down certain Walls erected in the Front of a certain Building used as a Workhouse, and Part of a Privy occupied with the said Workhouse, and to take the Land on which the fame is built, and also the Court Yard fronting the said last-mentioned Road, which said last-mentioned Building and Land are in the Occupation of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Pari 111 of Sutton Coldfield, and belong to them or to the said War. den and Society; all which Five last described Messuages, Cottages,

Buildings, Tenements, and Land are situate in the said Town of Sutton Goldfield, and on the Eastern Side of the said Road leading from Birmingham to Lichfield; also to take Part of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land fnuate at the upper Part of the said Town of Sutton Coldfield, belonging to and in the Occupation of Brabins Butler, Part of which is used as a Plantation, adjoining to and abutting at the Northern End thereof to certain Cottages and Buildings next herein-after described; also to take down Two Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and four small Buildings adjoining thereto, heretofore used as Stables and Worklhops, and to take the Land cn which the said Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, and Builings are erected; and also to take the Land now used as a Yard and Gardens, occupied therewith and adjoining thereto, all which said last-mentioned Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and Land adjoin the said Land of the said Brabins Butler, and are situate at or near the Top of the said Town of Sutton Coldfield, on the Western Side of the said Road leading from Birmingham to Lichfild, and which belong to the said Warden and Society of Sutton Coldfield, and are now in the Occupation of Elizabeth Goodwin, Widow, and Abraham Cooper, their or some or One of their Undertenants; and also to take such Part of a certain Piece or Parcel cf Land now uled as a Garden, situate at a Place or Hamlet called Hill, in the said Parish of Sutton Coldfield, as shall be necessary, belonging to Elizabeth Outton, Widow, and in the Occupation of William Baylifs-, and also to take such Part of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land now used as a Garden, situate at Hill aforesaid, and adjoining to the last described Piece of Land, as shall be necessary, belonging to Thomas Pratt, and in the Occupation of Richard Piercy, and to contract and agree for the fame with the several Owners and Occupiers thereof, and for their respective Interests tncrein, under the Powers and Provisions of this Act herein-after contained.

XXXIII. Provided always, That if any of the before-mentioned Premi- MiCnomers fes or the Places where they are situaterl, or the Persons whole Property,'Dottoprevent or in whole Possession they are stated to be, shall happen to be inifuamed the E> coition or improperly described, it shall not prevent or rttard the making of the of this Roads through or over any such Premises, but the same shall and may be

taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, in such and the same Manner as, rf the fame were properly named and described.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Trustees may for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby contract fur authorized and empowered from Time to Time as they shall think proper, Purch»li»g to widen, divert, turn, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts Xar‘d'

of the Roads comprized in this Act, and that any Variation of Road may

« be

172

Where Persons neglect or refute to treat, Damages to be settled by a

J

47° GEORGII 111. Sess. 2. Cap. to.

be of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and throuch any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and to the Persons interested therein, for the Damages they may sustain thereby; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden under this Act, to contract and agree with the Owners of or Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, for the Purchase or Exchange thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by widening and diverting, turning, shortening, varying, and altering the Courfeor Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politic or Corporate, t.cclefiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, and Committees, not only for and on the Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on the Behalf of their infant Wards, Cestuique Trusts, Lunatics, Idiots, or Persons of unfound Memory and TJnderstanding, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized or pcf-sessed of or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to con i raft with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them, or any Five or more of ihent, any such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Parc thereof, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contrafts, Sales, or Conveyances which shall be made in Writing, and sealed and delivered by any Five or more of the said Trustees, in pursuance of any Order or Orders at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden under this Act, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, F.cclefiastical, or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and all other Perf< ns, liiall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue o( this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Trustees to take or make use of for any of the Purposes of this Act, or in any wise injure or damage, any House or Building, or any Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, or any Walk of Trees, or Avenue to any House, unless the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall consent thereto; save and except any House or Building, or any Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, or any Walk of Trees, or Avenue to any House, by this Act authorized to be token or made use of.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politic, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, of left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or other Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the I,ands or Hereditaments through which any Part of such Roads is to be diverred, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice given or left, itegleft or refute to tr?at, or shall not gree in the Premises, or by realou

i of

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. io.

of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage or Recompence to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County wherein such Lands shall lie, and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occasion shall be, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine on Oath, any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall by ordering a View, or otherwise, use all such Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damages or Recompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in such Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; which Verdict or Inquisition and Judgement, Order, or Determination thereupon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Revrrfion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Persons under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for summening and returning such Jury, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County wherein such Lands shall lie, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four Persons qualified to i'erve on Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to draw, by Ballot, and to swear, or cause to be sworn. Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall return other honed: and indifferent Men, of the Standers-by, or that may be speedily procured, to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power from Time to Time to impofeany reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give, or shall not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined or give Evi-[Lk. (s? Per.] X x dence.

i/4

Owners of Land used in making a new Hoad to have the first Offer of the old Road.

How Expences of the Jury shall be paid.

47° GEORGII III. SclV. 2. Cap. 10.

clence, so as that no such Fine be more than Five Pounds on any one Person for one Offence.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course of any Part of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Land which shall be cur and used for the Purpose of making such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the Trustees and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the lame shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in airy of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where such old Road shall lie, flating that such Offer has been made by or onBehalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road (as the Case may be); and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Tr. flees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person or Persons by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit 'n Law or Equity.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in or deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Propetty of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained, than what shall have been agreed and offered by the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other known Agent, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recomputes and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, and Property, or Lois or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be

accep’i-d

*75

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 10.

accepted or taken on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and returning the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of the Money-in his Hands to atife by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or less Money than shall have been offered by or on the Eehalf of the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every Inch Cafe the full Colls and Expences of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which Did Coils and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace not inte-retled in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame, at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend hint for that Purpose) fltali and may bt deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sunt or Sums so assessed or adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, maybe recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence, have been prevented front treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, Consideration, Recompence, and Satisfaction to be agreed for, or ascertained or assessed as aforesaid shall be paid out of the Tolls, oroi,t of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, accord ng to the Direct ons herein-after contained, either into the Bank of England, or, as the Case may require, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, then upon leaving the lame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treassurers to tie said Trustees, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Thirty Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons or their Agents, to receive such Money, Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to extend, widen, divert, or turn the said Road through or over such I.ands or Hereditaments, and to do all and every Act, Matter, or Thing, with relation to such Lands or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit; and the said f ruflees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Parts of the said Road as shall be made, widened, diverted, or turned through any private Grounds, to be ditched or otherwise

Money agreed upon or assessed for Lands how to be paid and tendered.

>76 47 ° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 10.

otherwise fenced from the adjoining Lands, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct; and all Lands and Hereditaments which shall be made a Part or Parts of the said Roads by virtue of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed a common Highway, and be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair, by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair, and after such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall (after such Offer and Refusal as hereinbefore mentioned) be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bed Price that can reasonably be had or gotten for the fame, and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Warwick, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Application

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Money to arise from the fatiWwSum Sale °‘ any Farids, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased exceeding for 'he Purposes of this Act, of any Body Corporate, Ecclesiastical or 20QI. Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, not having the Power to fell without the Authority of this Act, Feoffees in Trull, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Pesfons or Person, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Tiudees for executing this Act, or any Five or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Iiereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inveded, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whith shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Truds Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments which shall be so purchadd, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiding undetermined or capable of raking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inveded by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to

J77

47° GEORGII III. Sess.a. Cap. 10.

to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from I inie to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or P, rfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby diiecled to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Applicatbit so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Pur poles aforesaid, and belong- a a ixcenir.f ing to any such Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Pi ivity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees for executing this Act, or any Five or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approv ng Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising the reoo, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such ^f*0* Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be 20it less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Commi'tee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons inci&otnot to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded fur the Purchase of Tjt'j "‘a out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of ' ’ this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustee or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such or ,f Pofons Sum or Sums of Money shall be lo awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, 'e or if ihe Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here- Bui-cieifc ditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it i.aoiae shall and may f e lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more i of them, ro order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, to be [Los. is1 Ptr. J Ty paid

i7'8

Subject to the Or.ler of the Ci-urt of Chancery c M ion cr Penliv>ik-

Respectinjj

Jifouteil

Title*.

Court °t,

Chancery to direct the Payment of JCxjKllCCS.

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. ro.

paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parries interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the nf] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which Lid Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and t order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reai’onable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receiptsfor such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what nd for w hose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Titleof any Person to any Money tobe paid into the Bankof£«j/rt/jt/, inthcName and with the Privityof the Accountant General.of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fame other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, emitted to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expeners of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any

Five

179

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. io.

Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money fur such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truit^iMnay Trullees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to cause sto«e«,"&c. the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Polls to be placed in or near the Sides of the said Roads, with Inscriptions thtreon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, as they shall think proper; and Penalty for de. if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction f'""nsthem‘ Pod or Mile Stone, erected or fixed, or to be erected or fixed, in or near the Side of the said Roads, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footpath or causeway adjoining to or made on the Side of or upon the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any such Footpath or causeway j or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages) or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to root up or damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or the Fences,

Hedges, Bankings, or Copse, on either Side thereof j or if any Person or PeTons shall leave or suffer any Cattle, Sheep, or Beall, to be and remain lot-lie on the said Roads; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise,

"Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Roads and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the said Roads., or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his or their Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires whatsoever, or shall set fire to, or let eft", or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on any Part of the said Roads, without sufficient Cause, or longer than tnay be necessary to load or unload the fame, either with or without any Horse or Bead of Draught harnelfed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung,

Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on ok. assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause to be assaulted, interrupted, or Ex-aHonof hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, of this ah. any other Person or Persons by them, or any of them, or by the said Truf-cees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Pc f m

clnr Kc-ahlf (o u»cr IVvik ro continue lo.

JnfllCfS to ♦leret mine X) fie enees r«-i.ch»iu. ^l.u'ute Woxk.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. io.

XLVII. Provided always, and bo it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and tepaired, or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and ic shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Warwick, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them determined by the said Trustees appointed or to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by thftr Order yeaily to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year, be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish cr Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at feme Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days alter the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing me Nature of the Work to be done, whether with T earns or Draught, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways j and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to co such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be lufjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid alter Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at Ins, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or l earns. Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, or Beast or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any 6 Law

47° GEORGII III. Sets.2. Cap. 10. x.Si

Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be ltnr with any Team or Draught to %votk on the said Reads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, fitch Surveyor is hereby ctnp wered to remove and turn off the Perl'on who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payment? aforesaid, as if he had negiefted or refilled to com., or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Pan ct he laid Roads, ail which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to me said Trustees, and applied towatus the amending the said P.uads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highwa>s, for any of the said P,rilhes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully legledt to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully g:ve in false or imperfect Lids, every such Surveyor 1 > offending lh I, for tv-iy such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to t. iiftees mar and for the aid Trustees appointed and to be appointed under and by v*r*st«utcv.\rk, ti e ot Adf, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons,

Bud it' iJ :ck or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done

on the i i Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any any - of the Parishes and Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be lituiie, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year, or otherwise, as the said Tru shall think reasonable, in htu of tf.e Whole, or of any Part of the S ate or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occufd; done on the said Roac.; which Composition Money shall always t. paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer oi cue Parish, or by the Persons so compounding ro the Treasurer of he laid Trustees in advance, on or befote the Twenty-ninth Dav of September in each and every Year, or other wise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place, shall not be permitted to compound for tha. Year.

XLIX. And whereas Offences may be committed again!! this Act by Forte urin» Periods unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers f'rA",1<^t °;* appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it further enacted, That it cn’c‘s shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than tins Act, to ffize and detain any such unknown Prrion or i ersons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Off'.' ces shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Potions so offending to give Securj.y for his,' her, or their Appearance at the next Petty StiEon ro be hold, n within or for the County, Place, or Biffrft in which lucti Offeree or Offences have been committed, to answer the said Complain:; and the Justices prel nt at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the 1 aid Comr.lauu in a summary WaV, and upon Cm.rlftfi u ILoc. & Per.] Zz . cl

182

Form of Conviction.

IVnaities how to be ree<» vered and applied*

47° GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. 10.

of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom lie, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at Inch Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for fuel) Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Gaol or House of Correction for the said County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless he, (lie, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

L. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offences against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words (as the Case shall happen) or in any other Form of Words to the fame Eft’ed:

County of 7 < ;t remembered, That on the Day of

c XJ jn tpje Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, A.B. is convicted before me [cr, usj of

His Majesty's justices of the Peace for the County of by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here set

forth the 'Title of this Act, and specify the Offence, and Time and Place ‘ it. hen and where the fame was committed, as the fame may be.~\ Given ‘ under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and

Year aforesaid.’

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof be not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall be and reside, either by the Confeffmn of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witileffes, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant for those Purpoi’es); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deduded, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forieitu.es, and Fines, when paid and recovered (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case fufffeient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol or House ot Correction for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

5

LIT. Pro-

47° GEORGII III. Se/T. 2. Cap. 10.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Warwick, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant full: giving or causing to be given Eight Days Notice at least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance belore a Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Colls as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of entering into tuch Recognizance, shall hear and fit. ally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Colls to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes j and the said Justices at such Sessions may also, by their Order or Warrant, levy such Colts so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame; and for want of sufficient Distress commit such Person or Persons to the Gaol or House of Correction for the ft id County of Warwick, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Cost=.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for want ofform, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Coutts of R cord at Westminster; and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the DistrTs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a 1 respaflfer or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Dftefts, or \\ ant of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other P oceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a 1 relpasser or Trespassei s, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on Behalf of the Party distraining, before such Action brought,

LTV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until after Thirty Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved,' nor after Six Calendar Months Notice next after the Fast committed; and every

1S3

Persons ag-giicvet* in-*y yiu>al to the Quarter Sel-

iivns.

Proceedings not to be q iadifd for van: of Form,

Limitation of At turns.

184

For compel* ling bu-icii he 18 !o pay their Sublet iptions.

[Publick Act.]

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 10.

every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Warwick, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may [dead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act j and if it shall appear that the fain- was so done, or thrt such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice thereof had been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Smisfaction had been made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or it such Action shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards the making of the said Roads, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed, within such Time and Times and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall, by any Writing under their Hands, authorize to receive the same, and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the Day of the passing thereof, and shall be in force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seffi 2. . L:

Cap. 11.

An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Dumbarton, and building Bridges thereon.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Roads from the West End of the 'Bndgeof Dumbarton, leading into the County of Argyle, and the western Highlands and Wands of Scotland are very incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired, amended, enlarged, and made paffaBle, and the Bridges thereon, or which may be necessary over the River Liven, in the said County, to communicate therewith, cannot be built arid kept in good Repair, according to the ordinary Course and Method appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who is or shall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment of the Life-rent or Fee of the Dominium Utile of Lands lying in the Parishes through which the said Roads shall pass, and valued in the Tax Rolls of the County, to the extent of One Hundred Pounds Scots, per Annum; and the Eldest Son of such Person, being the Heir Apparent to such Property, in the Absence of his Father, the Member of Parliament for the County for the Time being, and the Provost of the Town of Dumbarton for the Time being; and every Justice of the Peace for the said County, residing in the Parishes through which the said Roads shall pass, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees, for the surveying, altering, making, maintaining, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said several Roads and Bridges leading from the welt End of the Bridge of Dumbarton along the River Clyde, Gareloch, and Lochlong, to a Place called New Tarbet, and from the said weft End of the said Bridge of Dumbarton along the River Leven, and a Part of Lochlomond, to the School House at ILoc. if Per.] 3 B Lufs,

Trustees.

190

Penalty on acting, if not qualified.

Quorum.

Times of

Meeting.

Determination at a general Meeting not to be altered.

Tower ta tre£l Turn-pikes,

and !:vy

Tells.

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 11.

Lufs, and the Roads communicating betwixt the said two Lines of Road, and for building and maintaining a Bridge or Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Wood across the River Leven, at or near Bulloch and Bonhill, and, making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Passages to the fame, and for- putting in Execution all the other Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted respecting the said Roads.

II. Provided always, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act as aTrustee, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so presuming to act shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein-after directed, and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

III. And be it enacted, That Three of the said Trustees shall be a Quorum, and that any Three or more of them, being duly assembled, shall be held to constitute a General Meeting.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet in Dumbarton, on the First Tuesday of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, or as soon after the said Day as conveniently maybe, and thereafter yearly upon the Bird Tuesday of June, for the Purpose of putting this Act into Execution; and may at-such Meetings, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to such Times and Places as the said Trustees, at such lad Meeting, diall think proper, without Prejudice to their Meeting sooner, if there shall be Occasion, upon Notice by any Three of their Number, or by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, advertised in one Glasgow Newspaper, or Dumbarton Newspaper, when there shall be one, Fourteen Days at lead before the Day of such Meeting, for the Purpose of putting this Act into Execution; and at all Meetings held under this Act, the Trustees shall defray their own Expences.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Determination of the said Trustees, at any annual General Meeting assembled, shall be annulled, varied, or altered, by any subsequent adjourned Meeting or Meetings called by Advertisement as aforesaid, unless such subsequent General Meeting shall be called by Advertisement as aforesaid, Fourteen Days previous to the Meeting, at the Desire and subscribed Requisition of not less than Three in Number of the said Trustees, and unless such Summons shall contain a Specification of such former Resolution of the Trustees therein proposed to be brought under Review, and unless a Majority of such Trustees at such Meeting so to be called shall agree to annul, vary, or alter, such Determination.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees at a general Meeting assembled diall and may erect or cause to be erected a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes on or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Lane or Road branching off from the one Line of Road to the other, and upon the said Bridges, and also such Number of Toll-Houses upon the Sides of the said Roads and Bridges, and may cause to be demanded at each and every of the said Gates or Turnpikes, a Sum not exceeding the Rates and Duties hereinafter specified, before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calash, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatl'oever shall

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. n.

shall he permitted to pass through the fame, videlicet; For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calaih, Chaise, or Hearse, or other such Carriage, drawn determined by Six or more Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Six Pence Sterling; for every Waggon, Wain, ('art, or other Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Six Pence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beadsof Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, t >xen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Pence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three Pence Sterling; for every Horse Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling; for every Drove of Horses or Fillies, unlhod, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or leder Number; for every Drove of Oxen and Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or leder Number; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Six Pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or leder Number.

VII. Provided always, That every Carriage drawn on Wheels which shall present a dat Surface of the Breadth of Five Inches or more in the Tread or Fellies, and the hind Wheels whereof also presenting a fiat Surface, shall roll in a different Track from the fore Wheels, and which Carriage shall not be drawn by more than Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, shall pass through all the Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, on Payment of One-Half of the Tolls or Duties levied at the said Gates or Turnpikes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons having Occasion to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected upon or across the Roads aforesaid, where the aforesaid Tolls or Duties are or shall he taken, may and shall on Demand, be furnished with a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll or Duty, which Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, shall enable the said Person or Persons to pals through any other Turnpike or Turnpikes within the Didance of Six Miles from the Turnpike where the said Person or Persons received such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets as aforesaid, (excepting always such Gates or Turnpikes as shall be erected on the fide Roads or Bridges^ aforesaid,) without being liable or compelled to pay th,e laid Tolls or Duties more than once for passing through the said Turnpike or Turnpikes, and returning the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night, with the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel-Carriage, or with the lame Horse, Afs or other Bead, or Cattle; but in case the lame Stage Coach or other Carriage travelling for Hire, or the fame Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such

Carriage,

191

Rates of Tolls.

Proviso as to Carriages with broad Wheels.

Pass Tickets.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. n.

Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Bead, or Cattle, shall pass the Turnpike or Turnpikes with a new Loading a Second or inoi^i Times, they shall in that Cafe be subjected to pay the Tolls for each Time they shall l'o pass, in the same Manner as they did the First Time.

dif )0i',ntr of And enacted, That if any Collector of the said Tolls or Duties,

pafi Tickets. ft>aH fell, or fraudulently dispose of any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, to any Person or Persons; or if any Person or Persons, having paid the Tolls or Duties by this Act imposed, and having received a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment thereof, shall give or dispose of the fame, to any other Person or Persons, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls and Duties, every such Collector, or other Person giving or disposing thereof, and the Persons receiving the fame, being convicted thereof by voluntary Confedion, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County or where the Offender shall be or reside, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

Preventing X. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons owning, renting, TuT m 0t or occuPy*nS any Lands or other Premises, shall, knowingly and willingly, permit and suffer any Person or Persons to pass over the fame, or through any Gate, Passage, or Way, with any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, for the Purpose of evading Payment of the said Tolls or Duties, such Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons driving such Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, Ilorfe, Afs, or other Cattle, being convicted thereof by voluntary Con-session, and by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said County, or where the Offender shall be or relide, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling

Exemptions.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken at any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages which shall be employed in carrying Stones, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing the Roads and Bridges by this Act intended to be made, repaired, or built, or any of the Causeways within or belonging to the fame, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, nor for carrying through any of the said Turnpikes from one Part of a Farm to another Part of the fame Farm, Dung, or other Manure, Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, Carts, Wains, or other Carriages, laden with Flay, Corn, or Straw, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, nor for Horses, Geldings, or Cattle of any kind, going to or returning from Watering Places of the fame Farm, or goingtoSmithies, for the purpose of being Ihoed, or returning therefrom, nor for any Horses or Carriages of any Description, carrying any Person or Persons attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within the Parish, or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon any other his parochial or ministerial Duty upon a Sunday, or ou any Day on which Divine Service

is

I 92

Pcil3ltv on

i93

47° GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. n.

is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of Religious Worship, belonging to, or situated within, the Parish where such Person resides, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be performed; nor for any Horses or Carriages of any Description, employed, or to be employed, in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-Master-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers who are upon their March, or on Duty; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any wounded or disabled Officers and Soldiers, nor for any Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry,or Volunteer Cavalry, androde by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with Vagrants feni with legal Passes; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, assembled as aforesaid, Additional shall and may, from and after the passing of this Act, levy, or cause to be

levied, demanded, or taken at the several Turnpike or Turnpikes, Gate Carriages, or Gates, to be erected on or acnofs the said Roads or Lanes branching off from the same, before any Waggon, Waiii, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by One or more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, pass through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Draught therein, shall amount to Twenty Hundred Weight and upwards, and not exceeding Thirty Hundredweight, the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not present a flat Surface to the Ground, and shall not measure Five Inches in Breadth at least, Double the Tolls and Duties which the said Trustees are empowered to levy as aforesaid; and before any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by One, or more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast of Draught pass through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Draught, therein, shall exceed Thirty Hundred Weight, the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not present a flat Surface to the Ground, and shall not measure Seven Inches in breadth at least. Treble the Tolls and Duties which the said Trustees are empowered to levy as aforesaid; and the Toll or Duty on such Carriages is hereby declared not to be a Penalty, but the just and fair Toll-Duty on such Carriages.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Persons travelling the said Road with Carriages to Carriages or Carts shall (when required by the said Trustees, or any Per- be weighed^ son to be appointed by them), allow the Fellies of the Wheels of their &c-Carriages or Carts to be ineafured, and shall weigh their Carriages or Carts

at Steelyards or other Engines for weighing to be erected by the said Trustees (which they are hereby empowered to erect on the said Road or Sides of the fame); and in case of Refusal, the said Trustees, or Persons to hP [Lee. isf Per.J 3 C appointed

47° GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 11.

Collector of the Tolls.

Penalty on refuting to pay Tolls.

appointed by them, are hereby required and empowered to levy for the said Carriages or Carts, Treble the Tolls and Duties which by this Act they are empowered as aforesaid to levy on Carts and other Carriages, before the said Carts or other Carriages shall pass through the Turnpike or '1 urn-pikes on the said Roads; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to demand and take the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or where the Offenders shall be or reside, upon Application of the said Trustees or Persons to be appointed by them to levy the said Tolls, and to fine the said Person or Persons refusing to pay the fame, in a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and to levy such Fine in Manner herein-after mentioned for the Use and Purposes of this Act.

Application

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be raised and col-mes ^ lested upon the said Roads shall, and the same are hereby declared to be

verted in the said Trustees, and the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and assigned to and for the several Uses and Purposes by this Act directed, and to no other Purpose whatsoever, (the reasonable Charges expended, or that shall be paid in or about, or by reason of parting this Act, being first deducted and paid); and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Persons as they at a General Meeting assembled shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, to demand and take the respective Tolls or Duties herein-before granted and made Tolls may be payable; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the i"j-fbyDir' fame or any Part thereof, the said Trustees are hereby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint so; that Purpose, to levy the said Tolls or Duties by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Carriages upon which such Tolls or Duties are by this Act imposed, or the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements of any such Horse or Cattle, or the Goods or Chattels of any such Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, and to detain such Horse or Horses, Cattle or Carriages so distrained, until the said Tolls or Duties, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be paid; but in case the same shall not be paid within the Space of Three Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons so distraining after the said Space of Three Days, to appraise and fell whatever shall be so distrained by public Roup, at the Turnpike or Toll-House where the Toll ought to have been paid, returning the Overplus (if any be) on Demand to the Proprietors, after deducting such Tolls or Duties, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, appraising, keeping, and felling the same.

Footpaths.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, to order Foot Paths to be made upon the Sides of the said Roads; and where such Foot Paths shall be so made, no Person or Persons fit all ride, or drive, or cauie any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, to travel along the said Foot Paths, otherwise such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. n. *95

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every

of the Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll-Houses, and Steelyards, or other l n- vested’in gines for weighing, which shall be erected and built upon or on the Skies of Trustees. the said Road by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from hine to Time to dispol'e.thereof as they shall think proper, or to bring Actions, or to prefer Bills of Indictment in their Names, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treahm.rs, for the time being, against any Person or Persons who shall maliciously break down, pull up, or otherwise destroy, injure, or damage any of the lai 1 Gates or Turnpikes, or any Poll, Rails, Chains, Bars, or other Works, or any of the loll-Houses or Bridges to be erected in pursuance of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Trustees at any Tolls may be of their General Meetings, may, and they are hereby authorized and era- reduced, powered, from Time to Time, to order and direct the Tolls or Duties

hereby granted and made payable, to be collected, received, and taken in such Parts and Portions, under the Restrictions herein-before mentioned; and all'o with the Consent of the Person or Persons who has or have lent Five-Sixth Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the fame, to lessen and reduce such Tolls or Duties from Time to Time as they shall think fit, and may also from Time to rime raise the said Tolls or Duties again, so as not to exceed the Tolls or Duties herein-before granted: but no such Reduction or Increase shall take place unless, and until public Notice be given by Advertisement of the Purpose of the Meeting in the Newspaper aforesaid, at lealt Fourteen Days beiote such Meetings shall take place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, to choose and appoint a fit Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, to the said Trustees, for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this Act; and also One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or such other Officers as they shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion; and appoint new ones, in case of Death, Resignation, or Removal; and all, or every Person or Persons, who are, or shall be, liable by this Act to pay the said Tolls or Duties, are hereby required to pay the same to the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, so from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, and after the Rates aforesaid; and the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid for receiving the said Tolls or Duties, and also the Surveyor or Surveyors, shall, on the First Wednesday in every Month, or at any other Time to be appointed by the said Trustees during the Continuance of this Act, give in a true, particular, exact and perfect Account, in Writing under their respective Hands, with their respective Vouchers, of all Monies which he or they, or any of them, have received, paid, and dilburied, by reason of their respective Offices, and verify the lame upon Oath if required; and in case any Overplus so received shall remain in their, or any of their Hands, they shall pay the same to the said Irultees, or to such Persons as they shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, to be disbursed and laid out in carrying into Execution the several Powers of this Act, and not otherwise; and the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, shall, and may, and they are hereby authorized

and

Appointment of Officers.

Officers to Account.

196

Penalty upon Officers not accounting.

Treast irer to give Secu-iity.

Trullees shall not accept Piaccsof Profit.

Tolls to b« kt.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. i1.

and empowered, out of the Money arising by the said Tolls or Duties vested in them, to make such Allowances to the several Officers so by them appointed, for, and in Consideration of their Care and Pains taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons who shall have been, or may beaffilting in making or repairing the said Roads as aforesaid, and the Bridges upon the fame, by advancing or laying out any Monies, or otherwise relating thereto, as the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, shallthinkfit; and in case the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Treasurer or Treasurers, or any other Person or Persons concerned in the Collection or Receipt of the aforesaid Tolls or Duties, or any of them, shall not make such Account and Payment to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall direct, then it shall be lawful to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, upon Application being made by any Two or more of the said Trustees, to enquire of and concerning such Default, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Wit-netfes, upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices, or any one or more of them, are, or is hereby appointed to administer), or by other legal Evidence; and if any Person or Persons shall be convicted of the Offences aforesaid, the said Justice or Justices shall, and he or they are hereby empowered to impose or levy a Sum of Money from, or upon such Person or Persons, not exceeding Double the Sum of Money unduly detained or misapplied; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse, or be unable to pay the said Penalty, then, and hi such Case, it shall, and may be lawful, for the said Justice or Justices to commit such Person and Persons to the common Goal of the County, there to remain until he or they shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, and have paid such Composition to the Treasurer for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their said Office or Offices, as to the said Trustees shall appear just and reasonable.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed a Trustee or Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, shall have, or accept of any Place of Profit, arising out of, or by reason of, any Tolls or Duties by this Act laid or granted, such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees from the Time of accepting, and during the Enjoyment, of such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall, and may be lawful, for the said Trustees, at a General Meeting affetnbled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by public Roup or Auction, to let the Tolls or Duties hereby granted and vested in them, in whole or in part, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by Ltafe or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rate they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall give good and sufficient Security for Payment of the Rents for which the Tolls shall be let, as shall be approved of by the said Trustees in General Meeting assembled.

47° GEORGII III. Seir.2. Cup. n.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall, and may be lawful, for the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, and they are Hereby authorized and empowered to borrow, upon the Credit of the lolls and Duties to be levied and colleaed by virtue of this Act, at legal or leis inteiell, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding upon the whole, at any one lime, the Sum of Eight Thousand Pounds Sterling.

XXIII. And be it enaaed. That it shall be in the Power of the said 1'ruf-tees, at their First, or any other General Meeting, to divide the said Roads into such Distrias as they shall judge proper, which being once lo fixed, shall not afterwards be changed or altered; and to divide and apportion the Monies authorized to be borrowed on the Credit of the said lolls, into such Sums as they shall judge proper, for making, altering and repairing the said respective Distrias of Roads, and building and repairing the said Bridges, and the Turnpikes and Toll-Houses, and others to be ereaed on the fame; and to assign and make over such Part of the Tollsor Duties so to be collected and levied in Manner aforesaid, on the said respective Distrias of Roads, and on the said Bridges, as they shall think proper, by Way of Security to such Person or l’ersons who shall lend, or who shall become Sureties for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Assignments shall be entered by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, which shall at all seasonable 'limes be open to the Perusal of any Person or Persons having Interest, without Fee or Reward.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the Sums aforesaid shall in whole, or in part, be applied and accounted for to the respective Trustees, and by their Order paid to the Person or Persons advancing, or bound for the fame, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorised to borrow any other Sum or Sums of Money, but the said Sum or Sums so borrowed shall not at any Time exceed in the whole the Sums allowed to be borrowed by the Trustees, as aforesaid, on the Credit of the Tolls authorised to be levied by this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall anil may be lawful for the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, to make, or cause to be made, causeways, and to cut and make Drains through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads, and to make and erect Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Wood, across the Roads at the River Leven, at Ballocb and Bonhill and also to widen and extend the Breadth of the said Roads to the legal Standard Establilliment in Scotland, and where it shall appear necessary to alter the Situation of the said Roads, or to widen them to a Breadth beyond the present Standard, then and in that Cafe, the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorised and empowered by a Writing under their Hands, to order and direct the Course of the said Roads to be altered, or the said Road to be extended to such Breadth as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty Feet, exclusive of Ditches, and to make, or order to be made such Ditches and Trenches as shall be necessary for draining and amending the aforesaid Roads, or any of them; and for theie Purposes, to pull down and remove any House or Building, the Side 'Walls of which shall not exceed Twelve Feet in Height, and to remove all other Obstructions, and to enter into and upon, and make use of all

\_Loc. & Per.^ 5 D Lands,.

197

P iwcr to

borrow Money.

Roads may he divi Jed into Dil-tricis.

Loans being paid, farther Sums may be borrowed.

Powers for making the Roads.

198

Incapacitated Persona empowered to fell.

Satisfaction to be made.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. nr

Lands, Grounds, and other Heritages, not being a Garden, Orchard, planted Walk, Lawn, or Avenue to any House.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, married Women, Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators for Infants, Minors, Idiots, Furious, or other Persons, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, who are, or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Heritages, or any Part thereof, to sell the same for the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances that shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof, notwithstanding; and that all the Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors, or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors or Incumbrancers, and all other Persons, are and shall be indenmilied for svhat they shall do by virtue, or in pursuance of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Truflegs shall have taken, or resolved to take into their Possession any Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Heritages, for the Purpose of the said Roads, or for the Purpose ofereftingToIl-houses, Steel-yards, or weighing Machines thereon, or have resolved to build a Bridge or Bridges across the River Leven or otherwise, by which the Owners of Lands or Ferries, or other Persons interested therein, may suffer Damage, the said Trustees shall be obliged to satisfy and pay the Proprietors, or Owners, and Occupiers, and other Persons interested in such Lands, Tenements, Houses or Heritages and Ferries, the Value thereof, and of the Damages done, as can be agreed upon between the said Trustees and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers and other Per-fens interested therein, and in the event that they cannot agree, then the said Trustees shall be obliged to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be awarded by a Jury of Fifteen Persons summoned and chol'en by the Sheriff Depute of the County of Dumbarton, in such Manner as Juries are summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, whole Determina tion is hereby declared to be final, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction, and the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, upon the Petition of either Party, setting forth the Circumstances of the Cafe, is hereby required within a reasonable Time thereafter, to summon and choose such Jury, and in the event that such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner and Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in Case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum l'o required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall bepaidby the said Trustees; and on the other Hand, if the said jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum,the whole of the said Expence shall bepaid by the said Owner or Owners, OccupierorOccupiers: Provided always that in all Cales, when any Person or Persons shall, byReafon of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Colls and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees.

No Money to

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Part of the Tolls which fttall-outP Order of ar',e anc^ be 'ev*ecU by virtue of this Act, or of the Monies which shall be the Tnifteet. borrowed.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Q1pi.11. 199

harrowed upon the Credit of such Tolls or Duties shall be applied, laid out, or appropriated without the Order of the said Trustees, or of such Persons as they shall authorise and appoint:

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall keep, or Account* to cause to be kept, an exact Account of the Monies received by Virtue of this bc

Act, and the Application thereof, and all their Proceedings, and shall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, which the Heritors-on the Course of the said Roads and Bridges shall at all reasonable Times be at Liberty to inspect, without Fee or Reward.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty for assaultany Collector of the said Tolls or Duties, or by Force pass through Afuuks. any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, without paying the Tolls or Duties which such Person or Persons ought to pay, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, over and above any Damages or other Recorn-pence such Collector shall and may be entitled to by Law, in respect of such Assault.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Pcuzlty for maliciously break down, or attempt to break down, pluck up, damage, destroying or otherwise dellroy, any Turnpike Gates, Polls, Chains, Bars, or other Works whatever, or the Houses erected for the Use of such Turnpikes, or Steelyards, or weighing Engines to be erected on the Sides of the said Roads, or shall ftnke or maltreat any of the Toll-Gatherers, or any Person or Persons of their Family employed in levying the said Tolls or Duties, or shall refeue or attempt to refeue any Person in Custody for any of the said Offences, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trustees, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, or of the County where the Offender shall be or reside, such Person or Persons so offending shall not only pay the whole Damages and Expences sustained by the said Trustees, or their Toll-Gatherers aforesaid, but it shall be lawful for any Two or more of such Justices of the Peace, to adjudge such Person or Persons to be imprisoned in the County Goal for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or to pay a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXXII. And be it further eiiafted, That in case any Houses or other Houses not Buildings shall, after the passing of this Act, be built near the Sides of the to be erected said Road, or in any Village or Town through which the same shall or may ’-ohm acei pass, no such House or Building shall be erected within Twenty Feet oT'tb/ llo"d from the Middle of the said Road or Highways, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling for every Offence, over and above the Expence of pulling down such House or Edifice, excepting always such Building-Feus ok Leases as shall be already granted; and it shall be lawful for Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, to flop the building or erecting of every such House or Building, as shall be within the-Diltance of Twenty Feet from the Centre of the said Roads or Highways, by an Order in Writing under their Hands, till such Time as sufficient Se- curity

200

Roads to be measured.

Trees on the

Tides of the Roads to be lopped.

Drains to be covered, &c.

47° GEORGII III. Seif. 2. Cap. 11.

curity shall be found before the Justices of the Peace that such Building shall be erected beyond the Difhtnce aforesaid; and if such Security shall not be found at or before the next General Quarter Sessions, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Justices, to order the same to be pulled down and removed at the Expence of the Person or Persons erecting the House or occupying the Ground, and to grant Warrant for levying the fame by Distress and Sale, as herein-after directed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any of their Meetings assembled, may cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones to be erected, and all'o Gnide or Direction Potts to be placed; and in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, destroy, damage, pull up, or remove any such Mile Stones, or Guide or Directi >n Pods, or obliterate or deface any Letters or Figures that shall be made, inscribed, or put thereon by Order of the said Trustees, or shall break down any Part of the Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls on any of the Bridges or Sides of the said Roads, and shall be thereof convicted on the Oath ol One or more credible Witness or WitndTes before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or of the County where the Offender shall be or reside, every such Person so offending shall, besides making good the Damages, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding 'Pen Shillings Sterling for each Stone or Pott so wilfully destroyed, damaged, or pulled up, removed, obliterated, and defaced, or for every Cape Stone so broken down from the said Ledges or Parapet Walls; and all such Forfeitures shall be applied, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said Trustees for the Use of the said Roads and Bridges) and in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted as aforesaid, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon such Damages and Forfeiture may be levied, then it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of the said Justices of the Peace, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless the said Damages, Penalty, and Charges attending the Recover)- shall be sooner paid and Jatisfied.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That w'herethe Ground on the Sides of the aforesaid Roads is or shall be planted with Trees, or is or shall be inclosed by Hedges, the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Ground on each Side of the said Roads shall, at a proper Season of the Year, lop and prune the Trees, and cut and dress the Hedges in such Manner, that no Part of the said Trees shall overhang any part of the said Roads, nor the Hedges be allowed to grow higher than Four Feet from the Surface of the Ground at the bottom of the Hedge; and in rafe he, she, or they neglect so to do, after being required by an Order from any Two or more of the said Trustees, the said Trustees, or their Surveyor, shall cause the same to be done, and levy the Expence thereof from the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Grc - nd.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That when any Passage for Cattle or Carriages across the Sides of the aforesaid Roads shall be-made for the Conve-tiiency of the Occupier of the Grounds through which the said Road palfes, he or they shall cover the Drains crofting the Sides of such Roads

with

201

47° GEORGII m. Sess. 2. Cap. 11.

with sufficient Stones, in such Manner as the Course of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted, or the Roads thereby prejudiced: Provided always, that no Occupier of Lands shall turn any Water upon the Sides of the said Roads, nor conduct any Water across the said Roads for meliorating of his Fields, or other Purposes, until he shall have applied for and obtained the Consent of Three or more of the said Trustees; and every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road in a covered Drain, of such Depth and Conflruflion as that the Water may not prejudice the Road; and every Person offending in any of the above Particulars, and being convicted thereof as aforesaid, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, or where the Offender shall be or reside, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where Fences shall be made on Ditches not the Sides of the High Roads, the Hedge shall be on the Side next the Road, to be mi)de and the Ditch next the Field; and proper Conduits shall be made in different Places for carrying the Water from the Road under the said Fence or Bank into the Ditch.

XXXVlf. And be it enacted, That the Gates to all Inclosures, Avenues, or Gates not to-Roads on the Sides of the said Roads, shall open to the Field where the °Pen to the Nature of the Ground will admit, and not on the Road; and all Proprietors or Pofftffors of Lands shall be obliged to alter their Gates which at present open on the said Roads, so as to make them to open to the Field whenever required by the said Trustees.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or their ContraCh Repo(!to*i« ors or Overseers, shall be, and they are hereby empowered, to provide ^or Materials, proper Places on the Sides of the said Road as Repositories for Stones,

Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges, Damages being always paid for the Ground occupied by such Repositories.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, T.> prevent no Person or Persons whatsoever shall erect, or make, or cause to be ‘'illllance*. erected, or made, any Lime Kiln or Brick Kiln, or any Nuisance by Fire, within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any Part of the said Roads, unless the same shall be Fenced off in such Manner as to prevent any Danger cr Detriment to Persons travelling on the fame, or to make Pits or Holes, or lay down Lime, Dung, Materials for repairing the Roads in Heaps, Composts, Rubbish, Dead Cattle, (except in case of Accident), or other Matter whatever for manuring of Land within Five Yards of the Side of the said Roads, unless the fame be sufficiently fenced off from the Road; neither shall any Person or Persons turn their Plough on the said Roads, or lay down Trees or other Matter, or leave Carts, Waggons, or Wains, loaded or unloaded, (landing upon the said Roads or Bridges, or draw an.y Tree or Piece ol Timber, or other Material whatsoever, other-wile than in a Wheel Carriage or Cart, or do any Thing whatsoever whereby the said Roads or Bridges shall be unnecessarily encumbered or damaged, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, besides being obliged immediately to remove all such Lime, Dung, Materials for repairing the Roads in Heaps, and other Matters whatever, laid upon

[.Lee. Per.'] 3 £ the

co2 47° GEORGII III. Sc-ff. 2. Cap. 11.

thejajd Roads and Bridges, and obliged to fillup the said Pits and Holes, and which Penalties shall be levied by Warrant of any of the Justices of the Peace of the Paid County, by Poinding and Sale as aforesaid, and upon Application of any One of the said Trustees, or their Overseers; and one Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures as aforesaid shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Trustees to be laid out on the said Roads and Bridges; and further that no Timber, Trees, Planks, or Deals carried on the said Roads, shall project or extend over the Sides of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or occupy more of the said Roads in Breadth, than is occupied by the said Cart or other Carriage, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

Ilorfe; not to

XL. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and o»the Roads a^ter Pa®nR of this Act, pasture, or leave or allow to be c'epaftured or left on the aforesaid Road, any Ilorfes, Sheep, Cows, or other Cattle, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, upon Application made to him or them by any Heritor in the said County, or by any Person or Persons having Authority from the said Trustees, to issue his or their Warrant for apprehending the Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and to bring them before him or them for Examination; and upon such Offender or Offenders being convicted of such Offence, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or the Oath or Confession of the Party offending, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, to fine and amerciate such Offender or Offenders severally, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each and every Offence.

Power to

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the nls^or repair- Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall ap-t°herCpan point for that Purpose, to open Stone Quarries, and to dig, gather, and Hoads. carry away any Stones or Gravel, Sand, Furze, Heath, or other Materials (Timber excepted), out of any Grounds, whether inclosed or not (not being the Ground whereon any Houses stand, nor a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, Lawn, or Avenue, to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart or used as a Nursery for Trees previous to the passing of this Act), where the said Materials can be moil conveniently found within any of the Parishes aforesaid, for the use of the Roads and Bridges aforesaid (the Gravel upon the Sea-Shore, and on the Side of Lochlomond, and on the Banks and Beds of Rivers always excepted, without the Consent of the Proprietors), making K ecompence in Manner aforesaid for the Damages thereby occasioned: Provided always, That any Difference or Dispute relative to the said Damages, shall not in any way stop, delay, or prevent the gathering, digging, and carrying off the said Materials.

N it« being

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not

lira given. lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take and carry away any Materials for making or repairing the said Roads and Bridges, to or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be t-aknn or left for such Occupier at his usual place of Residence, to appear before i’vvo or more Justices of the Peace of the County, to shew Caul'e why such Materials

20 3

47° GEORGII m. SeflT. 2. Cup. n.

rials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case fucTi Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorise such Surveyor, or other Peri'on, to dig, gather, take and carry away such Materials, at such I itne or Times, as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall negteft or refuse so appear by himself or his Agent, the said Justices, shall and may make Inch Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That when any Damage shall be done by the said Trustees, or others having Power from them, in digging, gathering, or taking away Materials or otherwise, in repairing the said Roads or Bridges, or in making the same, to any Personor Persons whatsoever, the said Iruf-tees shall be obliged to pay all such Damages as shall be ascertained (if the Parties cannot agree) by any Two Justices of the Peace of the County of Dumbarton, with Power to the said Proprietor or Occupier to appeal from the Decision of the said Justices to the next Quarter 6 (lions in the said County, whose Decision shall be final, without being (ubjefl to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction; and any Dispute with regard to the said Damages shall not prevent the said I'rustees, or those employed by them, from using ann carrying away the said Materials, and applying them to making and repairing the said Roads.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That whatever Money shall be paid by Agreement, or by Award as aforesaid, for Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, so taken or used by the said Trustees, which were held under Entail, or subjetl to Liferent Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or belonging to any Corporation, Married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, or other Person under legal Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in case the fame amount to Two Hundred Pounds or upwards, shall be under the Authority and Direction of the Court of Session, and shall, without delay, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or such other Bank as the Court shall direct, upon the highest Interest that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation, and by the Authority of the said Court, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or affecting other Lands, Houses, or Subjects belonging to the fame Persons, and settled to the fame or like TJfes, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when such Money cannot he applied to these or like Purposes, then the fame (halt be laid out in the Purchase, or on the Security of other Lands, Houses, and Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof shall be devised to the same Person or Persons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Series of Heirs, for the same Uses and Purposes, and under the fame Provisions, Conditions, and Limitations, as the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects, taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, were devised and settled, or such of them as shall be then existing, and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean Time, until such Purchase or Security can be effected, the Interest of such Money shall be paid, by Authority of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who, for the Time being,. Would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses' or other Subjects so taken and used by the said Trustees.

4.

Damage fc

digging for Materials.

Money payable to Persons under Entail or Disability, how to be difpi fed of.-

If 200I. and upwards.

XLV. Andi

204

I fiefs than Two Hundred Pounds, and above Twenty Pounds.

If less than Twenty Pounds.

In case of not making out Titles, &c.

Purchase Money to be paid into the

Bank.

Subject to the Order of the Court of &cflion.

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. n.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if such Money be iel’s than Two Hundred Pounds, but shall exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then, at the Option of the Persons or Person who, for the Time being, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Subjects conveyed to or taken by the Trustees, for the Purposes of this Act, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, in Gales of Minority, Lunacy, or Trust, to be paid into One or other of the said Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more Trustees under this Act, in order that such Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner before directed, so far as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall make it practicable.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That where such Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the same shall be applied to the Life of the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects so taken and conveyed for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Trustees, or any Two or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Trust, to his or their Trustees, or in case of Minority or Lunacy, to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Pretnifes, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall fieem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Pretnifes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for

what

20 5

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. n.

what, and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLVIIi. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall a rife Where any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said a^fe Banks, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses, or touching the other Subjects, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Houses, Right to or other Subjects, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Per- llK ,‘ ' 0IH' fons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by rea- The Court on of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, may oui°r entitled to any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased under g*1 "nc-^of the Authority of this Act, the Purchase-Money for the same shall be pUrciiafe« required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase to be paid of other Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be settled to the like Uses, I3)' irukee* in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem realoriable, together with the necessary C.ofts and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes, as the said Court shall direct.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Recoverpnd Act imposed, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods Application and Chattels (if not directed by this Act to be otherwise levied), by War- of ienatie* rant under the Hands of any One or more justise or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or of the County where the Offender shall be or reside; and the Person or Persons distraining such Goods and Chattels, are hereby authorised and empowered, after the Space of Three Days after such Di-' ftrfts shall be made and taken; to fell the Goods so distrained by public Roup or Auction, at the nearest Turnpike or Toll-House to the Place where such Distress shall be made or taken, and return tile overplus Money (if any be), upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, with the reasonable Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the same shall be deducted and paid, and the said Forfeitures, when recovered, it not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be applied One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety towards carrying this Act into Execution, as the said Trustees shall direct; and all Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act, shall be.

[Loc;& Per.] 3 F payable

2c6

Ufctefe Ro ds may be ihut up.

Appeal to the Quarter-

StfRous.

Limitation of Actions.

47° GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. n.

payable over and above all necessary Expences incurred in prosecuting for the same.

LI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the Justices of the Peace of the Laid County, or any Two or more of them, to cause any Roads connected with the Roads included and directed by this Act to be made, widened, and repaired, and which are useless to the Public, to be {hut up: Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons having Interest shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Act or Order of the said Justices, for {hutting up any Road, it Aral I be competent to him, her, or them, upon good Cause shewn, to reduce the fame any Time within Three Years after the said Road shall have been {hut up by a cotnpe-tent Process before the Court of Session:

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath been already directed and appointed, it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the first Quartet Sessions for the County , and in case the Cause of Complaint arise within Fifteen Days before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal shall be made to the said Justices at the second Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved, and if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate at their Discretion, all or any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures imposed or incurred by the said Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion may teem proper; and to levy by their Order or Warrant, such Costs so awarded by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons, who shall refuse to obey the fame; a.id for Want of sufficientDiftrefs to commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Costs shall be made; but the Person or Persons so appealing shall, and they are hereby directed to give Notice in Writing to the Defendant of such their Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Fifteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall within Five Days after such Notice lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Justices, a Bond signed by him, her or them, to prosecute such Appeal; and in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, the Appellant shall pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall, at the said Quarter Sessions be heard and finally determined, without being subject to Advocation, Suf-pension or Reduction.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all raid every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrong done, or Injury fullered in any Manner relative thereto, or in Consequence of any of the Powers given or granted by this Act, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred or Wrong done, or Injury fuflfered, and not afterwards.

4

47° GEORGII III. Sefl". 2. Cap.u. 207

LIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be no Objection to any Person Justices may acting as a Justice of the Peace, in any Matter or Thing relative to this Act, t(^oussh that he is hereby appointed a Trufiee, except where he is personally inter- IC‘-efted, in which Cafe he shall not fit nor aft as a Justice of the Peace, but in every other Cafe he shall have the fame Power to act as a Justice of the Peace, as fully as if there were no such Appointment.

LV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LVI. And be it enacted, That this Act, and the Powers and Authorities, Continuance Articles, Clauses, Rules Forfeitures and Penalties therein contained, shall oftllis Act. commence from and after the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. r807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII TIL REGIS.

Seff! 2.

Cap. 12.

An Act for the more eftedlually repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An Act for widening and repair- 31 G.2.C. 67. ing fevered Reads leading from the Wclfti Gate and Cotton Hill in the Town of Shrewfbuiy, in the County of Salop: And whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for repairing and wideningfever al Roads in the Counties of Montgo- 9 3,

meiy, Merioneth, and Salop: And whereas an Act was palfed in the Thirteenth Year of His laid present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 13G.2.C toy. for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Aids made in the 7birty-fvjl Tear of tlis late Majesty and Ninth Year of His pufer.t Majesty,s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, whereby the Term and Powets of the said Act of the Thirty-full Year of his laid late Majesty, so far as the fame related to a Branch of the said Roads lying between the Distance of Ten Miles from the Town of Shrewf-lury afi r. said and the Town of Ofwcfiry in the said County of Salop, were continued, but the Term granted or continued by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His said prefen: Majesty, as to the said Branch of Road lying between Shrewsbury and Oswestry aforesaid, is expired: And" whereas great Progrefc hath been made in the Repair of the said Branch of Road lying between Shrewsbury and Ofuejlry aforesaid, and considerabk Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due and owing, upon the Cree:it of the Tolls arising the refom, but the Money so borrowed cana not be repaid, and the said Roads amended and k-pt in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be revived and enlarged, and lemt further [Lot. V Per.} G Powers

210

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 12.

Powers and Authoriii s g ven for thos-Purp'ff-s: And whereas the Road leading ut of the Turnpike Road from thr Cr fs, in the said Town of Ofwftry, ihrnugti the Uillow Street there, over Pont Van io Pont C)fyl'.te, through the Viliage of Sylattyn, in rhesaid County of Salop. 10 t?it 1 own ot Corwen, in the said County of Merioneth, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow an i incomm ;di >us in many Pla es ror Wheel Carnage-., and cannot be effectually amended and k-pt »n Repair by the ordinary Course nf Law-, and the said last-mentioned R >ad wiil he a convenient and ciefirable Exccnfi n of the said R >ud, lying between Shrewfbiv-y and Oswestry atore-said, and will cunfidcrabiy fho'ten the present Didante beeween the said Towns and Holyhead: And whereas the several Powcis and Provisions for amenaing and keeping in Repair ihesaid respective Roads might be better and more effectually executed if the fame were compiled in One Act of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be en-aflrd. and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Troftee*. the fame, That the Honourable Frederick West, the Honourable Thomas Kenyon, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, and Sir Robert Williams Vaughan, Bnonets, Robert Myddleion Bidduipb of Chirk Castle, Esquire, Richard Bii kei ton of Oswestry, Richard Bill of the fame, William Belas of the fame, John Bonner of Brynndgwalie, Peter Bentley of Moreton, Robert Cartwright of Oswestry, Richard Crcxon, John Croxon, and Edward Croxon, all of the fame, Thomas Davies of Uwchdre, Ar.bur Davies of The Hayes, Thomas Davies of Oswestry, Hugh Davies of MaefygammcdJ, William Davies of Ch>rk, John Dickie of Newball, Downes of West on Cottn, Edward

Edmunds of Oswestry, Edward Edwards of the fame, Edwa<d Edwards if Cae Pant, Wil iam Edwards of Brook,fide, Morris Edwards of lihofynwjl, Edward Gataree of S ivanbill, John Gibbons of Oswestry, Richard Griffiths of the lame, Thomas Hilditch of the lame, Thomas HowJl of the lame, Hugh Hughes ot Wettiar, Thomas Hunt of the fame, Richard Jebb of Chirk, David Jamefcn of Ojwejlry, Richard Jones of Billan Place, Thomas Jones of Milebcufe, John Jones of Oswestry, Lewis Jones of the fame, Thomas Longueville Jones of the fame, Walter Jones of C-.fn Rdg, Robert Jones of Dolgynlas, Thomas Jones of Sand ford, William Jones or Ofveftry, Edward Jones of the lame, Evan Jones of the lame, Richard Jones of Foxhall, Lewis Jones of Nantyr, Edward Jones of Hafodgynfcr, Edward Jones of Hwynmawr, William Ijfard, Richard Lovett of Belmont, William Leigh of Oswestry, William Lloyd ot Aston, Charles Arthur Albany Lloyd and George Newton Kynaston Lloyd of the fame, William Lacon of Oswestry, Richard Hughes Lloyd of Gwerclas, Bell Lloyd of Tyddynyllan, Edward Lloyd of Maefmor, John Menlove of Fernhill, Richard Menlove of Hijland, William Alexander Madocks, George Mortal of Oswestry, Thomas Morris of the fame, jobn Muvjlow of bltnlle, William Owen of Wcodhouse, Edward Henry Owen of the fame, Owen Owens of Ilawr-y-Cilan, Owen Owens of Llwydiarth, Edward Owens off the fame, Edward Owen of Ebnall, Low ten Parry, John Kynaston Powell. Thomas Netherten Parker, John Prober: of Ciptho< n, Richard Philfips nf Ty-nyrbos, William Penfon of Ofwftry, E ward Peplee of Frees Henlle, Thomas R ebardson of Ercn, Robert Roberts of Oswestry, John Roberts of Ruthin, Edward Rowland of Gardden Ledge, William Jones of Plat Gardden, David Parry of Gardden, John Roberts of Oswestry, Peter Roberts of the fame. Rice Robirts of the fame, Edward Witliums Vaughan Sa.’fsbury, Thomas Salter of Oswestry, John Sheppard ot Of vestry, v-sd .,1} Thomas

2If

47° GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 12.

Munirs Skye of Plasy-n-y Pentre, Griffith ap Howe! Vaughan. Timas Voffer of Oswestry. William UJher nf Little Fern hill, Charles Walk n Wi.tarns Wynn, Henry Wat kin Williams Wyrn, Henry Warren nf Oswestry, Eduard Williams of the lame, Edward Williams of Porkington, John Wynn of Nant, John Wynn of Lloran, Walter Williams of Ofue/iry, and Whitehall Whitehall Daisies, John William Bourke, James Donne, Joje b Dixon. Daniel Griffiths. John Hughes of Bettws, Owen Owen ot O vo flry, William Wynne%

Owen William Roberts of Henfach, Edward Roberts of Lla-[aims'raid,

George Rcbfon, Samuel Steele, Joseph Venables of Oswestry, and John Whit-ridge Clerks, and the Mayor, High Steward, Recorder, Coroner, Alder* men, and Common Countilmcn lor the Time being of the said Town of Oswestry, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for amending and keeping in Repair that Branch of the said Road leading from Shrewsbury to Ojwfftry aforesairl, which lies between the Distance of Ten M'les from the former Place and the said Road leading out of the present Turnpike Road from the Cross in the said Town of Oswestry, through the Willow Street there, over Pont Vane to Pont Cyfyllte, through the Village of Sylat-tyn aforesaid, to the said Town of Corwen, and fer putting this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Trustee hereby appointed, Power to or to be rlefttd in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die or cease to cho»fe new reside in the County or Place wherein the Roads hereby directed to be Tnifteet. repaired do lie, or by Writing under his Hand shall refuse to act in the Execution of rhis Act, it shall be lawful for the luiviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to choose and appoint a proper Person to be a Trufhe in his S ead, provided that Ten

Days Notice of the Meeting for every such Elrftion be given in some public Newspaper, or upon some of the Toil Gates which shall be from Time to Time (landing tin the said Roads; and every PeTon who shall be so chosen and appointed shall be joined with the surviving or remaining Trustees, and is hereby empowered to act in ihe Execution of this Act, to all Inrents and Purposes, as if he had been originally made and appointed a Tiuftee in and by this Act. y^A

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be qualified or capable of acting as a Trustee in any Cale, in the Execu- of Trustees. tion of this Act, unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own

Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Pufleflion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of a Personal Efface to the Amount or Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be H>-ir Appirent of a Person pcffeffed of an Efface, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless pre- Penalty on fume to act as aTrulfee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person Person* aft-shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and paytheSum of Twenty Pounds, ing not being to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be reco- ftua^et*-vered in any of His Majestyh Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action ot Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eff iiun, Protection, or Wager of Law, or moic than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person lo prosecutrd shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or othtrw.fe shall pay the said Penalty, without any

further

212

Trustees may act as Justices, except where interested.

Proceedings since the former Acts to be valid, and indemnifying the Trustees for having acted.

First Meeting.

47° GEORGII III. Sefi*. 2. Cap. 12.

further or other Proof, on Behalf of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that such of the said Trustees as are or shall he in the Commission of the Peace for the County wherein any of the Roads by this Act directed to be repaired do lie, may nevertheless aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, but no such Justicr or any Trustees shall be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, in any Case where he or they, or ei'her of them, shall be personally interested, or during the Time of holding any Place of Trust or Profit under this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Acts, Matters, and Things which, since the Expiration of the Term of the said recited Acts, have been done by the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads, or any of them, or by any Collector of the Tolls, or other Officer or Person acting under them, touching or in any wise relating to the amending, widening, or repairing the said Roads, or in the Exercise or supposed Ex-crcife of any of the Powtrs or Provisions contained in the said Acts, lo far as relates to the said Roads, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all I itrnts and Purposes, as if the Term of the said recited Acts had not expired; and that the said Tuiftees, and also the several Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers and Per suns employed by them, are hereby indemnified for having acted in the Collection or Receipt of the said Tolls, or O'.herwife relating to the said Roads, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would have been if the said Acts had remained in full Force and Effect.

V. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Trustees for executing the Purposes of this Ac% shall be holden at the Bowling Green or Cross Keys Inn in OfweJIry, on the Fourth Thursday in the Month cf Angtift next, and the Trustees so assembled, or any Five or more of them, shall and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards subdivide and adjourn themselves, and the other Trustees not then present, to, and meet at such Place or Places in or near the several R rads hereby directed to be repaired, as they shall think most convenient and necessary for carry, ingthis Act into Execution, and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the Execution of this Acr, shall be done at Meetings ro be held in pursuance of this Act, and not oherwife, and shall be signed by the Trustees making the same; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Charges and Expences; and if at any Meeting appointed to be helJ for putting this Act in Execution, the Trustees present shall omit or neglect to adjourn, or there shall not be a suffi.ient Number to adjourn (for which Purpose of Adjournment Two Trustees shall always be fufmieni) then and in every such Case every such Meeting shall be and is hereby adjourned for One Calendar Month, and so from Time to Time till a sufficienc Number of the said Trustees do or (ludl meet and adjourn, and that upon every such Omission or Neglect to adjourn, Notice thereof shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame upon some of the Gates or Turnpikes, which shall be then erected upon the Roads in respect whereof any such Meeting dull have been directed to be held, at lead Seven Days before the Expiration of the before-mentioned One Calendar Month, and the like previous Notice also g ven and

published

213

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 12.

puhliffied in feme Newspaper usually circulated in the Vicinity of the said Reads.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the {hid Trustees, or any Trailed may Five or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, at any of appoint Of--their M etings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Treasurer f'cers.

or Treasurers, and Clerk or Clerks, and all such Collectors of the Tolls,

Surveyors, and other Officers and Persons as they {hill think necessary, and may from Time to Time remove any such Officers or Persons as they shall see Occasion , and in case of such Removal, or of the Death or Re-liitnaiion of any such Officers or Persons, to appoint new ones in their Strad; P o.ided neverthe.less, that when any Collector of the Tolls, to be Temporary appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing his Duty, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or; nv Five or more of them (although not assembled at any Meeting) by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Collector of the Tolls in his S:e d, and the Person so appointed shall have the fame Authority fur col-te ing and recovering the Tolls hereby granted, as the Person he shall foceeed was invested with, until the said I'rustees, or any Five or more <.f < ‘le n, ball, at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, appoint a Col- t the Tolls-, any Thing hertin-before contained to the contrary not-v»i‘ iiflanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers as shall be ap- offi-er-t!> pointed as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, and all other Persons who have account. J received or shaft receive any Money by virtue of the said former Act or Acts, on account or in respect of the Roads by them or either of them directed to be repaired, shall as often as required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, render and give to them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, with proper Vouchers, of all the Monies which they shall respective'.y to such Time have received, paid, and dlbursed, determined by virtue of the said former Acts or of this Act, or by teafonof their re-l'peftive Offices, and shall verify such Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to admioi-fter; and in case any Money so received shall remain in his or their Hands, the lame shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall, by Writing under their Hands, authorize and empower to receive the same, and shall bedifburled and laid out in the Execution of this Act and not otherwise; and in case any such Officer shall not give in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall, for the Space of Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, refuse or negVft to render and give up to them or to such Person as they shall direct, all Books, Papers, and Writings, Matters, and Things in their Hands, Custody, or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, that then any Five Trustees, or one Justice of the Peace for the County where the Officer so making Default shall live or reside, shall and may make Enquiry of and concernin'1, such Default in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Patty, a° by the Testimony of One credible Witness upon Oath, which the said Five Trustees or Justice are and is hereby empowered and required to admini-fter, and if any such Officer shall be convicted of either of the Offences . \Lcc. & Per.'] 3 H aforesaid.

214 47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 12.

aforesaid, such Five Trustees or Justice shall and arc or is hereby required, by Warrant or Warrants, under their or his Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, together with the Costs and Charges of such Conviction, Distress, and Sale, or the said Five Trustees or Justice of the Peace shall or may on such Conviction commit the Party to the Common Gaol of such County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded or agreed with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Composition Money (which said Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and receive) and shall also have rendered and given up all such Books, Papers, Writings, Matters, and Things as aforesaid; provided always, that no Person who shall be committed as aforesaid shall remain in Prison for a longer Space than Six Calendar Months; and that it like wife shall and may be lawful to and for the Did Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to bring or cause any Action or Actions to be brought in the Names of such Trustees or any Five or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or nepleding as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Money whion shall be in the Hands of suffi Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, and for the Recovery of alj such Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, and the said Trufb-es, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, make such Allowance to their Clerks and other Officers, for and in respect of their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons as ffiill have been employed in the Execution of Old Officer* t^lis A&* ,1S 10 t*lem seem reasonable: Provided also, that the preienc to continue Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers appointed by virtue of the said till new ones former Acts, shall and are hereby authorised to act in the Execution of this reappointed. Ait until they shall be removed or others appointed in their Stead; and that all Agreements, Contracts, and Orders made by virtue of the said former Acts, shall stand and be as valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if made by virtue of this present Act, and that the like Tolls shall be paid as are payable at present, until altered or reversed by the Trustees hereby appointed.

Trustees may

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five continue Toll or mure of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered ro Gates, and continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll

eicd others. pjouses now Handing in, upon, or across any of the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, and also to ered, or cause to be erected, such other Toil Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, with luit-ble Outouildings and Garden Spots thereto, in, upon, or across any or the said Roads, or upon or near the Sides thereof, across any Lane or Way leading into the fame, as they shall think proper, and the respective Toils following shall be demanded and taken at ail fjch Toll Gates and Turnpikes as aforesaid, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to fty),

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calaffi, Hearle, Chair, Gigg, Waggon, Wain, Wheel Car, Cart, Tumbrel, Car, Drag, or Sledge, the Sum of Sixpence:

► For

215

47° GEORG II III. ScfT* 2. Crip.i 2»

For every Horse or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score; and loin Proportion lor any less Number: And, For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any less Number:

Which Laid respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Collectors of the Tolls, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and also to lew the fame by Distress of the Cattle, Carriage, or other Good' of any Potion liable to pay the fame, who shall after Demand the reof made neglect or refuse to pay such Tolls, and to detain and keep the Cattle, Carriage, or Goods lo distrained, until fuel) Tolls, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress. and uf detaining and keeping the fame, shall be pa:d; and tl.e r.ipective Persons so distraining after the Space of Five Days from the Time of m king such Difbets, shall and may fell the Cattle, Carnage, or ot tr Goods, lo distrained, returning the CKtrpIus (it any be) upon Demand to the Owners thereof, after the Tolls and the reasonable Charges ot distraining, keeping, and idling the same shall be deducted and paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, with my Cattle or C irriage whatsoever, pass through any Land, Ground, or Hereditaments (not being a publitk Highway 1 adjoining to or lying near any of the said Road', and near to any Turnpike Gate, Bar, or Chain, to be erected in pursuance of this Act, although he may be the Owner or Occupier thereof, or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land, Ground, or Hereditament shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer any Person with ar.y Cattle or Carriage whatsoever to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be evaded, or if any Person (halt give to or receive from any Person, other than the Collectors of the fskl T< lb, any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the said Collectors, or shall forge or counterfeit any such Note or Ticket, or make use of any such forged or counterfeited Note or Ticket, knowing the same to have been forged or counterfeited, whereby the Payment of ar.y of the said l olls shall be avoided, or if any Person fl.all pals through any of the said Toil Gates or Turnpikes with any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle without Payment of the Tolls for the lame after Demand therenr made, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Cattle from any Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left, upon or near any Part of the said Roads, any Carriage, Horle, or other Cattle, or any Goods, with an Intent ro avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending in any or the Cases aforefiis, Hull for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds5, whereof one Moiety shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer to the said Trustees.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Tolls Ihdl be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be continued or elected by vutue of this Act, for any Cattle or Caniage laden with Gravel,

Sand,

Penalty for evading Payment of Toll*.

Ewrtiptlja

from Tolls.

216 47* GEORGII III. SelT. 2. ' Cap. 12.

Sand, Stones, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads or Highways, within any of the Parishes wherein the Roads by this Act directed to be repaired do lie, or in any of the neighbouring Parishes, for any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Comport of any Nature or Kind whatsoever (Lime excepted) for manuring any Lands or Grounds, or any Hay, or Corn iq> the Straw, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up in the Ou'-houses or other Places belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the fever,d Parishes in which the said Roads do lie, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, or any other Things whatsoever to be used of employed in the tilling or flocking of any Land, or for any Ho >e or Horses, or other Cattle, going to or returning from Water, Partures, Tillages, or Work in Husbandry, cr going to or returning from being ihoed or farried, or for any Horse or Horses employed in tarrying or conveying the Mail or Packet under the Direction of His Majesty’sPoftmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fin h Mails or Packets, or in returning back therefrom, or for any Cattle or Carriages employed only in the Conveyance of Varranrs lent by,) al PuflVs, or for any Horses belonging to Officers or So'diets upon theif March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle,or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Office s or Soldiers, or in carrying any Tick, wounded, or dif bled Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty, having b en so employed, or lor any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and rode by them in going to or returning from their Place or Places of Exercil'e, provided such Person or Persons are in the Uniform of their resprdive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided and established for Rich Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid, or for the Horses or Carriages of any Persons going to or returning from any Election of any Knight or Knighrs of , > ihe Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Salop. Merioneth, or :v*. , Jdenbigb, or either of them during the Time of Rich Election, or on the

Day before or Day after any such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor fhailany of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons refuiing in the said Parishes, Townfmps, or Hamlets, in which the said resptdive Roads hereby directed to be repaired do li , who shall pass through the said Turnpike or Toli Gate to or from th lr own Parish Church, Chapel, or other nearest Place of ieligi us Worship on Sundays, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, or shall attend the Euneialof any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in the same Parish in which they have respectively died, nor of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to ,or returning from his own Parish Church or public Place of Divipe Worship, or in going to or returning from visiting his sick Parissioners; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Tolls to be

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Per.

paid once son or Persons, having paid the Tolls or Duties hereby directed to be paid

at any Gate or Turnpike to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act,

and producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment (which Note or Ticket the Ccllector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers is and are hereby

required

217

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 12.

required to give upon Receipt of such To>l) shall be liable to pay any further or othdr ’I oil for returning through the lame Gate or Turnpike wuh the lame Coach, Beilin, Chariot, Landau, Cahuh, Caravan, Chafe,

'Chair, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, CartfHurfe, Mare, Geld ng. Muir,

Als, or any other Cattle, for or in respect whereof Toil shall have been so paid at any Time during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock ,n one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night; but if any Perfbrj or I’rTfons shall have Ocrafion to pass at any Time tititing the same Day (m be contoured as aforesaid) through ar.y such Gate or Turnpike a Thiid Time on Horseback, or wuh any other Cattle or Carriage v htifoever, then and in every such Cale such Per,"on or Perfois shall be subjeQ. and liable to pay the 'foil or Duty hereby imposed on such respective Catt’e or Carriage, and shall receive another Note or Ticket (which Note or Ticketthe Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers is and ate hereby required todrlivrr as aforesaid); and such Note or Ticket being produced shall entitle him or them to return Toll free through the fame Gate or Turnpike with the fame Hotfe, or other Cattle or Carriage, upon the fame Dav, to be computed as aforesaid, and so toties quoiies every 1 bird Time any person or Persons shall pass or repass the same Day through any Gaie or Turnpike with the fame Hotfe, Cattle, or Carriage as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, Thit the said Trustees, or any Five povre. for or mote qi them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered duccVoils.' from Time to Time to lelitn, reduce, divide, proportion, and regulate,

all or any of the Tolls hereby granted and m de payable, for such Time or Times as they dull think proper, and to r. ife the fame again, so as not to exceed the Tolls herein-before granted, and such Tolls To lrfiened, reduced, or raised again, shall be collected or recovered in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected and recovered.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall ard may be lawful to and Trustees m*y for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to let to farm or let the Tolls, demise all or any of the Tolls hereby made payable, for any Time or

'Perm not exceeding Three Years, f r such Rent to be paid and payable at Rich Times, and under such Covenants as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or to continue the Farmer of any of the said Tolls for a further Term, not exceeding Three Years, at such Rene as shall be agreed upon (the fame not to be leis than the Rent paid or payable lor the preceding Year) the said Trustees taking such sufficient Sccurnyfrom the Person or Persons to whom such Tolls shall be leased or demiled for the Payment of the Renta and Performance of the Covenants, in such Leases to be specified and contained, as to the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fir, and the Money made payable by all and every such Lease and Leases shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and not otherwise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Tolls arising from all Enabling or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be eredtrd on the said Roads, shall Trustees to at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act be demiled or tAefoflef-Jet to farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lefiee or ffbufejTn^ Ltflccs, Farmer or Farmers thereof shall neglect or rtfufe to perform the certain case?. Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demtfed or let, or in

1Lot. & Per.'] 2J case

2l8

47° GEORGII III. Sess.s. Cap. 12.

case any Kent or Rents agreed to be paid determined by such L'fT e or L (Tee', Farmer or Farmers, shall be in arrenr by the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid puilu nt ro his, her, or their Leaie or Agreement, then an I in eiihcr of the said Cales the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Chrk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, or oth^r Persons authorized by Wri ing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorised, to/enter into and upon the Pofiression of the Toil Botife or Toll Houses, with the Building', Gates, and Appur enantrs t re re to belonging, so let or demtfrd as aforesaid, and to r move or put out such Leffce or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, from the Pufleflion thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable, and that thereupon it shall and may be lawtul for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (f they shall think fit) to vacate and determine the Lease, Contradf, or Agreement, lor leafing or letting the Tolls to fuels Leflce o> Leffires, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void, to all Intents and Purposes, (save as ro the Covenants or Agreements for the Payment of the R nt or Kents thereby retervec); and it shall be lawful f r the said Profite-, or any Fiveor more of them, in every such Ca e to denr.fe or to let to f ata the said Toils again to any o her Person or Persons, ot c'.use the same to be taken and collected, as if no former Le.feor Agreement had been entered into, relative thereto.

Tor borrow-

XV. And be it further enacted, That it Anil and may'be lawful to tag Money, and for the said Trusteeg or any Five or more of them, at any Meet rig to ‘ 7 Fe for that Purpose/ to borrow and take up at Ibtertft »{kh Su >> or Sums of Money as they shall think fit upon the Credir of tie Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Adf, and by Wrung under their Hands and S. als i to mortgage,' demise, and assign over the said Foils, cr any Part thereof, subject h< vrrtheless ro the Payment of the Money now due and < wi g "upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, and the Interefi thereof, wh.ch ‘ate hereby charged and chargeable upon lurh Tolls (the Charges A such

Mortgages 'or Assignments to be paid out of such l olls )to any P' rf n or PeAons for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Sccu ty , fop the Repaymefitof ifieseveral Sums that shall be so borrowed, wic i the *"V;, f"; Inrercfi fhered*) and Copies 6f all such Mortgages of A.signm-nts, and yn.o t . of any new M otgages or Assignments that may be made in.litu of any . u.-yJ Mortgage or Aing’riment already made lor Money borrowed upon the Credit > f the said toimer Acts (which the said Trustees, or any Five or snore of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and ex cute) shall be entered in a Book ot Books to be kept for that Pdrptife by the Clerk o tb said Trustees i but no Mon y shall be borrowed unless Fourteen Days previous Notice shall have been given in some piibltck Newspap’e%' published or circulated in the Counties of Sukp, Mirioneth, or Denbigh, and on some of the Toil Gates or Turnp kes which shall be thtn Handii g upon the said Roads, of the Time and Place of Meeting for the Arrowing thereof} and all Mortgages dr Assignmrjrs lo to be made, shall be go d, Valid, and eftVcTu.l, bo all Intents and Purposes and the f vetal Ptrf n- to whom such Mortgages cr Assignments shall be nude, 'Or to whom any Mortgages or Afirgno rents dull have bren made by virrue of the said recit'd Art , o who (Wall be entitled to any Money thereby framed, and (heir resp- ctive 'Ex- cufors. Ad uinistrator', or Assigns, may from Time to Time by Writing undtr-hisj fieri or their Htnd and Seal,

47° GEORG.IT III. SpZ. 2. Cap. 12. sig

o H nt's and S.-a' , rran fi r his, her, or their Right, Tide, Inrerefi, or B*-firfit to the t'tis ci( al and interrll tlnr. b.y fe, ured to any P.rf »n or PcT.wi wh minever, by Indorsement or o'herwile in the Prelenic oi U.ie credible V itr.cfi, and rverv such Transfer shall be produced and notified :o thcE-id Chrk, who shall cause a Copy or Entry to be trade thereof, containing the ['.ate. Names of the Proprietors, and Sum of Monty therein trans-f( rr d, in the Book to be kept for entering the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which the said Clerk (fall be pdd the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and after lurh Entry made, buc not till then, every fu h Transfer shall entitle the Assignee, his or her Executors, Aimimflra-tors, and Aligns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and every such AIJignee may, in l.ke Manner, align again, and fu tetics quo tics.

XVI. And be it further enadfd. That no Act or Determination of tve No Order re. said Trustees, with regard to the mortgaging, aligning, or leafing the spefting Tolls, or touching the Application thereof, or of any Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be revoked or alter d at any un.eV6 by fub tquent Meeiing, unless 7'wcnty-one Days previr.us Notice shall have Ni cTruf-been uiven under the Hand of the Clerk to the Tt ulfees in tUe Chester or te«' Shrewsbury Newspaper, signifying the PI ice, Time, apii Purpose of holding such Merting, and unless such Meeting be h<id at the True or Place at which the Order or Determination intended to be revoked altered shall have been made, and Nine Truliees be present, and coiTeining to the revoking or altering the same.

XVII. And be it further tnidfed. That the said Truliees, or any Five Old Manor more of them, shall and may, it thereunto required, receive and cancel Rages may b» all or any of the Mortgages now (funding out that wtre made by virtue of nailed in, and the said former Acts, or either of them, and give and execute another "I"'?"?* Mortgage or other Mortgages in Bead and lieu thereof respectively, in ’1 Manner and tramferrable as herein-before is mentioned; hut no such lad mentioned Mortgage or Mortgages shall extend to or ailed the 'Polls to

arse from the said new or additional Road hereby dirt&ed to be repaired and improved.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Tolls and other Mu- Applicatio* nies which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees, or tny of them, ToUs pr their Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, (had be applied, in the fit ft Place, borrow^ in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and after Payment, Satisfaction,

and Discharge thereof in trebling Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses, and in amending, widening, and repairing the said Roads, and in defraying all necessary Colls, Charges, and Expenres attending the fiimty and the Execution of this A:t, and to no Other Ufc or Purpose whatfu-ever.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That (ill Sum and Sums of Money to be received, or to be raised from the Toils to ari e from the said Branch of Read lying betwen Sbrcivsbury and Ofwfjlry a fore 1.rid, or by mortgage of the Rid Tolls, Shall be applied only in amending and repairing the said lait-mentionrd R°aJ, and in defraying a Prop'irt on of the Expei c s of obtaining and puffing this Act; and that all Sum and bums of Money to be tectivtd from the Toils to ardc from

2.20

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 12.

the ft id new < r rcic'itional Road through the Village of Sylattyn to rite Town of Cerw n alortl'aid, or by Mortgage of th; Toils tneieof, shall be applied only in ert-sting To!l-houses and Gates, ana i 1 amending a id repair ng the said LII-mentioned Road, and in defraying,! proportion of the Expenres of obtaining and p.fiing this Act; and thac the said Evpences of obtaining and passing this Act lh-ril be proportioned and divided by the fi d Trustees, at their Fit ft or Second Meeting fur carrying the same Act into Execution a, any Thing hereirr-before contained toihe contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

'Pnrt of s certain Road not to be made without Order of Twenty TruRees.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing In this Act contained Ilia!) extend, or be construed to extend, to author,ze the Did Trustees, or any of them, to amend, widen, or rep-ft, the said new or additional Ro.id through Sylatiyn to Coriven aforesaid, further or nearer to Convex than terrain Slate Quarries in iheParish of JLlsnfaintfraii Glyr.ccricg, now in the federal Holdings of IV, Ilium Davies, John Wynne, MelTLurs Edwards anti Hax'etfine, being at the Dillance of about Nine Miles from Of«sect?y aforesaid,- unless die further Continuance or Ex-tepfron these, f shall be determined and agreed upon at a General Meeting of tr>e laid Trustees, to be held in pi! fuance of a Notice to be given-for that Pnrpoie. (prettying the Business of fuih Meeting, and to be insertrid Three Times in each of the Shrevfjhvy P.iprrs, and unless Twenty Trofiecs shall be prTent, and the major Part of them shall be consenting to the said Continuante and Extension; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

TruHees may

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the (bid Trustees, or any Five

rotten,divert, or mors of them, shall be, and are hereby tuily authorized and tnt-and alter powered, from Time to Time, a> they shall think proper, to widen, urchafc111^ divert, or alter the C.ourse or Path of any Part or Par s of the End Tendi. Roads, and that any such widening or Variation of Road may be made thfoueh or over any Common or Wnlle Ground, without making any Sat>.<faction for the fame, sn.l through any private Grounds or Mere-di|amerps, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons in-lecclt-d tisercin, for the Damage they may thereby fullain; and it shall r «. pbe lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of iliem, from Time so Time, to comr ift and agree with the Owners of and Persons tntcrested in any Lands or Heredit ments for the Purchase or Exchange thereof, or f or any L f or Damage as aforesaid i and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for all Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, and Committees, not only for and on B.-half of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of any Infants, CeftuKjue Trulls, Lunatics, Idiots, or Persons of unfoond Mud, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be (eiled or in on ft.ft in their own Right, and to and for a’l and every ocher Pci for and Prisons who ate or shall be seised, p. defied of, or iuterelled in, ar.y iuen L inds or Heteditamen‘s, to contra:t wiih the said Trust. e-, or any Five or m rc of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damage as aforesaid, or to exchange with, lell, and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them all or any lueh LlamT or Here.ligaments for the Pur— poles af refuie j and.all Gontrnfts, Ex hanges, Sales, and Conveyames, which Avail be f» made, shall be vaid, so all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, UDee, or other Matter er Thing, to the contrary n * ?» C withstandiBgt

221

47° GEORGII III. Sefi.2. Cap. 12.

withstanding; and ali such Corporations, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and other Persons, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, for what they shall do by virtue of this; and if any such Corporations, Where Own-Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, or other Person or Persons ,0*nd* interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him or treat) ajury her or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling tobe impan-Houses, or other Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons, nelled. or of the Principal Officer or Officers of any such Corporation, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of such Roads are to be diverted, turned, or altered,

shall, for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after Notice given or left, neglect or refute to treat, or shall not agree in the Prennfes, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage and Recompence to be enquired into and al'certained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County, and, in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be or require, to fumrr.on and cal! before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, any Person or Persons, which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View, or otherwise, use alt such Ways and Means as they shall think proper, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money so afiefled by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in such Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdkil and Inquisition of such Jury, which said Verdict or Inquifiion and Judgment, Order or Determination thereupon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion,

Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Corpor tions, Infants, Femes Coverts, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, as well as all other Persons; and for summoning and returning such Jury, the said Trustees, or any ByTae<* Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrants to Warrant, the Sheriff of the County where the said Roads shall be situate, requiring Sheriff to him to impannel, summon, and return, Twenty-four Persons qualified to imPannel serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or Jury‘ more of them, at such Time and Place as i,n such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy, is hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such r

of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any

Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to draw by Ballot, and to swear, cr cause to be (worn, Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, or any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall return such other honest and indifferent Men of the S:anders-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, as will make up the Number Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have fhetr lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when I Loo- fe? Per.] 3 K they

322 4?" GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap: 12.

they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy, Bailiffs, or Agents, making such Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall he summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or being (worn, shall relule to give, or rot give ins Verdict, or it?, any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said jury, shall lefufe or neglect to appear, or appearing shall r<fu!e to be Iworn, or being (worn, shall refuse to be examined or to give Evidence, lb that no such Fine be more than Five Pounds on any One Person for One Offence.

flow Expen-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury (h .!! give in cesofjmy and deliver aVeidct or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence or shall be paid. Satisfaction for the Right, Interest. or Property of any Person or Persons

in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lot's or Damage to be- by' ihem sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, then and in such-Cafe the Coils and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnessei shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, ouc of any Money arising By virtue ‘of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict of Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recommence or Satisfadl ion for any Left High', Imerelt, or Property, or Lois or Damage as aforesaid, then the Ch(ts: and Expences ot summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnessc's shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said TVriftees shall have such Contro--Veify or Dispute: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Pi rions shall, determined by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating, such Cods and Ejtpences shall be paid by the said Trustees ouc of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

Moijeyagreed

XXIII. And be it funher enabled. That all and every such Slim or upon, or af- Sums of Monty, Consideratiun, Recompence, and Satisfaction, to be Lands^hoW aorec^ f<ir or afttertained or afltffed as aforesaid, shall be paid otu of the to^e paid or I oils*, or out of the Monies to be raised by virtue cf this Act, according tendered. to the Dirtftions hertF-tfter contained, either inro the Bank of England, or (as the Case may require) rathe Parties or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents, and 'Upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons, or their Agents, of in case of Relufal to accept the fame, then upon de pod ring the fame in the Bank of England in Manner hetein-af er mentioned, it dial'{and may be laWul for the said Trustees. or any Five r.r more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into and upon, and to take or add to the said Roads, such Lands or Hereditaments, and to do all and every such A'Ct, Matter, and Thing, w th "Relation to such Lands and Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, and the said Lands and Hereditaments so added to, taken in, or made Part of the said

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2, Cup, 12*

said Roads, shall be fenced from the adjoining Lands in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the Roads hereby directed to be repaired forever thereafter, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be a public Common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Roads hereby directed to be repaired are by this Act to be repaired and ktpt in Repair; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands or Grounds constituting the old or former Road (unless leading over fume Common or Waste Land, or to some Village, Town, Hamlet, or Place, to which the new Roads do not lead) shall be verted in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the bcft Price that can be gotten for the lame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repair of the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, and ail Deeds of Conveyance executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and intolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which the Lands hereby conveyed shall lie, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; but this Act shall not extend to the taking down of any Dwell-ing-house, or any Park, Paddock, planted Walk, incloted Nursery for Trees, or Avenues to a Houfr, or any Part thereof, without the Content of the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively in Writing firfthad and obtained.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Lands or Grounds shall be fold in pursuance of this Act, the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required, in the First Piace, to offer the fame at a fair and real'onacle Price to such Person or Persons as shall have any Estates, Lands, r-r Grounds, lying near or contiguous to or intermixed therewith; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purcfiafe the fame an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master or Masters Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before arty One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Land or Ground shall be, by some Person or Persons noways interested in the said Lands or Grounds, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was offered shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in cale such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expences of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to Purchases of Land made by the said Trullees mutatis mutandis.

1 ,1

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, of any Body Corporate, Eccle-

fiastical,

Not to extend to Houses, &c.

Application of Money when exceeding 4,300.

224. 476 GE, ORGII 111. SdlVc, Cajr.r*.v

’fiistical, or Civil, Corporation Aggregate ar Sole, not having the Power to fell without the Authority of this Act, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from aay Feme; or Feme Covert, or other incapacira'ed Person or Persons, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name of and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Afi, or any Five or more of them, to the Intent thatr such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Older made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been tniiiled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the fail Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands cr Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Monty shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invelled, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be so conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Pui poles, and in the same Manner, as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be I) purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling undetermined, or capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold fur the s aforesaid, the Dividerds and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time ro Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled ro the Kents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement had been made.

"Where

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money

Money does so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, "- taken, or used for the Pur poles aforesaid. and belonging to any such Cor-Mcceding poration, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as

jfe'zo. aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall

exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time bting entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used,or of his, her,or their Guardian or Guardians, Committeeor Committees, in case of infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their r< spective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name, aiul with the Privjiy t.f the Lid Accountant Gkieial of the High Court of Chancery, and be [laced to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons t ' - ~ making

225

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 12; '

making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees, or any Fiy» or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be appi cd in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further erased, That where such Where left Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be 1 an *0 less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame fl ail be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of futh Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons In case of not

to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of out

any Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall Owner«°can-refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the not be touad. Premil'cs, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of

them , or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or difrovered, then and ine very such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Patties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, \defiribing the m], subject to the Order, ControuJ, and Disposition of the fartl Court of Chancery , which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summtry Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Paymenc of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Imereft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the P.-emifes as to the said Court shall teem just and reasonable , and the Cafhter or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whoseUfe the fame is or are received, to such Person or Ptr-lons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Where Ques-Question shall aiife touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be tionsihallarife paid into the Bank of England in the N^nie and with the Privity of the touchingTide Accountant General, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Personin°rof-Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any fessiondeemed Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Moncv,or to the Dividends

[Lee. fs9 Per.-} 3 L or theret0‘

s26 47° G EO RGII III.: SdfltCCty. i u

or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who would have been in Possession of such lands or Hereditaments at the Time of fuel) Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewrr, to the Satisfaction of the said Court and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of Inch Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Eftats or Interest therein.

Court of

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reafen

Chancery any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation,

peiicea of X" entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the ?urchafes,&c. Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expends of all Purchase* from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of fetch Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the pecessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money lor such Purposes as the said Court fiia.ll direct. e)<

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, take and carry away any Gravel, Heath, Sand, Stone, or other Materials proper for re-paiiing the said Roads, in and out of any River or Brook, Waite or Common, of any Parish, Town, Village or Hamlet, near or adjoining to the said Road*, without paying any Thing for the fame, and to lead or carry away the fame upon, over, or through the private Lands or Ground* of any Person whomsoevet, such Surveyor or Surveyors fencing or flopping all such Holes and Fits where any such Materials as aforesaid shall be dug* gathered, and taken, so as to prevent any Mischief or Accident thereby* and it shall also be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to search for, dig, and gather such Materials in, and carry the fame out of the Fields or Grounds of any Persons, (not being the Ground whereon any Houses or Buildings stand, or a Garuen, Orchard, Yard, Meadow, Park, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any House, or any Plantation or Nursery for Trees), and from Time to Time to carry away the lame, paying such Sum or Sums of Money for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Ground where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, or carried away, or upon, over, or through'which the fame or any other Materials so dug and gathered as aforesaid shall be carried or drawn, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable* and in case of any Difference between such Owner* or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Pracc a; their next General Quarter Sessions, or at the

the

Surveyors may get Materials.

227

47a GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 12.

the Second General Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to be holden for the County wherein such Lands shall lie, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof being given determined by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle, assess, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and condusive to and upon all Parties.

XXXII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Notice to be it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons |"^b^ore under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any ta^Mate-Matet ials for making or repairing any of the said Roads, out of or from rials from in-any Indofed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the closedLandi. Surveyor, shall have been given to the Land Owner or his known Agent,

or to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at such Occupier’s usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place wherein such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such LandOwner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Land Owner, Agent, or Occupier, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to appear by himself or herlelf, or by his, her, or their Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent had attended, and the Order of such Trustees or Justices shall be final and condusive to all Parties.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty for shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or taking away gathered, for the Repair or Use of the said Roads, or shall raise or carry Materials got away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made VJur" or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before 1

the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein foi the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Surveyors or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Person or ma)r make Persons by them appointed or employed, may and is and are hereby ^aufeways> authorized and empowered to make, or cause to be made, any causeway C‘

or Footpath in or along the Side of any Part or Parts of Lhcsaid Roads, and to cut, or cause to be cut, any Water-course, in, through, or acrofa any Lands or Grounds, in order to drain or prevent the said Roads, or any Part thereof, from being overflowed, and to erect Bridges over such Drains or Water-courses, if cectflary, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Damages thereby sustained as to the said Trustees,or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet.

228 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 12.

Surveyors to

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said remove Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall

Annoyances. appoint, from Time to Time to remove and prevent ail Nuitances on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to remove all Obstructions being in or upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, and make deeper any Watercourse or Ditch adjoining or near to the said Roads, and at proper Seasons of the Year to cut down, lop or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and to cut or plafh such Hedges, the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises neglecting to cut down such Trees or Bullies, or to cut or plalh such Hedges, or to open, cleanse, or scour such Watercourses, or to remove such Nuisances for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands) to be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons making Default therein; and shall be recovered and levied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and levied; and if any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person I'o offending, shall for every subsequent Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds.

Persons liable

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and to repair the Persons, Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, and the Inhabitants dnue so°C°n" thereof, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who, before the making of this Act, hath or have used, or of Right ought by Reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or on any other Account or Accounts, to repair any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridge, Drain, or Watercourse, in or upon the fame, shall, notwi h-star.ding this Act, be subject and liable to such Rrpairs, in the same Manner as they and every of them have or hath heretofore usually been. Or would have been, in case this Act had not been made.

Statute Duty. XXXVII, And be it further ennfted, That the Surveyor or Survey.

ors of the Highways of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places within which any Part of the said Roads, hereby intended to be repaired, doth lie, shall on an Order in Writing made by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Parishes, Town-ships, or Places shall lie, shall on Application 10 them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, and delivered to such Surveyor or Surveyors, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or resptdive Places of Abode, bring and deliver, within Ten Days afterwards, to the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, true and perfect Lifts in Writing of the Names of the fe-reral Persons who within such Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively shall be by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofnion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid by each Person, which Lifts shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or 3 may

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 12. 229

may be direbLd by any Law or Sifltute in Force anJ Effect for the Re-pa, i of the oublick Highways; and the fame, when i'o drf.vcred in as aforesaid, (bail belaid before loth Two Justices as aforesaid, by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Sirveyor.', and luth Two Justices shall and may adjudge and determine what Fart or Proportion of the said Statute Work, not exceeding Three Days in the Whole, shall every Year be done upon the UitV Roads by the Inhabitants of or Occupiers of Lands ot Tenements in the said respeidive Paiidles, Town ships, or Places, and also what Proportion of ;he M,ney received or to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fitch Pari lit, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Compositton for Statute Work, shall be by him, h< r, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors; and the said k Persons named or letumed in such Lifts as liable to uo Statute Work,

shall and ate hereby required to do and perform such Proportion as aforesaid thereof on such Parts of the Lid Roads lymj> within the said Parishes,

Townships, or Places respectively, and at such Time (not being Hay-, time or Harveft) as the Lid Trqfjees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall direct and appoint; and the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Lid respective Parishes, Townships, and Places for the Time being, within Ten Days after Notice given to him or them, by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors of the Time or Times when and the Place or Places where such Pcifuns respectively are to do such Statute Work, shall summon or give publick Notice thereof to such Persons respectively; and if any Surveyor of the Lid Highways shall refuse or neglect to do as such Surveyors are hereby re* quired and directed to do, he or she, for every such Refusal or Neglecr,

shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with, the Colls and Charges of recovering the fame, and the Lid Forfeitures,

Costs, and Charges, shall and may be levied and recoveied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reftde, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant upon Contession of the Party, or upon the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered co administer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to do penalty on such Statute Work as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to do the Persons ne-fame, after Notice for that Purpose being given as aforesaid, shall for 8,e<^inS 10 every Day of his or her Default, or the Default of any Labourer or La- Work*1* bourers. Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horle or HorLs, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him or her, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person may be subjtbl or liable to by any Law or Statute then in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with or to attend any Team or Draught to work on the said Hoads, shall beiound idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to dismiss and discharge the Person who shall be so found idle e>r negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person, and the Ownbf of every such Teatn or Draught, shall respectivt-ly be subject and liable tb the respective Pains, Penalties,

\Lic. 13s Pee.] 3 M and

-3° '

Compoli'ion Muncy, &c.

Trustees to compound for Statute Work.

Trustees may contrail for Repair of Roads.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 12.

and Forfeitures aforesaid, in like Manner as if he had negletfted or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to Work as afmsaid, all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and applied to the surposes of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Proportion of the Money

received, or winch ought to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or every such Township, Parish, or Place as aforesaid, in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, and adjudged and determined by such Two Justices as alorefrid to be by such Surveyor or Surveyors paid to the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall be so paid to them or him, at such Time or Times as such 1 wo Juf-tiecs as aforesaid shall direct or appoint, and in default of Payment thereof the lame, togeth- r with all reasonable Costs and Charges of the Recovery thereof, shall and may from Time to Time be levied on the Application of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their laid Surveyor or Surveyors, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Htghw ys of such Parish, Townfhrp, or Place, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hinds and Seals, of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peacfe for the County or Place where the Defaulter or Defaulters shall restde,

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the faiu Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with Poss'ir.rs, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees and Committees ocLands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, who are a d shall be liable to or ch rgeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Roads, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Sr'tute Work thereon j and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyoror Surveyors of the Highways cfany of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, by and with the Confenc of the Majori y of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships or Places, first had at any Vcilry or public Meeting of stich Inhabitants, to compound and agree for a certain Sum of Money, by t1 e Year or otherwise, in lieu of the Statute Woik to be done upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, all which Cumpofi inn Money shall be from Time to Time paid in advance, and shall be applied in repair of the said Roads; and all such Highway Su veynrs shall be reimbmfed the Moni-s f> by them paid, in such Manner as Surveyor* of the Highways are by Law to be reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or moie of them, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to conti act and ag ee with any Person or Persons for the repairing, widening, improving, altering, turning, or amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for d1 in'" any other Work to be done in the Exe ution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees, ,tjr any Five or more of them, (bail think proper.

47° GEORGII TIL Sess. 2. Cap is. C31

XLII. And be it further enacted, Tha it (h I! aid nuy be 1 fd for Tn-fi '"''if the said Trulb-es, or any Five or more of them, to c.use ih f.iid H acts or any P?it (hereof, to be measured, and Stones or Foils to be let up in or near the Sides of the said Roads, with Inscriptions thereon den ting ti e Number of Miles and Dillance of Places, and also to erect Polls at ail or any of the Highways or Lanes leading out of the Roads hereby dot £1 d to be repaired, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting to what Place or Places such Highways or Lanes respectively lead; and il any Person final 1 wilfully break, obliterate, deface, or pull up any of the Stones or Polls already erect.d by virtue of the said recited Acts, or to be erected by virtue of i his Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety laid out in repairing the said Roads.

iLIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes Turnpike* and Toll Houses, and other Buildings and Works erected or to be erected &c. veiled by the Trullees for the Care of the said Roads, and the Materials of which *n TraHee*. the fame do or shall consist, and all Materials which shall be provided by the Trullees fur carrying this Act into Execution, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors for repairing the said Roads, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trullees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to aifpose of the lame as they shall think fit, and to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of any one of them, or of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer and piolecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of Indictments against; any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down. Heal, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy any of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, and other Buildings, or any of the Materials aforesaid, or do any Act to hinder or obstruct any Person employed by the said Trullees, of any Five or more of them, in the Execution of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by

this Act imposed or inflicted (the Manner of levying and recovering where-of is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall upon Proof of the veredandap-Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County where- Plied-in the Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Parties respectively, or by the Oath of one credible Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to adrr.inilter) be levied and recovered by DittreL and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant) and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Conviction, D.llrels, and Sale (such Charges to be settled and ascertained by the Justice before whom such Conviction shall be made) arc recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when so levied and iecovered, shall from Tune to Time be paid to the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them-, or to their Treasurer, and shall be applied (if not otherwise particularly directed by this Act) for and towards amending the said Roads, and other the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Diflrels cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be foithwkh paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice, and he is hereby

authorized

232

Form of Conyi£ion»

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 12.

authorize! and required, by Warrant under his Hand and S al, to cause lech Off'indfis respectively ip be committed tothts tomnion Gaol for such County, there "to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for such Tutit as such juitiic Ihaih direct, not exceeding Thiee Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and I erfi itures, and all reafo'nable Charges aitencing the fame, lba 1 be fojner paid and satisfied.

XI, V. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace and Trustees, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Odcnceagaii.lt this Act, shall and may cauie the Conviction in be drawn up in the following Form, or to the 1 ke Efieft; (that is to lay),

« dE it remembered. That on the Day of

One thoulanct eight hundred and in the

‘ Year of His Majesty's Reign, A.B. is convicted before me 'C.D. one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

[or, as the Case may be~\, before us whose Names are hereunto subscribed,

Deing of the Trustees named in or acting under and by virtue, of

« an Act made in (he

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think hirr-thr Oerter Iclf aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which Settions! U 110 particular Method of Relief hath been hereby appointed (except in Cases where the final Determination is directed by this Act) such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quaiu-r Sessions of the Peace to beholden for the.C°unt^ wherein the Caule of Appeal shall arise, within Three Calendar Months after such cause of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person appealing first giving of causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matier thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said; Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Kecog-

®"* " - rfiance before fame Justice of the Peace for such County, with Two luffi-cient Surtties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of and to pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such (Quarter Session; and the Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matteraof every such Appeal, in a summary Way, and award such Colts to the Party appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices in their laid Quarter Sessions shall direct, and the Determinations of the said Justices shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Proceedings Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceeding made, touching or con-"uafocd'for cern’n8 any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching the Conviction of any want of Offender against this Act, shall be quaffied or vacated for want of Form

Form, only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any Other Writ or

Ptocefs whatsoc-ver, into any of His Majest/s Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding j and where any D ftrqfs shall be made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diltycfs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor any of the Parties making t|K fame be deemed a Trespassrr or

Trdpassers,

4?° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 12. 233

Trespasserj, on Account of any Defect Cr Want'of Form in the Summon?,

Conviction, Wjttfjnt' of Distress, of other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall any of (he Parties distraining be deemed rrefpafifcrsabinitio on Ac-o unt of any Irregularity winch shall be aftci wards by them done, but the respective Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Sat'sfaction for the Special Damage, in any Act on upon the Calcj provided ftfat no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, if !uf« ficienr Tender of Amends bath been made to him by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action-Drought.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have CompeUmfj subsenbed to pay any Money for and towards making and repairing the Persons to new or additional Roads herein-before mentioned and described, and de- pay Subscriprj fiaying the Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, ih.11 and arc tlon’’ hereby required to pay the Sums by them respectively subscribed within fu h Time and Times, and in such Shares and Proportions, and to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to rective the fame; and if any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or an; Pan thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and rrcover the fame in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of bmught or prosecuted for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, Aftians. ev. y such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Two Calendar M n hs next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County wherein the Cause of Action shall have arilen, and n"t elltwhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or SuU fh >11 and nay pie d the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special M tterin Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame wa.» done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any Ad ion or Suit shall be brought aft- r (he Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaint ff shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Dilcominuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit. after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plainufts, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Drfcndant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Calc by Law.

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

[LK.&Per.] 3 N

234

Commencement and Duration of this Act.

U '

47° GEORGII III. Sell.2. Cap.r2.

LT. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the said Fourth Tbu^Jday in the Month ol AuguH next, and shall have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and trom thenc« to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sell: 2.

Cap. 13.

An Act for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Cross to Milfield Burn, and from Wooler to Boivjdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the North End of Breamiji.i Turnpike Road, at or near Percy's Cross, to Milfield Burn, where the fame joins the ford Turnpike Road, and also the Road from the Town of Wooler towards Berwick, where the fame joins the Turnpike Road in the County of Durham, at or near Bowfdon Burn, are very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Trusteee. Allgood, George AJkcw, Edward Anderson, Sir Francis Blake Baronet, the Honourable Henry Grey Bennett, Francis Blake, Charles William Bigge,

William Burrell, William Sadler Bruere, William Burden, Thomas Bates,

John Bailey, John Bell, John Barber, James Bell, Palfrey George Burrell,

Henry Collingwood, Charles John Clave ring, Thomas Clennell, John Carr of Hedgely, Edmund Crajler, Anthony Compton, George Cul/ey, Matthew Culley of Akcld, Matthew Culley of Fouberry, John Carr of Ford, John Davison, Alexander Davijon, John Dinning, James Forsler, Joseph Forjler,

Sir Henry Grey Baronet, John Grey of Sandyhouse, John Grey of Kimmer-ston, Anthony Grigson, Sir Carnaby Hagger/lon Baronet, Thomas Haggcr-stone, William Haigh Clerk, Thomas Howey, Nathaniel Handapjde, George [Loc. Ss3 Per.] 3 0 Hughes,

23$

Qualification of the

Trustees.

Oath.

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Gap. 13.

Hughes, Sanderson lldcrton, Richard Jobson, William 'fobfon, William James, Collingwood Forsler James, Sir Thomas Henry Liddell Baronet, Anthony Lambert, John Lambert, William Lowry, Henry Morton, Thomas Morton, Alexander Mole, John Nijbctt, George Nicholson, the Right Honourable Lord OJfutfton, William Orde, John Orde, Leonard Orde, Horace S Paul, Horace St. Paul junior, James Pinkerton, John Pratt, h chert George Riddell, Lancelot Reed, James Robson, Sir John Edward Swinburne Baronet, Henry Collingwood Selby, Francis Sitwell, John Staward, Adam Sibbitt, Thomas Selby, Thomas Vardy, Nicholas Walton, William Watson of Middleton, and Edward Werge, and their SuccefTo'S, to be tlefted in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Tr.ullees for amending, widening, turning, shortei.ing, varying, altering, and improving the said Roads, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Pof-or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of Three thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering tire Oath herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed. before any Two or more of the said Trustees, an Oath, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

e A.B. do swear, That 1 truly and bond fide am in my own Right [or, 4 in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment 4 [or, Receipt) of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above ‘ Reprizes [dr, am Heir Apparent of a Person seised of such an Estate of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or, possessed of a Per-‘ fonal Estate of the Amount of Three thousand Pounds], and that I will truly, faithfully, and impartially execute the Trusts reposed in me as a ‘ Trustee, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act] according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever. 4 So help me GOD.’

Penalty

qualified.

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as such Perfotreafting Trustee, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such not ung person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, ro be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at tVefimin-Jler, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more tiran One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of

any

239

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 13.

any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Trustee shall die, or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of such Trustee so deceased, or refusing to act, but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Roads, at least Twenty Days before any such Meeting; and all Persons who shall be so elected, are hereby veiled with the fame Powers for (putting this Act: in Execution, in the fame Maimer, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been hereby named and appointed a Trustee.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Three or

more of them may and are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint one or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think necessary; and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and to appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, or become incapable of performing their Duty, and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the said Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting to them or any of them in or about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, and Service, as to the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall seem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to rl'ime, when thereunto required by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, deliver to such Trustees or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Three or more of them shall for that Purpose appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) of all Monies which he, they, and every of them, shall have respectively received to that Time, by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and difbuvfed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payment; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account as aforesaid, or shall refuse or negl. ft to produce or deliver up such Vouchers relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money due on such Account in Manner as aforesaid, or if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Three or more of them shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trusttes, or any Three or more of them, all the Books, Papers, or Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the c - Execution

For appointing new Trustees.

Power ti

appoint

Officers.

140 4/ GEORGII HI. Sess. 2. Cap. 13.

-Execution of this Act, in such or any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offender shall be or reside; and such Justices, upon Complaint thereof being made to them by any Two or more of the said 1 rustees, are hereby required to make Inquiry concerning such Default or Refusal, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves resptClively, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, such Justices shall and may commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees or any Three or more of them are hereby empowered to make) or until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees or any Three or more of them: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed as aforesaid, shall remain in Prison for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

Treasurer to V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three

give Security. or more of them, shall take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as they the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think proper.

Power to

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Ab-

appoint fconding, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of the lolls, any Three or more of the said Trullees, though not at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and lawfully may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the dead of such Collector or Receiver who shall so die, become incapable, abscond, or absent himself, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as the Person who shall so die, become incapable, abscond, or absent himself, would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer of the said County, with such Assist*

auce

2<fl

Aftrrthe first Nomination of Officers, no Trustee t® vote in future Appointments, unless he hath attended Meetings once inr '1 wo Years.

*47* GP O RT$ 11 III. Sass 2. Cap. 13.

anoe as-shall be necdtiry. to cOter such Lfoufe or Building in the Daytime, ami to remove the Psrfon or PerfoRS .-who (hs>U be. found therein, together with hist, her, or their Goods-put-of the facie, and to put the Paid Trustep or any liipje.pr-mpte of them, or their uew appointed Officers, into the Poflpffion thereof.

VI r. Provided always, and be it further ernded, That after the first Nomination and Appointment of tuty Officers in pur uance of this Act, no Trustee shall be capable of voting or acting in any future Nomination or Appointment of any such. Officer or Officers, upon Death or any other Vacancy,*,'uftjcfs he shall have,acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act atleaft once during the Term of Two Years preceding the Time that fitch new Nomina'ion or Appointment of any such Officer or Officers shall. h<f ma^e: Provided allq, that no.Pqrfon shall be-capable of holding any Place of profit under the said Trustees, who shall fell any Ale, Beer,

Wine, or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

Vlfl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Mortgagee Mortgagee* or Assignee of any Mortgage or Security, or any Lender of Money upon may ail-'the Credit'of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest therpotlt for the fame, shall hot on that Account be deemed unqualified or be defeat d from acting as a Trustee in t’r.e Execution of this Act: Provided ’also, that'fucft of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission cf -

'the Peace for any Piftrid to which the Powers of this Act may extend,

shall have full Power as Justices of the Peace in.any Matter or Thing.

'relating to this Act (except only ia such Gjtfes where they shall be pe.r-fonally( interested); but noPerfyift shall be /capable of acting as a Trustee in ' the Executioi: of this Act, in any Case where he shall be pedonully interested.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued fur or concerning any Thing to be dqrfe by virtue or in pursuance of this Aci, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and that no

tgainlL the shall abftte by the Fiyefqr

-vr-^iifTT TI3OT-- rrr -%r nr: '? the fffid.Tr.uftscs

'.ft " lie A imed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every tucii-Action: Provided always, that every suqh Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pur-.fiyioj-C of ihis Ad, shall be fufly reimbuifed and paid, out of the Monies > Virtue ' of this Act, all such Colts, jJamages,- Charges, and

TApences, asTy the Event or in consequence of auy such Action or Pro-^eecffiig fyedhall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by rtafbn of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

10 & T'j ,-ruM !{.../:*

'X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more Mthejn, ffiaU mqtt at the House called The Tunkcr-vJ’e Arnu, jn thelVrish oP (t'ioler in the said County, a.n the Seventeenth Day of An-Pa$nf> 0Jf ttys Ad, or as soon after as conveniently may pe, at 1^1 even of the Clqck in the Forenoon, and fbftlthen proceedto the ^X'CpftAtf'f this Act, apdfhajl then adjourn themjeives. and from Time to Time. aftetwards meet at, and again adjourn to such Pi.tce: ar to the j.laifl Road as they the said Trustees or auy Five or more of them shall tnink [Loc. & Per.^ 3 P proper

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Cicrk.

Clerk to be reimburstd his L-xpcm.es.

Time and Place of Meeting of the Trullee*.

Power to erect Turnpikes and Tali Gates.

242 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 13.

proper; and if at any such Meeting, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being hereby declared and deemed fulficienr for the Purpose of Adjournment only) or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the said d ru flees shall from Time to Time, in either of such Cases, by Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates which shall be then erected across the said koads, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the Iafl Meeting was held or was appointed to have been held, on such Days and at such Times as shall be specified in such Notice, not exceeding Six Weeks nor less than Three Weeks after the Day on which such last Meeting was held or was appointed to have been held.

Trustees to

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or the Majority make Orders, of them, present at Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, are hereby &c- empowered to make all necessary Orders, Agreements, and Determinations

in the Execution of this Act; and that no such Order, Agreement, and Determination shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Seven Trustees or more shall be present, and Five at least concur therein j and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and may, from Time to Time, cause to be erected and set up such and so many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and also a Toll House to each Gate or Turnpike, with suitable Outbuildings thereto, and also may inclose from the said Roads convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses, as they or any Five of them may judge proper, and may cause any such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they or any Five or more of them shall judge proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act (except as herein-after is excepted) by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is hereby impoftd, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say)

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaise, Hearse, Ca-lash, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every the like Carriage drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every the like Carriage drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Chaise, Calash, or Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage with Four Wheels, drawn by Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Six or Seven Horses or Beasts

of

Power to take Toll*.

ToDi.

24-3

i

i

C!

i

a

L

nl

’ M

Hi

fiil

nj

fb

ot

fc

SI

rs

4

4

o

t*

s>

>A

47° GEORGII III. Seff 2. Cap. 13.

of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence; and drawn by hour or Five Horses or Bealls ol Draught, ihe Sum of Otic Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage with Four Wheels, and drawn by Seven or Eight Horses or other Bead- ot Draught, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches and under Nine Inches, the Sum of Tw > Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by hive or Six Horses or other Beafis of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or other Bealfs of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, with Four Wheels, drawn by Eight Iiorfes, or other Beasts of Draught, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a Breadth less than Six Inches, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Six Hords or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and draw n by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Wain, Cart, or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Wain, Cart, or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mate, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and lb in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Cal ves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Two-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the How Tolls Name of or as a Toll; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Pay- shall levied ment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, whether in c3fc of immediately on the fame becoming due, or at any Time after, neglect or Non‘Pa/* refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Per- mL ’ son or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls, by himself or themselves, or taking such Afliilance as he or they shall think necessary, to seize and didrain any Horse, Beall, or other Cattle, upon which any such Toll is by this Act imposed, and also any Carriage which such Horle,

Bead, or other Cattle may be drawing, together with their Saddles, Bridles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any other of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons lo neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; and if such Toll, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Person or Persons so seizing and diitraiuing shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage so seized and distrained, or any Part of such Saddles, Bridles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, returning the Overplus (if any) and what shall remain unfold, upon demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deduced and paid; and that all the Tolls to be collected or levied by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby veded in the said 'I fudees, and shall be applied and may be assigned in such Manner as here-in-after mentioned.

; - XIV, And

2i4

Tolls to \>t paid but Once a Day.

Special Exemptions from Toll.

How Pif-putes respecting Tolls shall be settled.

Collectors of Tolls not incompetent Witnesses.

47° GEORGII III. Sets.2. Cap. 13.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons bavin# paid the lolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act, for parting with any Horse, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoever, through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be eroded by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to pav any lurther or other Toll for returning or repalhng wiih the fame Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, as often as he, she, or they shall have 0< carton, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, through the fame Gate where such Toll shall have been so paid, such Person or Persons producing a Note or Ticket of the D.iy denoting such Payment, all which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby requeded to deliver gratis on R eceipt of the Toll.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be chargeable with or liable to pay any of the Tolls aforesaid, for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages whatsoever, or for any Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs respectively, both at the Toll Gate or Turnpike to be hereafter erected on that Part of the said Road lying on or to the South of Wooler Bridge, and the Toll Gate or Turnpike to be hereafter erected on that Part of the said Road lying on or to the North of Wooler Bridge, on the same Day, but only at such One of them as shall be first parted; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall have paid Toll at either of the said Gates or Turnpikes, and who shall produce a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof, shall be allowed to pass and repass with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll-free, during such Day, through the other of the said Gate* or Turnpikes; and every Collector of the Tolls, on the Receipt of the Toll, shall on Demand thereof made by any Person or Persons paying such Toll, deliver a Note or Ticket gratis, denoting such Payment.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress., it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen, until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of the Dit tress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress (as the Case may happen) shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place in which the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amoiint of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, Qt acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

47° GEORGII III. Sen: 2. C, i 3.

' XVIII, And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of ail TampifcM, The Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected or providdl in or upon the said Roads, and of the Materials for building the fame, and Traftec* also of all Materials got and collected for repairing the said Roads, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they or any five or more of them are hereby empowered to bring or cuufe to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictments again.it any Person or Persons who shall injure or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls to be collected Application and levied by virtue of this Act, or out of the Monies to be borrowed of the Tolls upon the Credit thereof, the said Trustees or any five or more of them,

Avail in the first Place pay all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and aftet wards all such Tolls and Monies shall be applied in defraying the Expences in erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of amending, widening, and improving the said Roads, and of building and repairing any Bridge or Bridges on the said Roads (except Wooler Bridge being a County Bridge) and of executing the other Purposes of this Act, and in the next Place in paying the littered of all such Sums of Money as shall be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, and for no other Use whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees may Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time as they shall compound fee convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One for iolls-Year at any One Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Townships, Hamlets, Parishes, or Places to or through which the said

Roads lead, for the passing-.of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Turnpikes to be erected on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall be paid yearly in Advance, and in Default thereof, the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default, shall from thenceforth be void; and all such Composition Money shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls are hereby directed to be applied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said To’! to- Trustees or any Five or more of them, after giving Fourteen Days Notice let.

in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall be then erected upon or across the said Roads, and advertising the fame in any of the Newcastle Newspapers, from Time to Time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years at a Time, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times and under such Covenants as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think lit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficient Security from the Person or Persons to whom any such foils ffiail be leased or demised, for Payment of such Rents, and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprized in such Lease or Leases, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit.

246 47 GEORGII III. Sess. z. Cap. 13*

Power to lefitm the Tolls and to lli-em n^irrt.

XXII. And be it further enacted, that the said Trusteesor any Five or more of tiem, may and are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to lime, as they shall think proper, to lessen, vary, or alter all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls hereby granted, at all, any, or either of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Part', and Proportions, as they shall think fit, and to raise the fame again, so that they do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted, and so that such Reduction be with the Consent of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Four-fifth Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the said 1’olls; but no such Reduction shall be made unless Ten Days Notice in Writing be given for that Purpose, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road.

Allowing

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be Exemptions chargeable with or liable to pay any of the said Tolls for any Waggon, from Toll. Wain, Cart, or other Carriage which shall be laden with or going empty for, or returning empty after having been laden with Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, or Wood, or with Gravel or other Materials for repairing the "laid Roads, or any of the Highways in the Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the fame Roads lie, or with Hay, Corn in the Straw, or Fodder, to be laid up in the Ilcufes, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards of or belonging . to the respective Owners thereof; nor shall any Person or Persons be chargeable with or liable to pay any of the said Tolls for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other-Implements of Flufbandry; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Carriage laden with Dung, Lime, or other Manure to be uied for the Improvement of Land; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons redding in any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired lie, who shall pass through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Wor-- ship, within their respective Parishe.:, Townships, or Places tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church or publick Place of Divine Worfh p, or for visiting his sick Parishioners; nor for the Horses or other Cattle belonging to any of the Inhabitants of any of the Parishes, Townships, or Places through which the said Roads lead, going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places belonging to such Parishes, Townships, or Places, or going to or returning from being shoed or farried; or for any Horses or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmalter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or returning back therefrom; or for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and rode by them in going to or returning from their Place or Places of Exercise, provided such Per-T - son

47°georgii nr. scfn5. Cap. 13. 247

son or Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided or established for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claim-

ing such Exemption as aforesaid; or for Horses, Carts, or Carriages tra < veiling with Vagrants sent by legal Pailes, or in returning from carrying' such Vagrants; or for any Horses or Carriages employed in carrying ort conveying any Elector or Electors to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the County of Northumberland, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or the Day after such Election ill all begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum:rot exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, with any r

Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage whatsoever, pat's through any Land or p^j,; Ground adjoining to or lying near any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected evading upon the said Roads, the fame not being a Common Road; or if any Payment of Owner or Occupier of such Land or Ground, shall knowingly permit any io:’s Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle; Bealt, or Carriage to pais through the fame, whereby the Payment of any off the said Tolls, or any

Part thereof, shall be evaded; or if any Person Or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any l'icket determined by this Act directed to be given by the Collector of the Tolls, or shall forcibly pass through any Cate or Turnpike with any Horse, Cattle, Bealt, or Carriage, or shall at any Time or Times take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle or Bealt from any Carriage, whereby the:

Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Roads any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bealt, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or with fitch Intent shall unload any Goods from any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage,

every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who Compelling have already subscribed towards the Expence of obtaining and passing this Subfaibert Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, or any other Person or Per- to pay their fons who fit all hereafter become or agree to be a Subscriber or Subscribers j^criPtion for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, after Twenty Days previous Notice in Writing under the Handpf the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Trustees for

that Purpose to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by him, her, or them subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or such Part or Pans thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to bring or cause to be brought in the Name of their Clerk, any Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, against such Person or Persons so neg-.lefting or refusing as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,

wherein

2+8

Power to borrow Money or Mortgage of the Tolls.

Form of Mortgage.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 13.

wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and after Proof of I'uch Per ion or Perl oh, having subscribed or agreed to subscribe, and that Inch Notice was given as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, shall Be compelled to pay the Sum or Sums of Money .-fit by him, her, or them subscribed or agreed to be fubkribod as afo.-driu, together with full Coifs of Suit,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it {hah be lawful for the said ! Trustees or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to borrow and take up at Interest upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper, such Sum or Sums of Money as they or any Seven or more of them shall think fit, and they or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to demise or mortgage the said dolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpikes and Toll Ho life s for collecting the fame, during the Continuance of this Act the Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out or such Tolls) as a Security or Securities to any Person or Periods who shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money, their Executors, Adminifirators, and Assigns, for the Money so to be advanced, with Interest for the fame, which Writing or Writings may be made in the Form following, or in other Words to the Like Efleft; (that is to say),

‘ DY Virtue of an Act, passed in the F rty-seventh Year of t’rie Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for \Jiere Jet forth the Title of this

Acl~\ we Seven - of the Trufrees appointed fer putting the said Act in Fxe-

cution, in Consideration of the Sum of in

‘ Hand advanced and paid by A.B. of to the

4 Treasurer of the said Roads, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A.B. his Executors, Admini ft rotors, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls to arise upon the said Roads, and of the Turnpikes and Toll

Houses already or hereafter to be made and ereftecl for cotlefting the

‘ fame, as the said Sum of doth or lira 11 bear to the whole Sum now or hereafter to become due and ‘owing on the Credit thereof, to be had and holden from tins Day of

in the Year of our Lord for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest at and after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner

paid and satisfied

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purposeby the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and which said Book or Books shall or may at all seasonable Times be pe-rufed and inspected, without Fee or Reward, but no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls, after the Fir:! Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice be for that Purpose affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then erected across the said Roads, and also publifired in One of tire Newcastle. Newspapers, at leafi Ten Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest in or to such Mortgage, and the Principal Money and 2 Interest

47° GEORGII III. ScC 2. Cap. 13. 249

Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Pc rib ns whomsoever, by indorfin X on the Back, of Inch Mortgage Security, and in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the following Words or Words to the like Erteft; (that is to say),

‘ T The within named A.D. [or, I, C.D. Assignee, Executor, or Admi- Form of 1J nifirator of the within named A.B. as the Case may be~] do |hereby 1r2ns&r>

‘ transfer this Mortgage Security, with all my Right and Title to the ‘ Principal Money thereby secured, and to all Intered now due upon the ‘ fame, unto E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated ‘ this Day of

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, within Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in the said Book or Books, for which Entry the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of such Mortgage Security and Payment thereon, and every such Assignee may ia like Manner assign and transfer the fame again, and so toties queries, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such as the same shall be lad transferred to) to release, discharge, or make void the original Security, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tells by this Act granted, and on the said Turnpikes and Toll-Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their Securities.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacte% That it shall Notice to b-not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the f'ven before Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, in or from any inclosed Lands or inclosed Grounds, until Notice in Writing under the Hands of Five or more of the Grounds, said Trustees, shall have been given Twenty-one Days to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for him or her at his or her usual Place of Residence, to appear before Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Northumberland, at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials shall Hot be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, take, and carry away, such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself,'or his or her Agent, the said Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and rlfrftnally, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended; and the said Justices shall and may administer Oaths and award Coll: in hke Manner qs hereinafter mentioned, in'Cases of Difference in the Valuation cf Lands to be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act.

[Lee. Per.}

XX Wit. And

250

Penalty on Pc r»bns taking away Materials.

Power to remove and prevent Annoyances on the Roads.

Surveyorsmay

make Cause ways, Drains, and oth>ir Works.

4'° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 13.

XXVIII. And be it further flna&ed, That if any Person whomsoever shall take or carry away any Materials which shall have been digged or gathered for the Purpose of completing or amending the said Roads, or shall get or take away-any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have I ecn made for the Purpose of getting Materials fur the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Oaner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only and not for Sale i every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as he and they shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Ninfancy, Obstruc-tiofis, and Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads, by Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise; and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into the same to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, scour, and cleanse, and deepen and enlarge any Ditch or Watercourse adjoining or near to the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and also at the proper Season of the Year to cut down, top, or lop any Trees, Branches, or Bushes growing into the fame, or in the Banks or Hedges adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owner or Occupier of the Lands where such Annoyances shall happen to be, shall neglect to 10 do within Twenty-one Days aftei Notice given in Writing for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof, to be settled by the said-Trustees or any Three or more of them, shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such Trees, Branches, or Bushes, or by the Person or Persons occasioning or neglecting or refusing to remove such other Nuisances, ObstruGions, and Annoyances as aforesaid, which Charges shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Jh ifty Shillings.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Sur-

veyor and Surveyors, afld such other Person and Persons as shall be appointed by Order of the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, to hiake causeways, and cut Drains upon and through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads, and to erect and keep in repair Bridges and Arches on the said Roads, and also make Ditches or 1 renches in such Places ants in such Manner as such Surveyor and Purveyors, by Order of the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall adjudge necessary; and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or P.'.rts of the said Roads (not having a House or other Building thereon, and not being it Garden, Orchard, planted Walk of Avenue to to any House, or a Plantation or Nursery for Trees) to be made use of as a Road whilff the old Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made Me and Convenient for travelling, making such Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such GroundsTo to be uied, cut through, or built upon f , 1 lor

4=/ GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 13. 25

:fot the Damages which they or ary of them shall fudain thereby, as the said Trustees or any Tbreeor more of them shall judge reaforable; and in case any 1 iilVrence shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and the daid Tiudees touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be holdea for the said County of Northumberland.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees or powert() any Five or more of them, shall at any d ime or Times, during the Con- widen and tinuar.ee of this Act, think proper to widen, turn, or alter any Part or Foadi, Parts of the said Roads for shorter.ing the fame, or for the better Ac- c' commodation of Passengers, that then the Lid Trustees or any Five or

more of them shall have full Power and Authority from I line to Time to widen the said Roads, or to divert, alter, or tuin the Course or Path of any Part or Parts thereof, through or over any Moor or Wade Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and also through or over any private Grounds or Hereditaments, fiift making Satisfaction to the Owners and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may thereby sustain; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons intereded in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons intereded, or any of them, shall or may anyways fudain by such widening, diverting, turning, or altering of any Part of such Roads.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies pOWCr for Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and incapacitated all Feoffees in Trud, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other f>crfon5 to Trustees whomsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, Lands, Ceduique Truds, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever,

who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or intereded in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract and agree with the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages aforesaid, or to sell and convey to them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual in the Law- to all Intents and Purposes, any Law', Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Co'poraticirt Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trud, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Person1!, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and if any such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole,

Trustees, or any other Person or Persons intereded in any such Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or ihem given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House oi the ienant in Podefiionof the 1 ands. Grounds, or Hereditaments to be taken in and added to the said Roads, or into which such Roads are to be diverted, turned, or altered as aforesaid, shall,

(or the Space of Thirty Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid,

252 47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 13.

Tn rafj Fnegled or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason °‘ Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such tobsfu-a- ' Cafe the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall cause it to be cn-tooned. qaired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a July of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Northumberland (which Oaths any Two or mo;e of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damages will be Inflamed, by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking oi such hands. Grounds, or Hereditaments into the said Roads, or of turning such Roads into the fame; and in order thereto the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, a-e hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be or require, to summon and cal! before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) and they shall also order and cause the said July to view the Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Informat on in the Premises, as they the said Ti ultees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired or ascertained and lettied such Damage and Recompence, the said Trustees or any f ive or more of them shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said Sum or Sums of Money so a defied by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners, Occupiers, or Prop:ietors of or other Persons interested in the said l.ands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or inquisition and Judgement, Order or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming in Possession, in Fee, or in Tail General or Special, Reversion, or Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well sbfent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Occu iers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Perl ns anyways interested in such Lands. Grounds, of Hereditaments, shall upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid, thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and for the fuminoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants to t e Sheriff of the County of Northumberland, thereby commanding and requiring him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby equired to impannel, summon, and r.turn such Number accordingly and out of the Persons so impannelLd, summoned, and returned, or out of such of than as {lull appear upon such Summons, the said Tiuf-tet* ora . Flv or more of them shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who {had be the jury for the Purports aforesaid; and in Default of a fuf-

ficient

253

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 13.

fident Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honed; and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to the Number cf Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies. Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse tobe sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, or refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meamng of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined and give Evidence, arid from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as any other Forfeiture or Penalty herein mentioned, is hereby directed to be levied and applied, so that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff, or his Deputy, nor be more than the Sum of Forty Shillings upon any other Person for any one Offence.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recommence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the said l olls, or out of the Monies borro wed on the Credit thereof, to the Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Trustees, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall direct, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and shall be from thenceforth Part of the said Roads for ever after, and shall be repaired and kept in Repaid in such Manner as the Roads hereby directed to be made and repaired, are by this or any other Law to be repaired, and from thenceforth" all Parties and Persont whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments; and after any such new Road shall be completed, the Lands constituting such former Road, unless leading over some Moor or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be veiled in, and shall be fold and conveyed by the i'uid Trustees or any Five or more of them, for the bed Price that can be got for the fame, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Sale, or Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of such Lands or Grounds, being executed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, shall be good and effectual in Law to till Intents and Purposes whatsoever; but this Act: shall not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to any House or Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof first had and obtained, in Writing, under his, her An] 3 5 or

Money to be.' paid chargeable on the Tolls.

25+

Kow Es-pencesofjury shall be paid.

Walls or Fences to be made in Cases of Diversion of Roads.

47° GEORGII III. Seff/2.T0#.!3.

or th.-'r Hand or Hands; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no Person shall ad as a Trullee in any Case relating to the contracting for or purchasing of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, wherein he shall be interested.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any such LoL or Damage, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interefi;, or Property, or any Lois or Damage as aforesaid, then and in inch Cafe the Coifs and Expencts of sum-raoiiing and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses for ascertaining and determining the Value of any such Right, Property, or Interefi:, or the Lodes or Damages full fined as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Trustees; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Monies than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the fumntou. ing and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Ir.terest, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Coifs and Expellees of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be paid by the Person or Persons(with whom the said Trustees shall have had such Controversy or Dispute; which laid Colts ajid Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, not being interested in the Matter in question (who are hereby empowered and required to examine, settle, and ascertain the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Person*, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such C.oftsand Expepces, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herd:; after provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that in Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expences shall be paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees shall widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or make any new Road over and through any private Grounds, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made proper Walls or Quickset Fences, as the Case shall require, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Roads, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where necessary, out of, or upon, or under the said Roads, into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep the Quickset Fences so to be made in proper Order and Repair, for and during the Term of Six Years from the Time that such Quickset Fences shall have been made or planted.

47® GEORGGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.-ip ?<5

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenement*, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Pur- amounting to poles thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, 2001. Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex pane the Tniitees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settle* ment shall be ernfiing undetermined and capable of taking F.fTeft; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be in-vefied by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the 'l'ime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby direcied to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement "were made.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or when the Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and Compel.fa-belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any }'°n f1"11 Difibility or Incapacity aforesaid, shall be Iefs than the Sum of Two Hun- a,dVxceed ’ dred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds 20h

then and in all such Cases the same shall fat the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 13.

the raid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and he placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further gnafted, That where such where the Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next beforementioned, shall than jo'l ^vin Twenty Pounds, then and in al! such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or ul'ed for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the LTe and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Money al-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Prr-Jowed for fons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid ^a"have^C as aforesaidj shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to how to be the Satisfaction of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or shall charged and1- refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Per-tendered, &e. son or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just: and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

12

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 13. 257

XI,. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Refusing Quession shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to he paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank. Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Polkflion oi such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the PoflclTion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to "Be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Pofic?-sfion was a wrongful Possession, and that feme other Person or Persons was fir were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reafoq of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, nr Hereditaments to be settled to the dike Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of ail Purchases from Time to Time to be made ia pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Coils and Charges of obtaining such Order, to he paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of ihem, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That after the Road shall be completed, Old Road to the Ground constituting the former Road (unless leading to some Village, be kid. Town, or Place to which such new Road doth not lead) shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, for the best Price that can be obtained for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repair of the Road hereby intended to be made and repaired; and the Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of such Grounds, shall be by Bargain and Sale executed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland: Provided Preference always, that when any Grounds shall be fold in pursuance of the said last- to be given mentioned Power, the same shall be first: offered at a fair and reasonable Lands Price to such Person or Persons as shall have Lands contiguous to or lying adjoin!:. intermixed therewith, and to whom the Purchase thereof shall appear to be J 6 mod reasonable; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not xhen and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase the fame, any Affi !a-[ Loc. id for,] 3 X vit

Court of Chancery to direct the Payment of Ejipwcet-

vjf$$ 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 13.

vit to be made and sworn before a Matter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground shall be, by fomc Person or Persons no ways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of ^Id-Road or Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and there agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be ("efficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer w'as made and was not agreed to, or was refuted by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made [at tlx Cafe may A?J; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained By a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premites to be purchased by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this A<5; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to fli.ch Purchase made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis,

X4LILI. Provided always,' and be it enacted, That Lords of Manors and other Proprietors shall have the fame Interest and Property in and to the Boil and Royalties of or within such new Roads., as. they were seised or possessed of or entitled unto in the former Roads, and in lieu whereof such new Roads shall be made; and that all Mines, Minerals, dnd Fofiils lying under any Grounds made use of for the Purposes of this Act, and not constituting any Par: or Parts of the present Road, as well as under the former Road, shall continue to be the Property of the Person for Persons who would from Time to Time have been seised of or entitled to the fame in case this Act had not been made; and in case the Owner of any such Ground shall require a Certificate from the said Trustees of the Quantity and Situation of Ground so made use of, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered and required to'grant such Certificate gratis, and such Certificate may be enrolled in foe Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, and a true Copy thereof, signed by such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, shall be deemed legal Evidence of the same.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ail Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like-Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, and they,are hereby required and empowered, upon Application-hiade to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parifoes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Tlighways of every ftchPaiifo or Place, in lieu of or as

a.Can (or Inch Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her,

I ft A Ja pj

‘Saving the Rights of Lords of Manors, <kc.

Prrfom chargeable to

Statute Work to continue

r>-

Justices to

determine

Differences

touching

Statute

Work.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. 13.

or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer j and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Par.ifh or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Three Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subjlekt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Wqrk to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also tire Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and efteft for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Time (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order. and direct the Persons, who by such Lift shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compafrtion for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respefftive Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Pur pole, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Defauk, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, sgid Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove arid turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall he paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, arid applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such I l ls as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in fnlle or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum riot’exceeding Five Pounds.

26o 47-V GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 13.

Trustees may

XLV. And be it further chafed, That it shall and may be lawful to compound for an(j por the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Per-Work." fons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work, to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the 1 rea-surer of the said Trustees in advance, on or before the last Day of August in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Mile Stones

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five to ba erected, or more of them, shall and are hereby empowered and required to cause the said Roads to be meaftired, and Mi e Stones or Polls to be fel up on the Sides of the said Roads, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distances of Places, and also Direction Polls at the several Roads leading out of the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting to what Place or Places the said Roads respectively lead, as they or any Five or tnore of them strall think fit; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break down, dig up, injure, or destroy any of the said Stones or Poits which shall be so fixed or set up, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or Letters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or on any Part thereof; or cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone or Poll so wilfully or' designedly broken, obliterated, defaced, injured, or pulled ' down, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of Inch Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Nor- ihumberland, before whom such Conviction shall be made, One Moiety of such Forfeiture shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be laid out and employed in repairing the Stones or Posts so broken, pulled down, obliterated, defaced, or injured, or in supplying new ones in their (lead, and if there shall be an Overplus, the same shall be laid out in repairing the said Roads; and in case the said Penalty shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, that then it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons to the House of Correction of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month, or until the said Penalty, with the Charges of such Commitment, shall be paid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall draw or cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Roads any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon any Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriages, to drag or trail upon any I art of the

IVnalty on Persons drawing Timber otherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages.

z6i

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 13.

the Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter

made and placed in any Hedge or Fence adjoining any of the said Roads, shall be made and hung to open inwards towards the Field or Ground, and not to open towards the Roads; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to cause all or any of the Gates now erected in any such Hedge or Fence, and which opens outwards towards the Roads, to be altered and made to open inwards, in such Manner as diey shall think tit.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not by this Act otherwise particularly directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace of the said County, either by the Confection of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant for those Purposes, and to administer such Oath grafts') and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when so recovered or paid (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall from Time to Time be pah! to the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied in

ftutting this Act in Execution; and in case sufficient Distress shall nor be ound, or such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be fortwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, anu all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (save and except the Verdict of the Jury with respect to the Value of Lands in turning, altering, and widening the said Roads as herein-before directed) and for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before appointed, such Person tnay, within Four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have ariien, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, such Appellant first giving or caching to be given Ten clear Days Notice at least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal," and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two fuffleient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him or Her By the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and the said [Lee. is? Per.J 3 U—X Justices

Gate* to open inwards.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Allowing act Appeal.

262

Power to contrail for the Repair of the Roads.

Contracts to be binding.

Distress not to be unlawful for want uf Form.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form, &c.

Orders and Proceedings of the Trustees to be entered in i^Book.

45° GEORGII III. Stll.2. Cap. 13.

Justices at their said Sessions, on due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed in and hear, and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a luminary Way, and award such Cods to the Party appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, raising, widening, or repairing the said Roads or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Works to be performed in the Execution of this AT, in such Manner, or for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees or any Three or mere of them shall think proper.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts in Writing entered into, pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, shall be binding to all the Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Colts recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Fomi in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relative thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespaifer or Trespassers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties-distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action on the Cafe.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be dune or transaded in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quaffed for Want of Form, or be liable io be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any other of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees in the Execution of the Powers hereby to them given, shall from Time to Time be entered in a Book or Books to be kept 1 or that Puri pose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the lame Number of the said Trustees as, are in and by this Act empowered to make or direct such Orders and proceedings respectively, and shall be deemed and taken to be original Owners; which said Book or Books, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering the _ said Mortgages and Assignments or Transfers, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.;

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cep. 13- 263

LVI. And whereas many Offences may be committed against this Act £"g""nng!' by Persons unknown to the Collector?, Surveyors, or other Officers ap- offenders, pointed to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore enacted, that it mall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other officeis respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any fitch unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden for the District, Division, Ward, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, to answer to such Complaint.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor Power to the and Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as he and they shall appoint, to dig, take' and carry away any Limestones, Whinstones, or other Stones, repafrena ‘ Gravel, Sand, and other Materials proper or convenient for repairing the RoadS) &c. said Roads, out of any Waste or Common, River or Brook, in any Parish,

Town, Village, or Hamlet, wherein or near where to the said Roads or any Part or Parts thereof do lie, and for want of sufficient Quantities of such Limestones, Whinstones, or other Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, in the Places last described, then to dig, take, and carry away the like Materials out of any Waste or Common, River or Brook, in any neighbouring Parish, Town, Village, or Hamlet, without making any Recompence for the fame, the said Surveyor and Surveyors filling up, fencing, or levelling all such Pits and Holes as shall be occasioned by the digging for or taking away any such Materials, and making such Allowance and Satisfaction to the Person or Persons through whole Land or private Ways such Materials shall be led and carried, for the Damages done and occasioned thereby, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall judge fit and reasonable; and in case sufficient Materials cannot be gotten in such Wastes, Commons, Rivers, and Brooks as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor and Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees or any Five or more or them, to dig for and take away the like Materials out of the private Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being an open Quarry then working for Limeftore for the Purpose of burning Lime, and not being a Garden, Yard, Paddock, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to any House orinclosed Ground, planted, set apart, or used as a Plantation or Nursety for 'Frees, and that has been used as such for the Space of Seven-Calendar Months at least, next immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act) where such Materials are and may be found, and from Time to Time to carry away such and so much of the said Materials respectively, as the said Surveyor and Surveyors shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the said Roads, paying such Recompence for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of the respective Grounds, where, through, and from whence the same shall be digged and carried away, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Owners and Occupiers, or any of them, and the said Trustees, touching the Damage aforesaid, the Justices of the Peac«Jbr the said County of Northumberland, at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County next after

3 such

2-64

Form of CoBwftion.

Limitation of Actions.

[Public Act.]

Cosmeti cement and Continuance of this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 13.

such Difference, shall and may assess, adjudge, and finally determine the same.

LVIII. And, for the mere easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the office and Juffiees of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, as the Caff shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect:

DE it remembered. That on the Day of

in the Year of Ills Majesty’s

Reign, and in the Year of our Lord t A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Juffiees of the Peace for the said County, by virtue of an Act of the Forty-seventh t Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for [here fit forth the , Title of this Act, andffpeefy the Offence, and when and where committed.1 t Given under our Hands and Seals [or, Hand and Seal] the Day and t Year first above written/

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Ten Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County of Northumberland, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall and may, at his or their Election, plead specially or the General I flue. Not Guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Addon or Suit shall have been brought before Ten Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue, his, her, or their Addon or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

LX. And be it Farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juffiees, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect on the passing thereof; and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str.uja^ Printers to the King’s moss Excellent Majesty. 18oy,

County of Northumberland,

inty of

mberlaml) I

' wit> J

rf S'-

">304?

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. i:

Cap. 14.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two A&$, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge > in the County of York.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repaint g and 4 G. 3. c. 76. widening the Road from B"Vcrlrv to Ktxby B iJge, in the County cfYoik: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fiith Year of 25 G 3.

His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and c-II0-Powers of an Act passed in the Fourth Tear of the tteign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the Ciun.'y of Yoik: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by viriue of the said Acts have proceeded ro pot the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the Fid Acts, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Hoads comprized in the said Acts be properly amend J, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlcl's the Term g/inred and continued determined by the said Act? is further continued, and forpe of the ..Powers and Frovifiors thtreof altered, amended, and enlarged, an'ff it is nrctflary that the Toils granted determined by the said first recited Act (huuld be increased: May ft therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and wun the Advice and Conlenc of the [Loc. £s* Per.] 3 T Lords

270

The said Acts further continued.

Additional Trustees.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 14.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His fa d present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, CUufes, Matters, and 1 hings therein respectively contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except lo much and such Part or Parrs thereof as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and are hereby tuither continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair the several Roads comprized in the said Acts, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the f>me were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and tike Effect from the pafTicg of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now doe and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now etefted or hereafter robe Crested on the said Roads, as also to the Payment of all Sum- of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposrs of this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due for the Lme respectively.

If, And be it further enacted, That Peter Acklm, Mark Bell, John Bell, Francis Best Clerk, Charles 'Join Berkeley Doctor of Pti fi , Thomas Bowman Clerk, Cornel us Bowman, Robert Bowman, Richard Betheil, Christopher Bethel! Clek, James Bethel', George B tl el, Isaac Broad ley, Robert Carlile Broad'ey, Barnard Ioord Bowes, B.njamin Blades, Robert Ckrjlie Bwtcn, Rowland Crouton Clerk, Charles Constable Cic k, J'jtpb Cotman Cletk, PeterCotes Francis Ca-Jlable, Jojtua M ('die o t Clowes C e k, Fancis Drake Clerk, Robert Denison, John Dodjworth, Peter Deaton, Robert Dobjen Cle k, Henry F.Hifon, Richard FJlfn, Andrew Ewbank Clcik, Robet t Ellis, John Fleming, Timothy F. Foord, David Burton Fowler, Joln Fox the younger Clerk. "John G'inston, John Gilly C erk. He ry Gill, William GomarJa/l, S mue H It, John Hall, George Ho them, Thomas Hull D stor of Physic, Sir Charles Hot ham Baronet, James H rt ey Clerk, Peter Jackson, J bn Jackfin Clerk, Robert Johr.fin, George Knowjley, Jeremy Lijler, Teavil Leafin, Thomas Lenfin, D gby Le^ard, Thomas Lee, Robert Leighton, Francis Lundy the younger Cl rk, John Lockwood, Christopher M’ch.L, Marmaduke Constable Maxwell, Robert Raikss, Thomas Cutlet Rudfton Read Clerk, Robert Ramfiy, William Richardfin, Robert Ri,by Clerk, Sir Mark MaJlerman Sykes Baronet, Tat ton Sykes, Richest d Syk.s Clerk, Nicholas Sykes, Daniel Sykes, the Honourable William Stour ton, George Sampfin, S,r Thomas Sling-by Baronet, Thomas Sl.ngsby, John Singleton, William Spence, John Torre Clerk, James Torn the youngtr, Sir Henry Vavafon Batonet, Henry Made Mervin Vavafin, John Watts Clek, Ri hard Wait, Francis Watt, Sir George IVcod Knight, and Robert Wharton Clerk, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, shall be and they are hereDy appointed Trustees for executing this Act s and they, together with the Trustees appointed in or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be and are hereby declared Trustees for putting the fame and this Act into Execution. iifATI - I iv\ . \ tl

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. ix.

III. And whereas by the said Acts no Toll can be demanded and tfiken for any Coach, Chariot, Cala(h, Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by Three Horses, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken, before any Coach, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage shall be permitted to pals through any Gate or Turnpike now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Road or any Part thereof, such Tolls as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the Sums herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

For every Four-wheeled Coach, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by Three Horses, the Sum of One Shilling.

Which said Toll hereby granted shall be and tire fame is hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, levied, recovered, paid, applied, assigned, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Powers, Provifi ms. Remedies, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for thac Purpose, may and thry are hereby authorized and empowered to kfftn or reduce the Toll hereby granted, and to order such Toll so lessened or reduced to be collected and teceived in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit, so that such Reduction be no Prejudice to and be with the Conknt of Five Sixth Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of the said Tolls at the Time of making such Reduction; and the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise the said Toll again, or any Par: thereof, lo that the fame do nor exceed the Toll herein-before grantee? j and such Toll so reduced and raised again shall be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in such and the same Manner as the Tolls by the said Acts granted and continued are directed to be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue ail or any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erected in, upon, or acrol's, or by the Sides of, the said Roads, and to cause to be erected and fee up such Number of other Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, across, or by the Sides of, the f.iyl Roads included in the said recited Acts ana this Act, or any or either of them, <r in, upon, or across, any Lane or Way leading into, out of, or near to, the fame, and also such Number of Toll Houses, with fuirabie Conveniences thereto, and to indofe such Gardens for the said To‘l H <uses, as they may think fit, and to erect such Weighing Engines upon the said Roads as they shall think necessary; and from Time to Ti ne to cause any of such Gates, Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Buildings. and Weighing Engines to be taktn down, altered, or removed, as they shall jo-lgr proper, and to defray all the Expences thereof by and out of the Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees by virtue of the said recued Aug and of this Act.

271

Granting a new Toll in reIpeel of Carriages drawn by Three Horses.

Toll.

Toll veiled in Trustees.

Power to

reduce the Tolls, and raise them again if necessary.

Power to

continue the present and to ere ft additional Gates.

272 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Ccip. 14.

Trustees not

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Trustee (ha I act in the Ap. to a in the p0intment of any Clerk, Surveyor, Collect. r, Treasurer, or other Officer, irfOfficl"1 for the Purposes of this or the said recited Acts unless he shall have who have n!.t attended fomc Meeting of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Ac', attended and shall have signed the Proceedings thereof within the Space t.f Two Meetings. Years nnct before tuch-Appoimm nt shall fom Time to Time be made, any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Trustees may

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, Profrcutions,

sue and be Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whirfotver, tube had, Nameof16 taken, piofccuted, or defended,by or a^ainfl the said Trustees, shall be had, their Trea- taken, prolectued, or defended, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk; furerorClerk. and that no Action, Suit, Pri fecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding, to be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended, by or aga nil the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue of this or the said recited Acts or any of them, shall abate or be due ntinued by the Dcaih or Removal of any furh Treasurer or Clerk; but that the Treasurer, or Clerk for the Time bring to the said Trustees, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Informant, App-llant, Defendant, or Re-fponden', in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, App al, or 0 h r Proceeding as the Case shall be: Provider) always, that all and every such Treasurer or CIcfk in whole N me or Names any such Acrion, Suit, P olecution, Infoimaiion, Appeal, or other Proceeding, shall be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid our of the Munies anting by virtue of this or the said recited Act^, all such Cods, Charges, Damages,'and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appra', or other Proceedings, he or they shall pay, bear, fuftiin, expend, or be put unto, or become charge ble with or liable for, or be fairly emk'.ed to, by reason of his or their being io made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, 1 formant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, lClpundent or Respondents as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it fu' ther enacted, That in case any Difpuie, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywif relating to the said Toll , or to any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this or the said recited Acts, the Peif.m or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said T ultees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, determined by reason of hi , her, or their being lo appointed to collect the said Tulls, or acting under the Authority of the said T i uflees.

General ix. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of

xemptions. ^ctj a|j £xemp;jons granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall cease and determine, and that noTolls shall be demanded or taken fr any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Ho les employed in car-Tying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones. B icks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Ma truls for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Panlhcs in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or V Hay,

Toll Bar keepers competent Witnesses.

2

47° GEORGII III. Sefl". 2. Cap. 1.4.

Hav, Straw, or Coin in the Straw only, nor sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horics employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convex, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any M-mld, Dung, Rape Dull, Soot, Compoff, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or iinproying Lands, or f »r any oth=r Thing emp.oyed in the Management of any Farm or Lands,' or for any Herds or Cattle going to or returning from Failure and Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried; or fr m any Person going to or returning from his proper parochial Chury^i, Chapel, or other Place of religions Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on winch Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be i el< brated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that hull die and he buried in any of the Parishes in which the said Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any fkk Person, or upon other Ins parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horfrs, Cattle, or Carriages of whatfeev; r Delciip-ti- n, employed or 10 be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of Elis Majtily’s Poll Matter General, euhrr when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding speh Mails.or Ex reffes, or in returning back from conveying' the Line; or for any Horlrs, Carts, or Waggons attending any Sojdiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them, laden with their Aims or Baggage; or for any Elorlc, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or frr" ary Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exeicite,' provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their rtfj.tdive Corps and have thrir Arms, Furnitme, and Accoutrements, according to (he Regulations provided for Inch Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming ll,ch-‘ Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employe'll \ in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Palles; or for any Koffe,

Cattle, or Brad drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafli,

Chair, or Paficnper on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election-of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliajiient for the said County of York, or of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament ior the Borough of Beverley, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election flrall begin or be concluded; and if ary Person or Persons /lull in any fraudulent or coilufive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, net being entitled to the fame, every such Prrfcn lhdli forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Stun not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Inf ,rmer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Aids and this Act.

X. And be it further en ded, That all Persons who by Liw are or (11 li Statute be liable ro do Statute Work, cr or shall be chargeable tovUajasiLabour* repairing and amending the , Ro.ids tmraprized in the said Afis, cr any i Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable hereto in like Manner as heretofore; end it shall be lawful for any two of mo:e Justices of the Peace for the Town and Liberties of Beverley aiprrsaid, or for the East Kidintt of the"

O" o’- 3 2 2 ^County

274

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 14.

County of York respectively (the said respective Justices acting only within their separate Jurisdtdlions), and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways cf every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons c within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid j which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by ary L aw or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Day, Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-Time or Ilarveft), and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subjetfl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices dial) direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall negletfl or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Hotfes, Beast or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in fotce or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the Lid Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the

Person

47° GEORGII III. SciT.2. Cap. 14. <275

Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been font to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said P irilhes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowinaly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or Application agr. ed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, of Compen-or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of Counting the said Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to *"^1. any Body P li i k. Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust,

E*'Cu or, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Tn.fter, fm and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Cover:, or other Celluique Trust, or to any Persons whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in fbift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatfetver, such Money shall, in cale the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, w th all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act; to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be lignifird Jjy an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands,

Tenements,or Hereditaments,or affcdling other Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and fettied to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing \mdeteimined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Older of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Coure to be Icld for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Prc duce of the said Consolidated of, Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, determined by Order ..of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents

and

57

Application of Compensation if less than 200I. and exceeding 20 1.

Application of Com pen-fation it less than 201.

In case of not making out Titles.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 14.

and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament, purchufed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or 1 capacity as afefeiaid, shall be less than the Sum of 1 wo hundred Pounds, and flfbli exceed or be equal to the Sum of i wenty Pounds, then and in all such Cates the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land', 1 enemenrs, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, of used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be ft unified in Writing under their re-lpeetive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the P.ivity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in older to be applied in Manner herein-before dirtded j or otherwise the same shall be paiil at the like Option to Two Tiuftecs, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making loch Option, and approved of by Five of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act-' and this Act (such Nomination and Appro, bati n to bt signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and che Dividends.arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before dirtded, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Coure of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the-Ule of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fief or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue o( the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Sarisfadion of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament^ be not known or recovered, then, and in every such Case it shall and natty be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded'as aforesaid'to Ije paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of ih^ Accountant General of the Court

>47* G^OK-GII III. Sett. 2. Cap. 14*

of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenement.', or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controll), and Dispoficion of the said Coure of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person Or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, determined by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered ‘in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall Teem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Iotercft of ‘the ‘Person or Persons m. king claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Prem fes as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cathiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Where any Qtfeftion shall ause touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be QyeftionlhaH paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the f"ethe Title Account irtt General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, to the Money Tot the Porthafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any to be paid, Estate, Right, or Interest In any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ll*f p£r(°ns to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to F

«my Bank Annuities, to be purchased with any such Money, or the Divi- of the Land dends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who *t the Time shall havte been in the Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- «11l"

ments, at the Time of filth Purchase, and all Persons claiming under deemed enti-such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, tied thereunto shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, according to Tenement*, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the j"ch contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; u e *’ and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lsi\ds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or te some Estate and Interest therein.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by The Court reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- of Chancery poration, entitled to any Land.', Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority or the said recited Acts and this Act, the Expenses of Purchase Money for the same shall be reqmred to be paid into the Court Purchasesto of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tcne- he paid by ments, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the Tmfteet. the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Tline to Time to be made in pursuance of che fa d Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences us the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies [Ltc. V Per.] 4 A l0

277

278

Fi r paying

the Expences of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Coramence-mett and 'Dination of this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 14.

to be rec ived by virrue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay futh Sums of Monty for such Purposes as the fud

Court shall d r. S.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences

inc: ieot to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or the fi ft Monies which ibali ar:fe Or be nceived by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, in P r-ference to all other Payments whatsoever; and that after Payment thereof the Tolls authored to becolleSed by the said recited Acts and this Act thall, during the Continuance of the Tefrm hereby granted be and remain subjiS and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which shall or may here fier be borrowed and b<come due on the Credit t:f the Lid Tolls, and of all Interest due and to grow due respectively.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed for-and during the Residue now to come and untxpired of the Term granted and continued by the said Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, printers to ’the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 15-

An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Brampton to Longtown, in the County r of Cumberland; and for erecting a Bridge over the

Kj _ River upon the said Road.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Market Town of Brampton, through the several Parishes of Brampton, Irthing-ton, Scaleby, Kirklington, and Arthurct, to the Market Town of Longtown, in the County of Cumberland, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and some Parts thereof are in so ruinous a Condition as to be unlafe for the Passage of Cattle and Carriages; and the said Road cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, altered, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And whereas the said Road extends over the River Line, near to a Place called the Clift, which in Times of Flood is frequently impassable, and at other Times extremely dangerous for want of a Bridge being erected across the said River: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenr oi the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament act'embied, and by the Authority of the same, That Samuel Atkinson, Richard IV;Ham Batty, James Boujlead, Thomas Beil, Trustees. John Bowman, Thomas Benfoti, George Bhmirc, Thomas Blamire M. I). John Beck, Joseph Bowman, Lowry Calvert, William Dacre,

Isaac Dodson, Henry Fawcett, Rowland Fawcett, John For/ler, Reverend John Fawcett, Sir James Graham Baronet, James Graham, Reverend Fergus Graham, Thomas Graham, William Graham, Richara Graham, Charles Graham, Brovene Gritdeile D. D. James Graham [Coe. 6? Per,'] 4 5 of

28:

Power to ekdt new Trustees.

Qualifications of Trustees.

47* GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 15.

of Barrock Lodge, Henry Howard, John Hcysham M. D. Thomas Irwin, William John Johnson, the Right Honourable William Lowlier commonly called Lord Viscount Lowlier, Thomas Lawson, Join Lowther, William Law, William Lattimer, Reverend Thomas Lowry, Joseph Liddell, John Lojh, John Lowry, Richard Lowry, John Lattimer, Thomas Lattimer, the Right Honourable George Howard commonly called Lord Viscount Morpeth, George Stephenfcn Meunfey, Robert Mounjey, James Mounfey, Thomas Mounjey, John Philip, Reverend Thomas Pat-tinjcn, Thomas Ramjhay, Reverend Thomas Ramjhay, Rowland Stephenson, John Sutton, Reverend John Stamper, John Tomlinson, Thomas Wy-bergh, Edward Waugh, Robert Warwick, and Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane Baronet, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act inExecution; and that when and as often as any Trustee hereby appointed, or to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned shall die, or refuse, in Writing, to act as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the other Trustees for the Time being, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time to elect, and by Writing under their Hands to appoint One other Person, qualified as herein-after mentioned, to be a Trustee in the Room 6f each Person so dying or refusing to ad: Provided always, that Twenty-one Days Notice at the least of the Time and Place of every such Election shall be affixed upon each of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then Handing upon the Laid Road, and be advertised in some Newspaper printed and published at Carlisle or Whitehaven^, in the County of Cumberland, or at the Town and County of NewcnJlle-itpon-Tyne j and every Person who shall hereafter be chosen a Trustee in pursuance of the Directions of this Act shall be and is hereby empowered to ad in Conjunction with the other Trustefes for the Time being, in Execution of the Trusts and Powers of this Act, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been hereby named and appointed a Trustee.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act unless he shall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the actual Possession or in the Receipt and Enjoyment of the Rents and Profits of Messuages, L".nds,;Tenements, or other Hereditaments, of Freehold, Customary, or Copyhold Tenure, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprises, or shall be Heir Apparent to a Person having an Estate of Inheritance in such Freehold, Customary, or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds at the least j and in case any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or in Default thereof shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, one Moiety of which said Penalty shall be paid to the Proferutor, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the general Purposes of this Act; provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings which {lull have been done and performed by any such Person touching the Execution of this Act previous to such Recovery against him

as

283

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 15.

as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding the fame be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, that such of the said Trustees a? are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for any District to which the Powers of this Act iruy extend shall have full Power to act as Justices of the Peace in any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, (except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested) but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act in any Case where he shall be concerned in Interest, or during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at the Howards Hr ms, in Brampton, or at the Graham's Arms, in Longtown aforesaid, on the Tenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, or as soon after as conveniently may be, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and they shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn such their Meeting and Meetings to such Day or Days, Place or Places, respectively, as they shall deem expedient and proper for the Purposes of this Act, subject nevertheless to the Limitation of Time between each of such Meetings, and to the other Rules and Regulations for holding the same as herein-after expressed; and if there shall at any Time be fewer than Five Trustees present at any Meeting the y shall not proceed to Bjfiness, but such Trustees if more than Two shall adjourn the Meeting to such Time and Place as they may deem proper within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, but if there shall be only One Trullee present then such One Trustee, or the Clerk of the Trustees for the Time being, if no Trustee shall attend, shall in every such Case as last-mentioned, cause Ten Days Notice in Writing to be affixed on each of the Turnpike-Gates then erected on the said Road, or if no Turnpike shall be then erected shall cause the like Notice to be affixed upon the Doors of the Court Houses »f Brampton and Longiown aforesaid, requiring the Trustees to meet at such Place where the preceding Meeting was appointed to have been held, at any Time not exceeding Thirty Days next after the Day for which such lad Meeting was appointed; and in case it shall ever happen that no Adjournment shall be made at any Meeting of Trustees as aforesaid, or if any Adjournment shall be made to any longer Period than is allowed by this Act, or in case a single Trustee or the Clerk aforesaid shall in the Events lad herein-before mentioned neglect to affix such Notice for a future Meeting as aforesaid, then and in any of the aforesaid Cases, and as often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for any Five of the Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act, to cause Notice in Wri'ing to be affixed upon each of the Turnpike-Gates then erected on the said Road, and if no Turnpike shall be then erected to cause the like Notice to be affixed upon the respective Doors of the Court-houses of Brampton and Longtown aforesaid, at lead Ten Days, and not exceeding Twenty-one Days before any intended Meeting appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and at such Place as they the said Five Trustees shall think convenient; and the Trustees when met in pursuance of every or any such Notice or Appointment as before mentioned shall and may proceed to carry this Act into Execution.

Trustees who are also Justicet, of the Peace, may-aft as such.

Meetings of Trustees.

28 4

Meetings not to be adjourned for more than Eight Week a.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

rower to appoint

Officers.

Officers to account, &c.

470 G li O RGII m.

A IV. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting shall be adjourned to a more dillant Period than the Space of Eight Weeks from the Time of such Adjournment; and every Meeting shall be held between the Hours of Eleven and Five in the Day-time; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, except where the fame is or are hereby otherwise mentioned and allowed of, shall be made, iflfued, and done at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otbenvife, and the same shall not be valid unless a Majority of the Trustees present at each Meeting shall concur therein, such Majority not con-sifting of less than Five, who shall sign the fame in the Book or Books kept for that Purpose; and no Order, Determination or other Act made or done at a former Meeting, shall be revoked or'altered at any subsequent Meeting unless Nine Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Determinations, and other Acts and Proceedings of the Trustees under this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders so entered and signed as herein-before required, shall be deemed original Orders; and such Book or Books, and also the Book or Books containing the Registers of Mortgages, Transfers, and Alignments as hereinafter directed, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeals, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings touching any Thing done by the Authority of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Treasurer or Cashier, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also such Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, Surveyors of Roads and Buildings, and other Officers, with such Salaries or Allowances as they shall think necessary, and shall and may from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers as they shall lee Occasion, and in case of Removal, or of the Death or Retigna-tion of any such Officer or Officers, shall and may appoint a new one or new ones in his or their Stead; provided nevertheless, that whenever any Collector of the Tolls to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall die, relign, or become incapable of performing his Duty, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to supply his Place until the next Meeting of the Trustees, at which Time such Order shall be made for his Continuance, or for his Removal, and for the Appointment of another in his Stead, as shall seem advilable , any Thing hertin-before contained to the contrary notwiihstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons as shall be appointed by virtue of this Act shall, as often as required by the said Trustees, or any Five or moreot them render and deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, with the proper Vouchers of and for all Monies which they shall from Time to Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by Teafon of their respective Offices, and (Half verify such Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 15.

laid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer) and in case any Money so received by any such Officer or Person as last-rauitioneo shall thereupon be found to remain in his or their Hands, the lame shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall by Writing under their Hands authonfe and empower to receive the same, and Avail be disbursed and laid uut in the Execution of this Act, and not otherwise; and if any such Officer or Person dial 1 not make and render, or refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver up any Voucher or Vouchers relating 10 the fame, or to make any such Payment as aforesaid* or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or any Jove or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being the reunto required by any Five or more of the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers and Writings in his Custody or Power rc'ating to the Execution of this Act, then and in either or any of the Cases aforesaid the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or . Actions in the Name of such Trustees, or in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Treafufsr or Clerk for the Time being against every such Officer or other Person so qffeuding as aforesaid, for the Recovery of all Monies, Vouchers, Books, Papers and Writings which shall be in his Custody as aforesaid; or if Complaint shall tie made of any such Ryfufal or NtgleS as aforesaid, to any one or ovjfe Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall be and reftde, such Justicp or Justices may and is and are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his or thei. Hand and Seal, ot Hand-, and Seals, to order the Party (o offending to be brought before him or them, and qpon the Appearance of such Party, or on his not being to be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to hear and determine the Matter in a (unjmary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, and if upon the Conftflmn of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony o( aqy credible Witness ox Wirneffcf, upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall be convicted of any such Offence as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may upon such Conviction commit the Party so offending 10 the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be or reftde, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have made and verified such Account, and paid over all the Monies remaining in his Hands in Manner aforesaid, ct until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trutijtes, or any Five or more of them, and ba.ve paid inch Comp letion. Money (which Composition Money the said Trustees or any Five or mare of them are hereby authorised and empowered to take and receive) or until he shall have rendered and given up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direift, all inch Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid; or it shall be lawful ior such Justice or Justices, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to cause the Money remaining in the Hands of such Offender to be levied by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, or if no Goods and Chattels'can be found sufficient to answer ard satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of levying the lame \Loc. Per.] 4 C ' then

86 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2' Cap. 15.

then to commit every such Offender to the Common 1 ounry Gaol as aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise until he shall have made such full Payment, dr have made and paid such Companion as aforesaid: Provided alway?, that no Person who shall be lo committed by virtue of this Act fli II remain in Prison for any such Offence longer than Six Calendar Months.

VIII. And b‘e it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of chem shall require and take such Security or Securities from their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers for the due Execution of their respective Offices, and for the Payment of all Monies to be received Dy th nt respectively in the Course thereof, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall judge proper: Provided always, that no Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, Cider, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of holding any Place of I rust or Profit under this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and they are hereby authorized and required to canfe Two or more Turnpikes or Toll-gates to be errded upon or across the said Road, fthat is to say), One of such Turnpikes or Toll-gates at forr.e convenient Prt of the said Roa ! between the Lid Market i'< wn of Brampton, and a certain Bridge called Ir thing Bridge, near to Walton Hotife, and the other of such Turnpikes or Toll Gates at Lome convenient Parr of the said Road between the said Market Town of Longlown, and the South End of the int-nded Bridge to be erected over the River Line, at or near a certain Place'called the Clift; and also such Turnpikes upon or near the Sides of the said Road across any Lanes or Ways leading into the same as they shall think proper; and also a Toll-House adjoining or near to every such Turnpike; and from Time to Time to remove or alter the same as they shall think meet or expedient and may if they thi k proper cause a sufficierrt Piece of Ground for a Garden to be set out and inclot, d to every such Toll-House; and such Tolls shall be demanded and taken at each of the said respective Turnpikes or Toll-Gates which shall be eted’d upon or across any Part of the said Road befo-e any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall Irom Time to Time order and direct, not exceeding the Tolls following; (that is to say),

For every- Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Phaeton, Chaise, Calaffi, Chair, Hearse, or Litter, if drawn by Six Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, Two Shillings; if drawn by Four Horles, or other Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; if drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, Sixpence; and if drawn by One Horse, or other Bead of Draught, Three-pence:

For every Waggon having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, and drawn by any Number of Horses, Oxen or other Cattle, not exceeding Eight, One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and drawn by any Number of Horses, Oxen, or other Cattle, not exceeding Six, One Shilling:

For every Cart having th’e Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six

Inches,

Turnpikes

where to be erected.

Power to take Security from Officers.

Victuallers not to held Places of Profit.

287

47° GEORG 11 nr. Sess. 2. Cap. 15.

Inches, and drawn by any Number of Ilorfcs, Oxen, or other Cattle, not exceeding Four, Nine-pence:

For rvery Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Cattle, One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horles, Oxen, or other Cattle, Eight-pence; and drawn determined by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Cattle, Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beall:, Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, Three Halfpence:

For every Score of Oxen, Bulls, Cows, Steers, or Heifers, and so in Proportion for a larger or less Number, Sixpence:

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, and so in Proportion for any larger or less N umber, Three-pence:

Which said respective Tolls shall be and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said respective Collectors of the Tolls, or other Person or Persons whom they or any of them shall take to their Atliftance therein, to seize or distrain any Horse, or other 1 Bead, or Cactle upon which any such Tolls are by this Act imposed, belonging to any Person or Persons so neglecting or r< fusing, or liable to pay the foils as aforesaid, (except the Bridle or Reins of any such Hurle, or other Bead separate from such Horse, or other Bead) and it such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didreis and of detaining and keeping the fame, shallnoc be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining shall and may fell the Horse, or other Bead, or Cattle so fe zed and didrained, rendering the Overplus, (if any) on Demand to the Owner thereof after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted.

’ :c vi,l;.i K his!-artt _/; V) o.

X. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person shall be liable to pay more than Once for patting or repafiing at any Time or Times in any one Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the C'ock in the succeeding Night) with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Caniages respectively through any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, but that every Person after having paid Toll Once, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, shall afterwards be permitted to pass with

' every inch Horle, Cattle, or Carriage, Toll-free during such Day through any of the said Turnpikes for which such Person or Persons shall have so paid Toll Once during such Day, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby requited to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen touching the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of taking, keeping, or felling any Distress which shall be taken by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Person dillraining to retain the Didrefs, or the Money arising from the Sate thereof, until the Quantity of such Tolls, or the Charges of feizine, detaining, and disposing of such P'ft refs as aforesaid, [as 'the

Gast

No more thaa One Toll to be taken in One Day.

Disputes to be settled by a Justice,

288

Tolls how to be Apjilied.

Trustees may contrail with Persons for widening the Road, &c.

Tolls may be

varied or teduced.

47° GEORGII I. III. ScfT.2. Cfif.15.

Cafe shall happen j, shall be afcei tained by some Just'Ce of the Peace for the C >unty, Place, or District where such Dfpute shall arise, who upon Application made to h:m ior that Purpose shall examine the Matter upon Oat,) of the Parties, or any Wi'nels or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered toadniinift r), and shall determine the Quantity of the Toll due, and a'so mTfts the C>fts and Charges of fitch Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and aft other reasonable Costs and Charges, all which Sum or Sums of Mon-v so deern'ined and assessed shall he paid to the Collector before he shall be obhgtd to teiurn the Distress or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls or Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act the fai- Trustees or any Five or more of them flva'l in the first Place pay all the Expences incurred by and in relation to the obtaining and paflittg this, Act, and shall af terwards apply the lame in paying the Interest of the Moni-s to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and in defraying the Charges and Expences of making, erecting, repairing, maintaining, removing, and altering, such Turnpikes and Toll-Houses as aforesaid, and such Bridge or Arches, Drains and Ditches as shall be necessary to be made, repaired, or maintaimd; and the Lx-pences of repairing ahering, turning, and widening the said Road, and in making good the Damages which may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of Houses and Lands as herein-after mentioned j and in paying the Purchase Money for such Lands as shall be bought determined by virtue of this Act, and in defraying all other Expences relating to the Execution of this Act, and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, are and is heiebv empowered to enter into any Contract or Contracts in Writing with any Person or Persons for widening, repairing, turning, diverting, or altering the said Road or any Part or Parts thereof, and for building or repairing any Toll Gate, Toll House, Bridges or Arches upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, and for doing all necessary Works relating thereto, or required to be done by virtue of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall seem fair and reasonade; and such Contracts shall be binding upon all Parlies; and Damages and Colts shall and may be recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, (with the Consent of such Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Two Third Parts or Shares in Value of the Monies which shall be due on the Credit of tins aft) to vary, alter, or reduce the Tolls to be taken pursuant to this Act from 1'ixne so Time as they may judge proper, so as every such Alteration be made proportionably, and so as no such Alteration be made at any Tine after the first Meeting, unless Notice in Writing of the Meeting to be held for making such Alteration be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon or across the said Road, and be also advertised in fame public Newspaptr published and circulated within the said County of Cumberland, at least Fourteeen Days before such Meeting, and such Tolls so varied, lessened,

7 or

389

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2, Cap. 15.

or altered, shall and may from Time to Time be ralfed again, so as the fame do not exceed the Tolls granted by this Act, and shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Toils hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five s^bd8 or more of them, may and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time £°pou" e as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time, with any Person or Persons for all

er any of the Tolls to be paid by such Person or Persons for and in respect of any Carriages, Horses, Cattle, or Bealls travelling on the said Road, provided such Composition Monies shall be paid Six Calendar Months in Advance to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road, and in Default of any such Payment the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall from thenceforth be void.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Wri- ie ting under their Hands and Seals, to lease the Tolls arising within

or upon the said Road, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, unto any Person or Persons from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years, not exceeding Three Years, for the bell Rent that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, and to such Person or Persons, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or mors of them, shall direct or appoint,

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Provision* Persons shall with any Horse, or other Bead, Cattle, or Carriage whatso-

ever, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining or lying near to any , DS ° *' Turnpike or Toll-Gate to be erected upon the said Road, the fame not being a public Highway, for the Purpose of avoiding the Tolls, or if the Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse or other Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided, or if any Person shall forcibly pass through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, with any Horse or other Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Road, any Horse, or other Beast, or Cattle, or any Goods, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls or any of them, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and besides such Damages and Punishments as they shall be otherwise liable to by Law, whereof one Moiety shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the general Purposes of this Act.

XVIII. And whereas some Parts of the said Road lead over, or,-by Power to diverting the fame, may lead over open Grounds, and the Payment fence off

of ;he Tolls hereby granted may by reason of the Width thereof be avoided, Parts of Road be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or moTe of kadingover them, shall and may cause to be fenced and ditched off, such Parts of the Ground said Open Grounds as they shall think necessary. In order to prevent the Payment of the said Tolls being avoided, j Lee. JVr.J 4 D

&9°

"Exemptions.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 15.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle going unladen for, or being laden with, or returning after having gone laden only with any Materials for repairing the said Road, cr any other Highway or Road, or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not so'd or disposed of, but passing to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses, Barns, Yards, or Closes of the Owner or Owners thereof or returning empty therefrom, cr for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages going with or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to any of the said Inhabitants, or for any Cattle going to or from Plough or Harrow, or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Coal, Turf, Pear, or other Fuel or Lime, Marl, Dune, Mould, or Compost of any Kind whatsoever to be employed in Husbandry, or for manuring or flocking of Land, but for no other Purpose, or for any Horses, or other Cattle or Carriages employed in the conveying of any Person or Persons going to or returning from an Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to feive in Parliament for the said County of Cumberland, on the Day of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded, or going to or returning on Sundays, or any other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to 'be celebrated, from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious TVdrfiiip, which shall be situate within the same Parish in which any Turnpike or Poll-Gate shall be eretfted, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die, and be buried in any of the Paiilhes or Places in which the said Road hereby directed to be repaired lies, or from any Clergyman going to perform, cr reluming fioin his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from visiting his sick Parishioners, or for any Cattle or Carriage employed only in carrying Corn to or Grift from the neared or such other Mill as shall be used by the Owners of such Corn respectively, or for any Carriages or Horses employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning from conveying or guarding the fame,

or for any Horse, Ox, Cow, Sheep-, or other Cattle going to or returning from any Padure or Watering Place, or from being shoed or farried, or for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage ol any such Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, ordifabled Officers or Soldie-s, or for any Horses, Carts, cr Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Hoise, Mare, or Gelding furnirhed by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Person shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements,-according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid; and if any Person shall by any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, such Person shall forfeit and pay foreve y such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 15. 291

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said to Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seak to assign over the said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike-Gates and Toll-Houses lor collecting the fame, (the Charges of such Mortgages or Alignments to be paid out of the said Tolls) to any Person or Persons for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the several Sums that shall be borrowed, with the Imerelt thereof, which Alignment shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following:

T>Y virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year Form of

« of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, " At) Act [Jet Alignment. ‘ forth the Title of the Acl\ We of the Trustees acting

‘ in the Execution of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

to the Treasurer of the said Road by the said Act

‘ directed to be repaired, in Hand paid by

do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Propor-

tion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sutn of

doth or shall bear to the

‘ whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the said Tolls,

‘ to be had and hclden from the Day of for

‘ and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with lawful Interest; for the fame, shall

‘ be sooner repaid and fa'.isfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

Ar.d Copies of all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Look to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, but no Money shall be borrowed unless Notice be for that Purpose given in some New (paper published or circulated within the said County of Curii* be rland, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll-Gates which shall be then Handing upon the said Road, at lead Fourteen Days before the borrowing the reol; and all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form atoreliiid, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Iments and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesairl, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit in and to the said Security, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, in the Presence of One credible Witness, which 'iransler shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

1 Do transler the within Mortgage, and all the Principal and Interest Form of

‘ 1 now due thereon, unto Executors, Transfer.

‘ Administrators, and Aligns. Witness my Hand and Seal this

Day of .*

AH which Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who Hull cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book to bekepc

for

292 47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 15.

for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Smti of One Shilling and no more; and after such Entry made every such Transfer shall entitle the respective Assignees or Persons to whom the same shall be made, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and every such Assignee shall and may in like Manner assign and transfer again, and so toties queues, and it shall not be in the Power of any PeTfon making such Ashgnment or Transfer afterwards to make void, release, or discharge the fame Security, or any Monies thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in proportion to the Sums therein respectirely mentioned Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll-houses, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates of such Mortgages or Arguments.

Power to

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said widen the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause the said Road or any Road, remove Part or Parts thereof to be widened, altered, turned, improved, repaired, andtodeanfe anc* kept in Repair, when, where, in such Manner, and so often as they Ditches, See. 0T any Five or more of them shall judge proper; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for them or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons employed for that Purpose, from Time to Time to remove all Annoyances made on any Part of the said Road by Dung, Ashes, Filth, Rubbish, or Straw, or by any other Things or Means whatsoever, and to abate, remove, take down, fill up, and carry away the fame, and convert the Materials thereof for the Benefit of the said Road, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, Ditches, or Drains running along, into, or out of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, also to open, scour, cleanse, deepen, or widen any Watercourses, Sinks, Ditches, Drains, or Arches adjoining or near to the said Road, and to cut down any Trees, Shrubs, Wood, or Bullies, at proper Sealant of the Year, growing in the fame Road, and to lop or top any Timber Trees, and to cut down, lop or top any other Trees, Shrubs, Wood, or Bushes growing in the Hedges or Banks adjacent to the fame Road or within Twelve Feet of the Centre of such Road, and to take and carry away the fame and convert and dispose thereof for the Benefit of the said RoaJ, and to reduce all Hedges running along the Sides of the said Road to the Height of Eight Feet, in case the Person to whom the same shall belong shall neglect to remove or abate such Annoyances, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen, such Watercourses, Sinks, Drains, Ditches, or Arches, or to cut down, lop, top, or remove such Trees, Shrubs, Wood, and Bushes, and reduce such Hedges, for the Space of Ten Days after Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees, or under the Hand of the Surveyor or any other Person employed in or about the said Road; and the Charges of removing and abating such Annoyances, and of opening, scouring, cleansing, deepening, and widening such Watercourses, Sinks, Drains, Ditches, and Arches, and reducing such Hedges, shall be recovered from the Person or P r foils neglecting so to do after such Notice as aforesaid, in such Manner as other Penaltes and Forfeitures are to be recovered under this Act; and such Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect after such Notice given

293

47° GEORGII IH. Sess. 2. Cap. 15.

shall likewise for every Yard in Length of such Watercourses, Drains, Ditches, and Hedges so neglected to be opened, scoured, cleansed, deip-encd, and widened, or reduced as aforesaid, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, and to be recovered in Manner aforesaid; and if any such Person shall af er wards offend in like Manner, he or she shall for every such subsequent Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for she Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to make and ered or cause to be it ade and erected a good and sufficient Bridge of the Width or Breaath of Sixteen Feet at the lealt, over and acrois the River Line near to a Place called the Clift, or at such other Place aciofs the said River, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall deem moll convenient and proper, for the Passage of Ilorfes, Cattle, and Carriages over the fame, and also to make or cause to be made Cause-ways in or along the Side of the said Road, and to cut and make Drains or Watercourses through any Lands lying contiguous to the said Road, and to eied and keep in Repair all necessary Bndges and Arches of Brick, Timber, or Stone thereupon, and to cause Ditches or Trenches to be made in such Places and in such Manner as the said Trustees or auy Five or more of them shall adjudge necessary for the better amending and keeping the said Road in Repair, and also to make a temporary Way or Passage through, over, or along the Grounds adjoining to any hollow, narrow, or ruinous Parc or Parts of the said Road hereby intended to be repaired (such Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, or planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, Plantation, or Nursery of Trees), to be made use of by all Passengers with or without Horses, Cattle, or Carriages as a Road while such hollow, narrow, or ruinous Road is repairing or widening, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient; the said Trustees nevertheless making such reasonable Satisfadidn to the Owner or Occupier of such Ground through which any such Di ch, Drain, or Watercoutfe, or on which any Arch or Bridge, or through, over, or along which any such temporary Way or Passage shall be made, for the Damage which he or she shall or may thereby luflain, as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees and such Owner or Occupier, or, (in case of any Difference concerning the same) as shall be assessed and adjudged by the Ju It ices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be bolden for the said County, on the like Notice and in like Manner as herein-after mentioned, in c-ife of any Diipnte respecting Materials being got out of and from any private Lands or Grounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cut, dig, gather, take, and catry away any Stones, Grave!, Sand, Furze, and Heath, or any other Materials proper for repaiting the said Road or other the Purposes of this Act, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste Grounds or Commons, or from any River, Bro >k, or Beach (but not within One hundred Feet of any Bridge, Drain, Wear, or Highwater Mark, and so as the Banks of the River shall not be thereby endangered, or the Courfeor Run of the Water be altered or diverted) in any Parish or Place in which any Part of

[Lcc.'&l’er.'] 4E the

Power to make a Bridge, Cauieways, Uc.

Power to get Gravel and other Materials.

294 47° GEORGII III. SeflT. 2. Cap. 15,

the said Road lies, or in any neighbouring Parish, Town, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor or other Persons filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off, or (loping such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if such Quantities of Stones, Gravel, Sand, Furze, Heath, or other Materials proper and sufficient for that Purpose, cannot be had or found in or upon such Waste Grounds or Commons contiguous to that Part of the said Road intended therewith to be repaired, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, out of, from, and over the Lands of any Person or Persons (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Grounds, planted and set apart as a Nurlery for frees), paying or tendering a sufficient Compensation in Money for such Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners or Occupiers of such private Lands out of which any Materials shall be gotten, or over which the same shall be conveyed; and in case any Dispute shall arile between the said Trustees, and the Persons entitled to such Compensation concerning the Amount of such Damage, the Justices of the Peace at the first General Quarter Sdllons, or at the second General Quarter Sessions at the farthelt, to be holden after such Difference shall arise, in and for the County or District where such Difference shall arise, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Pany to the other, shall upon Application for that Purpose, by or on behalf of either Party, hear, settle, and determine the fame; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted,. That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making or repairing the said Road in or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds until Notice in Writing under the Hands of Five or more of the said Tru(le< s shall haveheen given Twenty-one Days to the Occupier of the Premises from which tuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for him or her at his or her usual Place of Residence, to appear before Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Cumberland, at such lime and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall feeni proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herlelf, or his or her Agent, the said Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, a.siully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended; and the said Justices shall and may administer Oaths, and award Costs in like Manner as herein-after mentioned in Cases of Difference in the Valuation of Lands to be taken and uled for the Purpufcs of titis Ad.

Penalty on

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner taking away or Occupier or any Ground or Soil, or any Person whumtoewr shall take

Notice to be piven before Materials are taken from inclosed Grounds.

47" GEORGII Iir. Sess. 2. Cap. 15. 295

away any Materials which shall have been dug, gathered, or prepared for the s of this Act, or if any Owner or Occupier of any private Ground shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Twenty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of such Pit or Quarry foT his private Use, and not for Sale), every such Person lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause to be obstructed, assaulted, person8'"n® interrupted, or hindered, any of the said Turnpike Surveyors, or any paged in the other Person or Persons by them, or any of them, or by the said Trustees Execution of or any Five or more of them, employed in the cutting, digging, taking,

or carrying away of any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for widening, altering, or repairing the said Road or any Part or Parts thereof, or in removing any Annoyance, or in topping, lopping, cutting down, or removing any Trees or Bushes as aforesaid, or in digging, cleansing, or scouring any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, or in doing any other Act for the widening, repairing, diverting or altering of the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or otherwise in the Execution of the Powers by this Act given, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of widening, Powertopur. turning, diverting, altering, and improving the said Road, it shall be ck*ie La‘lds lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, to contract and

agree with the Owners and Proprietors, and other Persons interested in any Lands or Grounds lying convenient for that Purpose, for the Purchase of such Lands or Grounds, or for the Damage which may be sustained by such widening, turning, diverting, or altering any Part of such Road, and to pay for the fame, and the Expences of such Purchase and Agreements, out of the Tolls by this Act granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to take and use, for the Purposes of this Act, any Yard, Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Grounds planted and set apart as a Nurlery for Trees, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof firit had and obtained.

XXVIII. And whereas it may happen that some Bodies Politick, Cor- Purchjfes porate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or

in Tail, or for any other particular Lflate or Interest, Femes Covert, Ktick°, and ° Trustees, Guardians, Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executots, Ad- others dif-ministrators or others, are or may be seised or possessed of Lands, Grounds ab'ed ^om and Hereditaments, which may by the said Trustees be thought necessary convcy‘ng' or proper to be taken in and added to the said Road, for turning, widening, altering, or amending the lame; be it therefore further enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Xail, or for any other particular Eliate or Interest. in Possedion, Femes Covert and their TIu(bands, Trustees, Guardians, and Feoffees in Trust,

Executors,

296 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 15.

Executors, Administrators, Committees, and Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of ihemielves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of any Infants, Lunaticks, or Ceftmque Trulls, and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised or pt fltffcil of or interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to treut, contract, and agree with the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, for the Sale of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Lancfto^he

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politick or ascertained Corporate, or other Owners of or Person or Persons interested in any

by a Jury. such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, or any such Feoffees in Trull, Ex-

ecutors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees, shall refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Lands or Grounus, or for their Interest therein, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, the said Trustees shall within Ten Days at the least before any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Coun.y, cause Notice in Writing to be given to such Owners or Persons interested. Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, or Guardians, and other Trustees respectively, or to the principal Officer of any such Body Politick or Corporate, or to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Grounds intended to be purchased, purporting that the Value thereof will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions, then and in every such Case the Justices of such Sessions, upon Proof made to them of such Notice having been given or left as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury w'hich shall attend at such Sessions, or some other Jury of Twelve hontft Men to be there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County, without Fee or Reward, and cause them to befworn well and truly on their Oaths to assess the Value of the Lands or Grounds mentioned or described in the said Notice, and the Damages or Recompence to be given for the fame, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be intended to be taken and used for the Purposts of this Act, to the respective Owners and Persons interested a< cording to their respective Interests therein; and the said Trustees and all Fer-fons interested shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jury when they come to be sworn; and the said Jury, being so lwotn and charged as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given (which Oath, and also the Oath to the said Jury, the said Justices are hereby authorized and requited to administer) concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Value of such Lands or Grounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, and also after having viewed the Place in Question (it judged r.ecessary by the said Justices in Sessions assembled, on Application of the said Trustees, or any of the Parties interclfed) shall by their Ven ift assess, declare, and ascertain, the Quantum of the Damages and Recompence to be given for the same to such respective Owners and Persons according to heir respective Interests therein, and such Verdict of the said jury shall be final, binding, and conclusive to the said Trustees, and to all Persons and Parties, interested in the said Lands or Grounds; and the said Justices shall and ntay award Colts to either Party as in their Discretion shall ieem meet.

47° GEORGII I. IT. Sefl2. 'Cef. 15. 2^7

X^X. And (ie it1 further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in How Ex-or deliver a Verdict or AlTeflinent for more Money as a Recorapence for Jury'll be \he Right, liuerelt, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or paij. Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained than what shall have been agreed and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other known Agent, before the summoning and returning of the Jury as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, and Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Cods and E.pences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of the Money in his Hands to arile by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Ver-dist or Assessment for no more or lets Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees ar any Five or ni re of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, liuerelt, or Property or Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Colts and Expences of summoning andmaintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Differences shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Conrroversy or I'ifpute, which said Colls and Expences having 6ecn ascertained and settled determined by some Justice of the Peace of the said County, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby’ required to examine and settle the fame at a Time and Place to be by him. appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him lor that Porpose) shall and-may be deducted out of the Money lb alls fled and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for fheTJie of such Person or Persons, and the Payment oy Tender of tin Remainder of such Motley shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Pin-poles to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum oh Sums so aflckled’and adjudged, or ctheiwife, such Calls' and Expences, in case the lgme be not paid upon Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered, by the Cleric to the Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provid. d always, that in aft Trustees to Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Abfe'nce pay Expences have been prevented from treating w.th the said Trustees, such "he" I,erson* Cells and Ejtoences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in from Absence

>, c r J ‘ J are prevented

Manner aforesaid, from treating.

XXXI. And he dfurther enacted, ThatallSums of Money so assessed as afore- On Payment said, shall be ami they are hereby charged upon the Monies which shall be of the Pur-collected or raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid thereout accord- =hafjj-Mo,iey ingly by the said Trustees or by their Treasurer, to the Persons respectively temadTuf* entitled thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof to such of. ' Persons or their Agents, or depositing the fame in the Bank of England, in M-mner by this /eft directed, [<w the Case may be~] such Lands and Grounds shall to all Indents and Purposes whatfeev-r become and be deemed and taken to be',a Public and Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the la d Road for ever, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by inch Ways, Means, and Methods, and in all respects in such Mai ner, ps. the High Roads within the Parish or Place where such Lands or Grounds armfi.mated, are by Law and this Act to b; kept in Rena r

V*-vr<' 0 it ‘S

298

Application of Compen-

fati n wlieti amounting to loot,

pplication here the ^ompenfa-don shall be iefs than aool. and exceed 20.

47° GEORG! I III. Sess. 2. Cap. 15;

and all Persons and Parties shall for e*er thereafter be diverted of all Right and Title to such Lands or Grounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreetf or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall b long to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the B_nk of England in the Name and with the Pi ivity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or arteding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Dirtdion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, wh ch shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court t f Chancery, up m Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds/>rr Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends, and Annual Produce of the said Consolidared or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall amount to or exceed the Sum ot Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, 0; Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their

Guardian

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 15. 299

Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, a' d approved ofby Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act,

(such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Patties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXIV. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next brfoie mentioned shall where the be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall Money islefi be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time thanio1* being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use anJ Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per- Money a!W.

fons to '= hom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid ed for Lands, as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the &c. pur-Satisfaction of the 'isaid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Hull f1 1

re*use to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Per- a°d tendered, son or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall b? so ordered &c.

to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the fad Sum or Sums so awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said I ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferring the m'] subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofirion of the said Court, which laid Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall he and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invclled in the public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to therespectiveEstate or Estates,

Title, or interest, of the Person or Persons making claim th.reunto, and to make such other Order in the Pretnifes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person

3oo

Respe cling

disputed

Titles.

Court of Chancery to direct the Payment of Expences

Froperty of Turnpikes, ike. vested in the I ndices.

470 GEORGII lit; Seir;2.' 'Cupi^:

Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sutn or Sums of Money intolhe

Bank, as aforesaid.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Questicm shall arise touching the Title of any Perfq'n to any Money ro be paid into the Bank: of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Pilate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuiiies, the Person or Pc Tons who (ha 1 have been in FoiT.-flron of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons clainrng under such Person or Persons, of under the Possessiuii of such Person or Persons. shall be deemed and taken to hav'. been la«lully entitled to-such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments recording to inch Pofltffion, until the contrary shall be fhevvn to the Satisfaction of tire laid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall he paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to Inch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Ft'« or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVI1T. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of and in all and every the Turnpikes, Toll-hou!es, Buildings and Bridges, and also all Walls, Rail', Stile.--, Polls, and Pences, which shall belong to the fa;J Road hereby directed to be made and repaired, and acto all Tools, Implements, Stones, Gravel, and other Materials, to be purchased, gotten, or had, for r< pairing the said Road, shall be and are hereby vetted in the said '! ru'lees, and they are h reby atithoried and empowered to dispose of the lame as they (licit think fig or to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute or order to be pr,fared and prosecuted any Indictment or Indictments in the Name or Names of ar.y One or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Clerk, against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, (leal, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy, any of the said Turnpikes,

47° GEORGII i III. Seflt 2. Cap. 15 301

Toll-Gates, or Toll-Houses, Buildings or Bridges, or any of the Materials and Things aforesaid, or who shall ditturb the said Trustees or any Person employed by them in the Possession thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Road shall be completed Old Road to the Ground constiiuting the former Road (unless leading to some Village,

Town, or Place, to which such new Hoad doth not lead) shall be velted in and fh dl and may be fold and conveyed by the said 7 rultees, or any Five or more of them, for the belt Price that can be obtained for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repair of the Ro:.d hereby intended to be made and repaired; and the Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of such Grounds shall be by Bargain and Sale, executed determined by the said Trullees, or any Five oi more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk, of the Peace for the County of Cumberland.’. Provided always, that when any Grounds shall be fold in pursuance of the said lad mentioned Power, the same shall be fird offered at a fair and reasonable Price to such Person or Persons as diail haveLands contiguous to or lying intermixed therewith, and to whom the Purchase thereof shall appear to be mod rea-lonable; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase the fame, on an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Mader Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Piece or Pieces cf old Road shall lie, by some Person or Persons no ways intereded in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or ether Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made [as the Case may be ]; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the fame and he, lire, or they, and the said Truf-tecs or any Five or more of them, shall differ and not agree with rel'pest to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with resptd to dif-puted Value of the Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as heTein-before directed with lefpecV to such Purchase made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Powertoput or more of them, shall cause the said Road when set out and made to be down M‘1* measured, and Stones or Pods to be placed in or near the fame, with ftonet’ &c' Inscriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places as they shall think proper, and also Pods at the several Roads leading out of the said Road hereby uireded to be altered or repaired, with Inscriptions thereon directing to what Place or Places the said Roads reflectively lead, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think lit; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, damage, or pull up any of the Mile-Stones or Pods already erected, or hereafter to be erected upon or near any Part of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon, and be thereof [Lee. & Per.] 4 G convicted

3C2 4-7° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 15.

convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, or by Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One credible Wir-ness, such Person or Persons foj offending shall forfeit and cay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Offence, to be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned.

Persons already liable to do Highway Duty, not to be exempted by this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Towns, Purilhes, Hamlets, and Places, and the Inhabitants thereof. Bodies Politic and Corporate, and the Members of the lame, who before the passing of this Act have or hath ul'ed, or of Right ought by reason of the Tenure of any Lands or Hereditaments, or on any other Acc uut or Accounts, to repair any Part or Parts of the Road hereby intended to be repaired, or any Bridge or Bridges, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be subject and liable to and charged and chargeable with the repairing and beeping the fame in Repair, in the same Manner as they or any of them have or hath heretofore usually been or would have been in case this Act had noc been ma ie.

Ferfoiu XLB. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by

bt*cureWc-’° ^aw are to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and

tocontinuefo. amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as here-deter-iine to^ore i and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices Differences of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, and they are hereby retouching bta- quired and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said 'l’ruf-tute Work. tees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work thail every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such S atute Work as aforesaid, shall be by bim, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be exprtffed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons} of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the] Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the resptd.ve Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoinr, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be tubjed and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall, from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also

order

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 15. 303

order and direct the Persons who by i'och Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid,* to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Pa ment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorised or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their hit or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hcrfe or Horses, Bead or Bealls, to be provided by him her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person fending such Labourer, Team, or Draught, shall be subject and liable ro the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if such Team or D aught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case rde said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Purishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Traders may Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby autho- compound rized and empowered to compound with any Person or Persons who are to repair by reason of their Tenure or otherwise, and with the several Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places through which the said Road hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part or Parts thereof, do or shall lead, for the Repairs aforesaid, and for the several Days Statute Work, or other Work to be by him, her, or them respectively done upon the said Road, at and for such Rates and Sums of Money by the Year or otherwise, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and the Inhabitants or Occupiers respectively, shall agree upon, which said Money shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, and be laid out in the Repairs of the said Road.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall haul, draw, or cause to be hauied or drawn, upon any Parc of the said Road, any feefon the"’ Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Ri'aJ> "i:h-

SL, C"-

3&4 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 15.

Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of such Road to th" Damage or Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Penalties how

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Forfeitures, Penalties, veredand' and Fines hereby infiifted, or authorized to be imposed (if the Manner

applied. of levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall

upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall be and reside, either by Conreflion of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justices is thereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant or War-ranis under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered and requred to grant for those Purposes,) and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deduced, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, shall be, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, from Time to Time, paid to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer, and applied in Repair of the said Road, and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorised and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Person or Persons offending shall live, or where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfkd.

XLVI. And for the more easy and speedyConviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form of Words; videlicet,

Form of County of 1 BE it remembered. That on Conviction to wir J ‘ in the Year of our Lord

‘ A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the ‘ Peace for the said County of [specifying the Offence, Time, and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be]. Given

under my Handjand Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.

Power of XLVII: Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per-Appeal. son or Persons shall think himself, herself or them lei ves aggrieved by aoy Thing done in pursuance of this Act, a Remedy whereof is not

3 hereby

47°. GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 15. 3°S

hereby otherwise, or at any other Time, provided for, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County or Place wherein the Caul'e of Complaint shall arise, within Six Calendar Months after the Cauio of Complaint shall have arisen, the Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor of the said Road, and within ten Days after such Appeal entering into a Recognizance before feme Justice of the Peace for such County or Place with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Colts, as shall be awarded by the Jultires at such Quarter Sessions, and the Justices at such Sessions upon clue Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the enteiing into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and the said Justices shall and may in every such Case, and in every other Cafe of Appeal directed by this Act, award to the Parties, Appellants or Respondents, such Costs as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this to be unUw. Act the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or

Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice,

Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in NoA&ion »ny Action for such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Ten- to be brought c er of Satisfaction and sufficient Amends shall be made by or on behalf if Satisfaction of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be com- or

mined any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court (udi Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had Proceeding* touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, not ^bere-or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted Certiorari in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed erothenvif^ for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have Money how subscribed or shall subscribe Money for and cowards making, repairing, tobereco-

[!«.& ftr/| , H EtSd?,

§ubftfriber9*

3o6

Treasurer to account every Year.

Erpences of

obtaining the Act to be paid out of the Tolls.

Limitation of Actions.

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 15.

turning, diverting, or altering the said Road, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum so subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof, within such Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands authorize to receive the same, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, and in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer for the Time being to the.fiid Trustees for making and repairing the said Road shall render and make up his Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements upon Oath, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, to be holden next after every Midsummer Yearly, to be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, and kept among the Records of the said County, and such Accounts may be inspeSed by any Person or Persons gratis, who shall and may take Copies of all or any Part thereof, paying for the same the Sum of One Shilling and no more.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the same to the Time of Payment, shall be paid and defrayed out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or collected by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies due on the Credit of the Tolls collectea on the said Road, and to grow due and to be bor. rowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LIIT. And be it further enacted, That no ASIon or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or after f ufticient Satis-faSion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, orjafterSix Calendar Months next after the FaS committed; and all ASions and Suits shall be brought, laid, or tried in the County or Place where such Matters and Things respectively shall be committed and done, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such ASions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such ASion or ASions, Suit, or Suits, shall be so brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Tiling shall appear to be so dune, or if it shall appear that such ASion or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such ASion or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the n J 4 Jury

3°7

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 15.

Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein, and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either or any of the Cases aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Publick Act.' taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicial-y taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls and Commences Powers hereby given, shall commence and take Effect on the Day on nientand which the Trustees shall hold their first Meeting, and shall be put in Ter?J?f Execution and continue in force from thenceforth for and during the 11C c ’ Term of Twenty-one Years then"! next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Cap. 16.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, " for amending the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge, to the " South End of Wilderfpool causeway, and from <c the Town of Frodsham to Act ton Lane End, " in the County of Chesterfo far as respects the Chester District of the said Roads, and for extending the fame from the present Termination thereof at Flookerjbrook Bridge aforesaid, to the North End of Coho Lane Bridge, in the County of Chester, and for making a new Road from such proposed Extension of the said Road to the North End of ^ueen Street, in the fame City.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twenty.sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of tVilderJpool Caujeway, and fn-m " the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the To snship of " Ashton, in the County of Chester several Tolls, Duties, and Powers [Loc. y Per.] 41 were

IO

Rrciiing ih’t the Tiuflces of th Chester Difllifl have proceeded in Execution of the Act of j6 Geo. III.

That it is re-ccfiary to fe-pirate the Districts. That it would be of public Benefit if the Road between Flook-er (brook Bricge and Cow Lane Bridge were made Part of the Chester District.

And if a Communication were made from such Road to the North End of QueenStreet.

Said Act further continued.

470 GEORGG II III. Sess. 2. Cap. 16.

were granted for repairing and widening the respective Districts or Divisions of the said Road in the said Act mentioned; and it was thereby enacted, that such Part of the Roads in cite said Act comprised as lies between Flockerjhrcck Bridge aforesaid, and the Market House within the Town of Frodsham, and between the said Market House in the Town of Frodsham and A jit on Lane End aforesaid, (houk) be called the Chester District or Division of the said Roads, and such Part of the said Roads as lies between the said Market House in Frodsham, and a cerrain Sign or Place called the Saracen’s Head, near the South End of the said causeway called WildcrJpool Caujeway, in the Township of Appleton, Ihoultl be called the Frodjiam District or Division of the said Roads: And whereas the Trustees appointed by the before-mentioned Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Chejer D:strict of the Roads therein comprised, have proceeded to put the fame in execution so far as respifts the lame District, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the fame District, which (fill remain due, and by reason of the great Length of the Road within the same District, and the Expence of procuring Materials proper for the Repjir thereof, and other Circumstances, the said several Sums and the It.terest thereof cannot be paid off, ner can the said District of Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions in the said Act contained be altered and enlarged, so far as respects the said Chejer District of the said Roads; and it is necessary that the Tofts granted by the said Act within the said Chejer District of the said Roads should be increased: And whereas it is expedient that the Chejer District of the Roads comprised in the said Act should be separated from the Frodjiam District of the fame Roads: And whereas it would be of great public Utility if the Road leading from Flookerjrcok Bridge aforesaid, to the North End of a Bridge called Cow Lane Bridge, across the Chejer Canal, at or near the North End of Cow Lane, in the City of Chejer, were made Part of the Chejer District of the said Roads, the said Road being much out of Repair, and not capable of being properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary course of Law; And whereas it would also be of great public Advantage if a new Road of Communication were made from the said Road lying between Flookershrock Bridge and Cow Lane Bridge aforesaid, at or near a House within the Liberties of the said City of Chejer, in the Occupation of Charles Whittingham, to and across the said Chejer Canal, to the North End of Queen Street, in the said City of Chester, and if the fame were made a Part of the Chejer District of the Roads comprised in the said Act: But the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected with-outthe Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acc and aft and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, and Clauses therein contained (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except such as are herein-after varied or repealed) subject co the Provisions, Alterations, and Amendments hereinafter contained, shall be and continue in full Force for and during the Term herein-after mentioned; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall

311

47° GEORGII III. Scfl. 2. Cap. 16.

shall be executed, and shall extend, apply, and have relation as well to the making, widening, repaying, and maintaining the Roads comprised in the Chester District of the said Roads mentioned in the said recited Act, together with the said additional Road from Flookersbrook Bridge to the North End of Cow Line Bridge herein-before described, (and which is hereby declared to be a Part of the Chester District of the said Roads comprised in the said recited Act,) as also to the making, widening, amending, and keeping in Repair the said new Road of Communication from the said Road lying between Flookersbrook Bridge and the North End of Cow Lane Bridge aforesaid, at or near to the said House in the Occupation of Charles Whittingham, with a Bridge across the Chester Canal to the North End of Queen Street, in the said City of Chester, as hereinbefore described, (which laid new Road of Communication shall also be deemed and taken to be Part of the Chester District of the said Roads, and to be a Public Highway) in as full and ample a Manner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Act were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and the said new Road of Communication, and the said additional Road from Flookersbrook Bridge to Cow Lane Bridge aforesaid, had originally made Parc of the Roads included in the Chester District of the Roads comprised in the said Act; and that this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the said recited Act, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act and this Act, and the Ir.terefl due or to grow due thereon respect-tively; but so nevertheless that no mo*e than the Sum of Four hundred Pounds in the Whole shall be borrowed or taken up at Intereston the Credit of the said additional Term, and the said Tolls hereby granted, or any of them, for the Purposes of this Act, and so that by and out of the Tolls hereby granted the Interest of all the Money already borrowed by virtue of the said recited Act shall be discharged, and the said Road from Fiodsham to Flookersbrook Bridge aforesaid, kept in Repair by the Means in the said recited Act and this Act mentioned, previously to the Application of any Part of such Tolls for or towards defraying the Expence of making any of the Alterations or Improvements authorized to be made by virtue of this Act, between Flookersbrook Bridge and Cow Lane Bridge aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of the City of Chester for the Time being, the Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary in Chester, for the Time being, William Henry Addijon, Thomas Armitstead, Clerk, Richard Ashhurst, Richard Ashhurst the younger, Edward Atherton, William Atherton, John Nevett Bennett, Samuel Nevett Bennett, James Bennett, Samuel Bennett, Joseph Brown Clerk, Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, Brooke, John Delves Broughton, Samuel Broadkurst, Samuel

Brittain of Upton, Samuel Brittain of Chester, Thomas Bradford, George Cafe, Charles Cholmondeley, Richard Congreve, Robert Foulkes Currie Doctor of Medicine, William Currie the younger, John Drake, John Edmondson, Thomas Edwards Clerk, Samuel Farmer, Sir Stephen Richard Glynne Baronet, John Lejkervyle Glegg of Withington, John Bajkervyle Glegg of Necton, the Honourable Richard Grovejnor commonly called Viscount Belgrave, Henry Grey, William Hay garth, John Hay garth the

younger,

Rond from

Flookerf-brook Bridge to Cow Lane Bridge, declar'd Bart of tht Ctiefter District.

Additional Trustees is the Chester District.

312

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 16.

younger. Heavy llejketh the younger, Peter Heron, John Hill, Rowland Hill Clerk, Plodgkinjon Ch rk, Ilugh Robert Hughes, John

Sorton Hughes, John Stewart Hughes, Samuel Hmkpbryes, Roger JecJon the younger, George Jacjon, Shallcross JacJon cl Bebbmgton, Thomas Jenkins, David Francis Jones the younger, James Kelfall, Egerton Leigh the younger, Peter Leigh Clerk, Henry Augu/tus Leicester, Samuel Lightfoot, John Hignett Either land, John I.ycn, Joseph Lyon, John Stanley Majfey, Charles Stanley MaJJey, James Stanley Majfey, Henry Stanley Majfey, the Honourable Edward Majfey, Sir ‘Thomas Mejlyn Baronet, Charles Mor-rall, the younger, Charles Mytton Cleric, Thomas Moulfon, John Moulfon, George Moulfon, George Parker, Richard Gerrard Perryn, Sir George Beejion Prejcolt Baronet, Francis Richard Price, Domville Poole, Henry Potts, Charles Potts the younger, John Reece, James Rider, William Richards, Thomas Roberts, William Roberts, Thomas Roberts of Newton, John Swarbrick Rogers, Sawkins Clerk, Sir Thomas

Stanley Majfey Stanley Baronet, John Thomas Stanley, Thomas Sadworth, Robert Taylor, Majeie Taylor Clerk, Edward Venables Townshend, Edward Tomkinjon the younger, James Tomkinjon the younger. Clerk, Edward Vernon the younger, Thomas Walker, Thomas Ward the younger, George Wilbraham the younger, Robert Williams, Edward Williams, William Henry Worthington, John Tates, John Brock Tates, Edmund Tates, Tates the younger, of I nee, and their SurcelTors to be hereafter elected and chosen under the Direction of and in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Act, shall from and after the passing of this present Act be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or elected in pursuance of the said recited Act; and the said Trustees hereby appointed, and their Successors, together with the Trustees appointed by or elected in pursuance of the said recited Act, are hereby contlituted and appointed Trustees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads comprised in the Chester Dittrice of the Roads in the said recited Act mentioned; and also for putting in execution the said recited Act and this Act, and the several Powers and Authorities therein and herein contained or referred to, so far as the fame relate to the Chester District of the said Roads.

Trustees net

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein tomakeihe contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the said new Road of Trustees to make the said new Road of Communication from the said tioD'but at' Road lying between Flookersbrook Bridge and Cow Lane Bridge aforesaid, the Request to the North End of Queen Street aforesaid, unless the Company of Pro-snd at the prietors of the Chester Canal Navigation shall apply to and request the said' fhePChcftc°/ Trustees to make the fame, and shall in the first Instance advance and pay Canal Com- into the Hands of the said Trustees such Sum of Money as shall be necessary pany. for defraying the Expence of making such new Road of Communication,

and the 3ridge over the said Canal, and of purchasing the Land through which the fame Road shall be proposed to be carried; and shall by Writing under the Seal of the said Company undertake and agree well and sufficiently to maintain, repair, and uphold the said Road and Bridge at their own Costs and Charges, at all Times after the same shall be so made , so that if such new Road of Communication shall be made, the said Company of Proprietors shall be at the whole Expence of making, repairing, and upholding the same.

4/ GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 16.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said ne-v Road of Communication shall be so made at the Request, Costs, and Charges of the said Company of Proprietors of the Chester Canal Navigation, the Land constituting the present Road from Cow Lane Bridge aforesaid, to the Point where such new Road of Communication will join the said Canal, shall be absolutely vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors.

V. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall upon any Emergency be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Dry to which the respective Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in Manner in the said recited Act directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice,) and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meeting shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment: Provided always, that no further or other Business shall be entered upon or taken into Confederation at any such Meeting so to be called upon an Emergency as aforesaid, than such as shall have been signified and particularly set forth in the Order or Notice for calling such Meeting.

VI. And whereas the several Tolls granted by the said recited Act within the Chester District of the said Roads are insufficient for the Purpose of paying the Annual Interest of the several Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the same Act, and for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads comprifrd in the fame District j be it therefore further enacted, That all and Angular the said several Tolls shall from and after the passing of this Act cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and that in lieu thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded, taken, collected, and paid at each and every of the several and respective Toll Gates, Toll Bars and Turnpikes, which have been or shall be placed, set up, and erected, in or upon the Chester District of the said Roads, or in or upon the Side or Sides thereof, or across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Barouche, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Caravan, Chair, Cala(h,.or other such Carriage, Hearse or Litter, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain, Tumbril, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle (Calves excepted,) thr Sum of One Shilling per Score j and so in proportion for any greatce or less Number:

3*3

The prefea; Road from Cow Lane Bridge Co the Place where the new Road will join the ChesterCanal to be the Property of the Cheller Canal Company. Meetings on Emergencies.

Repealing former Tolls and granting new ones.

Tolls.

3*4

No Exemptions 10 be taken (or Narrow-s«i etlid Carts.

General

Exemptions.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 16.

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Eight-pence per Score: and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said several and respective Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken shall be and the same are hereby respectively vested in the said Trustees for putting the Lid recued Act and this Act in execution, and the fame and every Parr thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, varied, reduced, assigned, and disposed of in such, and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Retiring and enforcing the due Payment thereof, and with such Penalties for the Non-payment or Evasion of the fame, and Rich Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Exemptions, as are contained in the said recited Act with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, and as are herein-after contained.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar no Exemption from Toil shall be claimed for or in respect of any Waggon, Carr, nr other such Carriage having the Wheels of Six Inches in Breadth on the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies thereof, if the Tire doth not lie flat, or so flat as not to deviate more than One Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, or which shall not have the Nails counterfunk so as not to rife above the Surface, or for or in respect of any Cart or other Carriage, which, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads " in that Parc of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages of the same Kind respectively, and laden with such Goods, Matters, and Things as do not exempt the fame from the Tolls hereby or by the said recited Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty imposed j and it shall be lawful for the said Trusteesor any Five or more of them to order all such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as are directed for weighing Carriages by the said last-mentioned Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by this Act shall be demanded or taken at any Gate within the Limits of the said Chester Diflrice of Roads, for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed only in drawing any Cart or Carriage laden with any Dung, Soil, or Compost of any Kind, or other Manure for the manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toil be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Hori'es employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Towjiships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, or Potatoes, Turnips, Parsnips, and Carrots not iold irr disposed of, but pnfling to be laid up, or placed in the Out-houfts, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, or Hoifc employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty

to

3*5

4/ GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 16.

to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Thing; employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, nor for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to or returning from being fboed or farrird; nor from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Srrvice is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die, and be buried in any of the said Parishes; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Minillerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be Celebrated; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Ex;>reffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Piace appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided by such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming fu h Exemption as aforesaid 5 nor for any Horses,

Carts, on Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fenc by legal Pafies; nor for any H rfe, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau,

Berlin, Calafti, Chair, or Passcnger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Chesteran the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day. after furh Election shall begin or be concluded; ai.dif any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person Pnall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the PurpoLs of the said Act and this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as any F- appoint-Collector of the said Tolls or other Officer shall die, or misbehave him- inS Collect-lclf or herself, or become incapable of performing his or her Duty, it "rsoccol‘en-shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Public Meeting in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to diiplace such Collectors and other Officers so mill behaving or becoming incapable of performing their Duty, and appoint others injheir Stead; and also in the Stead of such of them as shall fodie; and all such Collectors, and other Officers (o appointed, shall have the fame Authority to act in the Execution of their respective Offices as the Person or Persons whom they shall so fuccceu was or were veiled with, until the said 1 rustees or any Five or more of them shall at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act appoint a Collector or other Officer as aforesaid.

316

Collectors of Tolls compel nt Wit-neflcs.

Trustees may compound for Tolls.

Orders made

at Annual Mectinns not to be revoked but at an Annual Wetting.

T'uHees of the Chester District to take down certain Premises for the li e of the Road.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 16.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arift, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls or the Recovery thereof, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the lame or any other Person or Persons ac ting by or under the Authority of tht Lid Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls, or by reason of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Fifteen or more of them, from Time to Time at their General Annual Meeting, to compound for any Term not exceeding one Year at any one Time with any Person or Persons for any Carriages, Horses, Beads, or Cattle travelling on the said Road, for all or any of the said Tolls to be paid in respect of such Carriages, Horses, Beads, or Cattle, and such Compohtion Money shall be paid in advance Quarterly or otherwise, as the said Tiulkes shall think fit, and in Default thereof the Com-pofkion to be void.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Trustees at any of their General Annual Meetings for or concerning the carrying the said recited Act or this Act into execution, shall be revoked, repealed, or set aside by any subsequent Order of the said Tri ftees, unlels such subscqutnt Order be also made at a General Annual Meeting.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacred, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Chester District of the said Road, or any Person or Persons by their Order or Appointment acting in the Execution of the said recited Act or of this Act, or either of them, to take down, tike in, remove, and vary the several Buildings, Gardens, Lands , and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof herein-after particularly specified, and lay the Sites thereof into the said Road, and to get Rock Scone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials out of such specified Gardens or Lands (that is to say) Part of a Timber-Yard within the Liberties of the City of Chester, belonging to Samuel Davies, and in the Occupation of John Fletcher; Part or two several Gardens in the Liberties of the fame City, belonging to and in the Occupation of Albin Minjhull -, Part of a small Garden in front of a Dwelling-house in the Liberties of t ie lame City belonging to and in the Occupation of Samuel Davies-, Parc of another Yard or Garden within the same Liberties, also belonging to and in the Occupation of the said Samuel Davies; a Porch or Projection in front of a Dwtlling-house in the Liberties of the fame City, belonging to Samuel Smith, and in the Occupation of John Burton-, Parc of a Clolc or Parcel of Land in the Liberties of the lame City, lately converted into Kitchen Gardens, belonging to John Cox, and in the Occupation of John Rogers and John Nickjon -, Part of a Gaiden or Outlet near Ftookershrook Budge, in the Liberties of the lame City, belonging to and in the Occupation of John Williams; Part of a Garden in Hoole in the said County of CheJIer, belonging to Samuel Cooper as Lcfiee thereof under the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, and in the Occupation of George Millins-, Part of another Garden in Hoole aforesaid, belonging to Thomas Povoell as Lessee thereof under the said Earl, and in the Occupation of

- John.

3*7

47° GEORGII III. Sess. i. Cap. 16.

John Higginson, Lewis Lloyd, or one of them; Part of a Garden in Mickle Tr afford, in the said County of Chester, in the Occupation of John Reece as Lessee thereof under the said Earl j Part of another Garden in Mickle Trafford aforesaid, in the Occupation of Mary Harrison as Lessee thereof under the said Earl; Part of another Garden in Mickle Trafford aforesaid, belonging to the said Earl, in the Occupation of ffUliam Griffiths; Part of a Garden in Dunham on the Hill, in the same County, belonging to Susannah Egerton, Widow, as Lessee thereof under the said Earl, and in the Occupation of Richard Dentil b; Part of a Dwelling-house in Helsby in the same County, belonging to Eaton Widow, as Lessee

under the Right Honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, and in the Occupation of Martha Bate; Part of a Cow-house and Stable in Helsby aforesaid, belonging to and in the Occupation of John Lewis Part of a Barn in Helsby aforesaid, belonging to Thomas Webster Clerk, and in the Occupation of Thomas Bate; a Dwelling-house in Hetherlon in the same County, belonging to John Savage, and in the Occupation of John Gore and Martha Percival; for the Purchase of which said Cottages or Dwell-ing-houses. Buildings, Gardens, Lands, and Premises herein-before mentioned and described, or of such Part or Parts thereof respectively as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think necessary, to be made ufc of for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or any Person authorized by them or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers thereof, and Persons entitled thereto, and interested therein respectively, in such Manner and under the fame Powers artd Provisions as are given and granted in and by the said recited Act for ascertaining and settling the Value of any Lands or Hereditaments (not being Common or Waste Land) to be taken and made use of for the Purposes thereof, and as are herein-after contained.

XIV. Provided always, That for and notwithstanding any Thing in this Act or the said recited Act, or any Proceedings under the fame, all Bodies Corporate, and all and every other Person and Persons, being Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, or Committees of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Annuities, or any Sum or Sums of Money which have been given or are liable to the amending or maintaining of any other Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridge or Bridges thereon, shall remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof in such Manner as they were before the making of this Act, and that all the Inhabitants of the Parishes, Townships, and Places in which any Parts of the said Road lie, and all other Persons liable to perform the Work, commonly called Statute Work, upon the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall remain subject to the Performance of such Work.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Survey-

[Ltff. fc? Per.] + L ors

Persons, &e. chargeable to Highways to continue so.

Justices to

determine

Differences

Couching

Statute

Work.

47#: GEORGII lit. Sess. 2. Cap. 16.

ors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, (tall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, atfome Place to be exjprefied in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by La* subject and liable to do Statute-Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the selective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons v.ho by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hor'fe or Horses, Benft of Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force arid effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hefcby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person (laall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or retufed to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wit-

fully

3*9

47° GEORGII III. SeflV z. Cap. 16.

fully give in false or imperfett Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeic and pay any Sum no: exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse or Horses, Afs or

Asses, Cattle or Swine, shall be found wandering or departuring upon or };*"/wm* on the Sides of any Part of the said Road, the Owner or Owners of such derirgor de. Horse or Horses, Afs or Asses, Carde or Swine, shall respectively forfeit pasturing in and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings to the High-be recovered in such Manner as the other Penalties are by the said recited waX3*

Act directed to be recovered and levied j and the Surveyor and Survey orsof the said Roads, and all and every other Person and Persons, is and are hereby authorized to canfe all such Horse or Horses, Afs or Asses, Cattle or Swine, as shall be found wandering or depafluring upon the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, to be impounded until the Complaint against the Owner or Owners thereof can be heard before some one of TIis Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Chester, in case the Offence shall be committed within the said County, or for the City of Chester in case the Offence shall be committed therein, or until the Owner or Owners of such Horse or Horses, Afs or Asses, Cattle or Swine, shall pay the said Penalty, without having such Complaint heard before such Justice of the Peace; and in case such Complaint shall be,heard before such Justice of the Peace, and such Justice shall convict such Owner or Owners, and order such Penalty or Penalties to be paid, then such Horse or Horses,

Afs or Asses, Cattle or Swine, shall remain impounded until the Penalty or Penalties shall be paid, over and above the usual Fee to the Proprietor or Keeper of the Pound where such Horse or Horses, Als or Asses, Cattle or Swine, shall be so impounded} and if any Proprietor or Keeper ofany such Pound shall release any such Horse or Horses, Afs or Asses, Cattle or Swine, which shall be fc impounded as aforesaid, without the Consent of such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons so impounding, or until such Penalty or Penalties shall be paid, every such Proprietor or Keeper shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and in case any Person or Persons shall disturb or molest the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons leading or driving such Horse or Horses, Afs or Asses, Cattle or Swine, to Pound as aforesaid, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; which said several Penalties before mentioned shall be applied towards the repairing of the said Roads, and to or for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XVII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by For securing Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed vanfitntOi. to put this Act into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be fcn"ers' lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offeoce or Offences, and take, him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, or near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so

offending

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 16.

offending to give Security for his or their Appearance, at the next Petty Session ro be holden within and for the County, City, or Districtin which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint, and the Justices present at such Petty Sessionj or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, (he* or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice of Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correct tion of the same County, City, Riding, or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment,

location

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed °mpen- or aWarded to be paid for any Messuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, exceed. Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the 2001. Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof* which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancer/, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Difchatge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the? fame Messuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Messuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing, settled therewith to the fame or the likeUfes, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing; undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase ot Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall

from

321

47° GEOPv.GII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 16.

'Yom Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents,

] flues, and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money. If under so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Messuages, Cottages, Gardens,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in any such Case the same shall at the Option of the Person or Pctfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, C< mmittee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Piivity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to Ins Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees t«j be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under che Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and me Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diiedtion or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money jf undera-*!. so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned, shall be Ids than

Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acc and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of |uch Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to i, c,re of whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase not making of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue out Titles 5 of the said recited Act and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Tide to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such or, if Per-Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then fons cannot and in every luck Caie, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Truf- p Jan(d’ tees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Monty be Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the paid into the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court olChan- Bank-eery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties iuterclied in {Lee. tffVr.] AM v; the

322

47° GEORGII III. SeC 2. Cap. 16.

the said Lands, Tenement?, or Hereditaments, \describing the m,"] subject to Ssbjefl to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which, th! Court of ^ourt Chancery; on the Application ofany Person or Persons mak-Chancery, ing Claim to such Sam or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion

on Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Pro-

or Petition, ceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invcfled in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable ( and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenenicnts, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under

Expeoces of the Authority of the said recited Act, and this Act, the Purchase Money Purchases, to for tfoe fame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and Trustees^ to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-U ments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chan* eery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Act, and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Per-for who shall be in Possession of the Xand, &c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereunto according to such Possession, unless, fcc.

The Court of Chancciy may order

reasonable

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 16. 323

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Colts, Charges, and Ex- Exp.-ncei of pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act shall Ii,e Att. immediately after the pading thereof be paid and discharged by the Truf-

tees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Monies which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, upon the said Chester District of the said Roads, or out of any Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof respectively, and in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several and Compelling respective Persons who have subscribed or shall or may subscribe any Sub’cribsn Money for or towards the making or repairing the said new or additional g’£?cyrjheir Road by this Act authorized to be made, shall and they are hereby required ti0gC>P' to pay the respective Sums of Money so subscribed or to be sub-

l'cribed, within such Time or Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall order or direct j and the same shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being j and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the Termoftb* said recited Act lbali upon the passing hereof cease and determine, and Aa-

that the said Act(subject to the Alterations herein-before mentioned) and this Acc shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTlMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

CaP- 17-

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-hxth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flookerfbrook Bridge, in the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of TVilderjfool Can few ay, and from Frodfh :m to A film Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far as relates to the Frodpam DistriEl of the fame Road.

[25th Juty 1807.]

WHEREAS by an- Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, 26 G.g, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Flookerfbrook’c- Bridge within the Township ij/’Newion, near Chester, to ile South End of Wilderpool causeway, and from., the Market Town .,f Frodfham to A fir on Lat e End, in the Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester, several Tolls, Duties, and Powers were granted for repairing and widen* ing the respective D.Uriels or Divisions of the said Road in the said Act mentioned; and it was thereby enacted, that such Part of the Roads in the said Act comprised as lies between Flookerfbrook B idge aforesaid, and the Market-House within the Town of Frodfh3m, and between the said Market-House in the Town ci F’-odJbam, and Ashton L ane End aforesaid, should be called the Chester District or i.miion of the said Roads, and iuen Part of the said Roads as lies be ween the said Market-House in Frodsham and a certain Sign or Place called the Saracen’s Head, near [Lot. if Per.] 4 iV the

3^6

Trustees for the Frodiham District have proceeded in Execution of the Ait of *6 G. 3.

That it will be eipedient to separate the Two Dif-trifts.

Tertn further continued.

The Power* of this Act substituted in lieu of those of the former Act; and this Act and the Tolls granted made liable to the old Debt.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. iji-

the South End of the said Gause^ay called Wiiderfpooi causeway. in the Township of Appleton, should be called the Frodsham District or Division of the said Roads: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the before-mentioned Act for the said FrodJJjpm District have proceed- ed to put the fame into Executions and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties arising from the said Frodsham District of the said Road, and the said Sums of Money still remain due, and by reason of the Length of the Road within the said Frodsham District, and the Expence of procuring Materials proper for the Repair diereof, the said several Sums, and the Interest thereon, cannot be repaid, and the fame Frodsham District of the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the fad Ad be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions in the said Act contained be altered and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted should be repealed and others granted in lieu thereof: And whereas it is expedient, and would be more convenient to the Public, if the said Two Districts of the Roads comprised in the said Act were separated, and made distinct from each other: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Term of the said Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term herein-after mentioned, and that instead of the Rates Power*, Provisions* Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present, Majesty, as far as the fame relate to or concern the Frodsham District of the said Road, the Rates, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in thid Ad contained, shall from and after the Time hereafter limited for the Commencement of this Act, be executed and continue in Force until the Expiration of the said further Term hereby granted for the Purposfe of amending, widening, and keep, ing in Repair the Road comprised in - ihtl'rodsham District of the Roads mentioned in the said recited Act and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, and also the Remainder of the said former Term, shall be and are hereby made subject to the Payment of all the Monies now due and owing from the said Frodsham District, upon the Credit of or on Account of the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Money had been borrowed upon the Credit or on Account of this Act.

Truffee*.

II. And be it further enacted, That James Adam, William Aniwis

Francis Ashley, Daniel Ashley, Nicholas Ashton, John Ashion, Thomas Banner, Allen Beckett, John Blackburns, John Ireland Blackburns, Thomas. Blackburns Clerk, isaac Blackburns, James Boltsn, John Arthur Borron, (large Boyer, Robert HalJone BradJha-uj, Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, Thomas Brooke, Thoma.< Langjcrd Brooke, Henry Byrom, James Canley ~Clerk, Sir John Chet-ueode Baronet, Thomas Cholmondeley, Thomas Claughion, Sir Robert Salisbury Cotton Baronet, Sir Tq/ier CuuljJ/e Baronet, Davies Davenport, Samuel Dodd, Peter Dutton, George Eaton, Wilbraham Egerton,. Witham Eyres the younger, Thomas Farrail, Samuel. GaJieU, Samuel Gajkell the younger, Hclbrook Gajkdl, Jtogsr GajleU, il. .1 i’jjsrn William

S2?

4.7® GEORGII III' SeffTz. Wfui/,

William Geddies, Jobh Clegg, Edward Green all, Edward Grime. Clerk,

Richard Gewillym, Peter Haljlcad Clerk,: George Heron Clerk, Peter Heron,

William Hurst, Roger JatJ'on, Matthew: Knowles, Thomas . Lee, Jafeph.

Lee, George John Legh, Fgerton Leigh, Sir John Fleming Z^yrr/hfr.Bamuety George Leyajier, Ralph Leyecjicr, Hugh lsycester, ilj'wald Leycester.

Clerk, John Litton, Edward. Lloyd Clerk, Thomas Lyon,. Sir Henry Maimcaring Baronet, Thomas Main-waring, Thomas Qrfard,. John Qrred,

William. Green Orrett, JrJ'epb Parr, Peter Patten, Thomas PeatcckT Thomas Pemberton Doctor of Physic, John Pickmore, Henry. Picketing;

Charles Potts, Henry Potts, Robert Rawftornt Clerk, John Sedge-wick,

James Sedge-wick, Richard Sherratt, Thomas Shift, William Smith;

Benjamin Sothern, John Stanton, James Stanton, James Starkie, Jobs Stephens, John Stubs, Thomas Tatton, Thomas Taylor, Majfey Taylor,

Trajf'ord Trafford, Thovuss Turner, Edward Turner, Richard Turner,.

Sir Peter Warburton Baronet, Janus Watt, John Watkins, John West-, brook, George Whitley, William Whitley, John Wilbraham, Randle.Wi/bra* ham, Thomas Wilbraham, William Wright, John Tates, Thomas Brock.

Tates, together with such Number of Trustees, not exceeding Twelve, as the said several Persons last before named, or any "Five or more of them, shall at their first Meeting herein-after mentioned nominate and appoint, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Frodjlsam District of the said Roads, said for carrying this Act into Execution with respect to the fame District.: t,

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said j^oet;ns, yf Frodsham District, of any Five or more of them, shall meet together at Tnifte*". V'T the House of James Harrison, known by the Sign of the Saracen’s Head, at Wilder/pool aforesaid, on the Third Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, for putting all the Powers of this Act into Execution, in relation to that Part of the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired and widened by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, which lies within the said -

Frodsham District, at which Time and Place the said Trustees shall pro coed to the Execution of this Act, and adjourn themselves from Time to i ij

to Time, and afterwards meet at the said Place, or at any. other Place or jvu fc: Places as they the said Trustees attending the said Meetings, or any Five or more of them, shall think most convenient, and as often as it shall be lieceiiary for putting this Act into Execution within the said Frodsham District; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meetingyo or at any adjourned Meeting, a sufficient Number of Trustees to act.and. to adjourn to another Day, the Clerk or Clerks to the Trustees within the same District shall by public Notice in Writing, to be affixed on One or Ten Days more of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected within the same District, Notice to be and to be also advertised in the Chester Courant or Chester Chronicle, or in some other Newspaper or Newspapers to be published within the City oflings/' CC" Chester, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint such Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, and and io from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall req'uife; and that the' said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own>£xpences. '\\ l0wn Dx-

, ' pences,

Iv. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be mace- at the Meetings to Orders to b» be held in pursuance thereof, and not otherwise, (except in Cases hereby particularly provided for) and that no Order or Determination shall be ‘Majority to

mad* con<w-

328 47a<^EORGli TIL Sett*. 2.

'IhadS* u.dcfs tlicr* j:>r Fart of°t$e Irafcees present /T.ai' con.ui therein; General Qao- and that ill Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to ths Ad which are rum of Ti ut- , directed, to be. d»ns;,. made, qudby or befinreMiv said i r ulkts, shall and tee*' maybe done, hiade, or had determined by or i'dore any Tiuee or more, of tho/aid

Trustees, except where any oilier is umber is herein tuned an, that all such Acts, Orders, or Proceeding; done, maiLe^ or bad. by or before such L"lh-ee Irustees ftoli have tae iime ioree and Efflct as. if the lime were ,d"iie, made, or had by or before the w.iole Number of the Trustees, Orders not to and jhat no Order made by Three or more Trustees shall be revoked, le-be revoked pe.dt.l, or it aside 'by any fuifcquent Order oTthe Trustees, unlef* at a but by Ma-<^eing ta'be niki,for that Purpujfe, of which intended Meeting andtSfe-^Trustee" ^inC htbdation Twenty-one Days Notice at lease shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the lame on all the Toll-Gates within ,th-a said FroJJhqm D.ftrid, and unlessa Majority of the Trustees pr.leiitat fitch Meeting (such Majority to coniift of Nine at the lean) iiio.il concur therein.

Meetings on V. And be it' further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Emergencies, said Tru.iees it fh .11 upon any Emergency be thought necessary that an earlier ay of Meeting shall be appointed than the Day to which the Meeting should have been adjourned, the Clerk to the said Trustees, by ,an Order in Writing signed by Three or mote of the said Trust.es, although not assembled at a Mcctiirg, and mentioning the Time and Place arid. Pu pose of such Meeting, shall. tgrthwith give Notice thereof in like Manner as is before directed, an4 of the lime and P ace which shall he ihcntiomd in the Order of the said Trustees, (such Tinie not bang left than Fourteen D ys after such Notice) and all. Proceedings of the i mu.ees at such Meeting shall be as valid a they wou J have been in case the Tm.teeS had met in pu fuance of any Adjournment: Provided always, ilia t no further or other Business Hull be entered upon or, taken into Consideration it any such Meeting so to be called upon any Emergency as aforesaid than fuel, as ink11 h..ve been signiiie.l and particularly let forth in the Older or Notice for calling such Meeting.

o^eerto VI. Andbt it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting auaiaTruf.f* a Trustee for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution during tee. such Time as he shall be in the Office of Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or

Collector of Tolls lor ur in respect of the Division or District of Reads comprised in this Act.

Jlt'al:..' i

Trustees may

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Trustees as are or tiu»S JU " be in the Gpmmission of the Peace for the said County of Chester shall and may ad, nevertheless, as jullicus for the more speedy and efrectual putting in Execution the several Powers hereby given.

Entriet to be made of Proceedings.

Vllf. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or liuoks to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings id entered and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to, the said Trustees at any' Meediigjhaf b? deemed and taken to be* original Orders as if the lime were und r tnc Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, v.-aich laid Book or Books, and ado the Books directed to be kept for registering the Mortgages and Afligfo moots herein-after mentioned^ Hull and.may ,be read in Evidence in nil

- ok y.v.T .-Cases

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. ij. 329

Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Trustee shall die, or refuse to act, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or other Trustees from Time to Time to el eft and appoint One other fit Person residing near the said Roads in the room of such Trustee so deceased, or refusing to act, but Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for the Election of all such new Trustees shall be fixed on all the Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act within the said Frodsham Disttift, at lead Fourteen Days before the Meeting for such Election, and all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be so chosen and appointed shall be joined with such surviving or other Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full, large, and ample Manner, as if such Persons had been particularly named in and appointed Trustees by this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable Qualificatio» of acting as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of this Act (except of Trustee*. in the swearing of other Trustees) unless at the Time of his acting the rein

he shall have or be seised of, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, and in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of bands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be situate, lying, and being, in the County of Che/ler, or in the City of Chester, or in that Part of the County of Lancei/ler situate within Seven Miles of the Market Town of War ringlen, in the said County of Lancaster, or some or One of them, of the clear Yeaily Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of Property to the Value of Two thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so seised of an Estate in Land to be situate as aforesaid, and of the Yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, nor unless the Person having One hundred Pounds a Year, or Property of the Value of Two thousand Pounds as aforesaid, hath taken or shall take and subscribe before some Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same,) and before he takes upon himself to act in the Trusts and Authorities of this Act, except as aforesaid, an Oath or Affirmation in the Words, or to the Effect following,

(that is to say);

' T B. do swear, [or being One of the People called Quakers, do solemnly Oath-' affirm] That I truly and bond fide am in my own Right [or, in the

‘ Right of iny Wife] seised and in the actual Possession and Enjoyment ‘ ot Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Re-‘ prizes, or [as the Case shall require\ possessed of or entitled unto Property to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds.

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person hereby deemed unqualified or incapable to act shall nevertheless presume to act in the Trusts aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or In the Court of Sctfion for the County Palatine of Chester, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoig-n, Pro-flw.&fiV.] 4 0 testion,

Appointment of new Truf-te«.

3jo 47° GEORGII III. SeO. Cap. ij.

testion, or Wager cf Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

and everyT?erson so profecured shall prove that he is so qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of One hundred Pounds without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person

hath acted as a Triiftee in the Execution of this Act.

Trustees may

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may appoint such appoint Of- Clerk or Clerks, Treauirer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector ficers. or Collectors of the Tells hereby granted, and Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officers within the same District, and for the Purposes of this Act, as they shall think proper; and that the said Trustees at a Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose (of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in Writing affixed upon One er more of the Turnpikes erected or to be creeled upon the said Frodsham District) may by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to’ Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors and other Officers as they shall see Occasion, and in like Manner 'hold aPP°*at ')eW Officers in Cases, of Death or such Removal: Provided always,

Places of that no Person shall be capable of holding, any Place of Profit under the

Profit. said Trustees who shall fell any Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by

Enabling Retail, or who shall be a menial Servant to any Trustee: Provided always,

Trustees to that as often as any Collector of the said Tolls shall die, or be incapable

appoint tem- of performing his Duty, it shall and may be lawful for any Five or more

ledfors !~ kud Ti uftees, though not affe/nbled at a Meeting in pursuance of

this Act, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint any other Pei ton to collect such Tolls, andi the Person so appointed shall have the fame Authority for the Recovery thereof as the Person he shall succeed was ve ed with, until the Trustees shall at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act appoint a Collector of such Foils.

Tiuftefs r.a Xfl. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money arising by allow Salaries v‘rtue of this# Act, such Salaries, Allowances, and Compensations shall be to Officers, made to all such Officers and Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act as to the said Trustees shall seem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to such Trustees, or as thi y shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers and Officers to Persons respectively received by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof

account. Hath been paid and difhuried, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Votichers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective I lands to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the Laid Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any One or more of their, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, (which Oath the said Trustees or any One or more of them is or are hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts, and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the lame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees within Twenty-one Days after being the reunto required by the said Truflea&palhthe Books, Papers, and Writings in the Custody or Pc ver of such Officer or other Person as aforesaid.

33r

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 17.

raid, relating to the Execution of this Act, in each, any, or either of the said Cases, any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Person (had be or reside, shall make Inquiry concerning such Default, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without any Fee or Reward) and if any such Officers or Persons shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the common Gaol for such County cr Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, until such Officer or Person shall give and make a true and perfect Account as aforesaid, or until such Officer or Person shall have compounded with such Trustees, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition such Trustees are hereby empowered to make) or undl such Officer or Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, before he or they enter upon the said Office, give such Security for the due Execution thereof to the said Trustees, as to the said Trustees shall seem meet; which Security the said Trustees are required to take, and such Security shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Chester.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall hold One Annual Meeting at some Public House in the Town of Frodsham, or at Preston on the Hill, Darejhury, or Wilder [tool, in the said County of Chester, upon the first Tuesday in July in every Year, which Meeting shall be called The General Annual Meeting of the Trustees, the First of such Meetings to be held at the Sign of the Saracen's Head, at Wilderfpool aforesaid, and every succeeding Meeting shall be held there unless some other Place for the fame Meeting shall have been appointed at the preceding Meeting, and entered in the Book of Proceedings of such General Meeting; and at every such Meeting it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to audit the Annual Accounts of the Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, and Collector of Tolls, employed in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies belonging to the Road within the said Frodsham District, and to examine any such Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, or Collector, relating to his Accounts, upon Oath, (which Oath the said Trustees or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered to administer) and then, and there to pass such Accounts, or so much thereof as they shall think proper, and to choose new 1 ruflees in the Room of such as shall be dead, or have refused to act in Manner herein-before mentioned, and to do such other Matters and Things in the Business of the Trust as shall at any such Meeting occur.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees at their first or at any General Annual Meeting, to app, int a Committee of Trustees, if they shall think fit, to tnfpecl. examine, and superintend all the Accounts belonging to the said Trust, and also the Application of the Money to be expended under the

Direction of the said Trustees, which Committee or any Three or more of

them

Treasurer, &c. to give

Security.

AnnualMeet-ings of the Trustees to be held for au iting the Accounts.

Trustees may

appoint Committees for examining Accounts.

33? 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 17.

them, shall meet as often as they shall think fit, and such Committees shall nave full Power to call for all Books, Accounts, and Vouchers, and to require the proper Officers to appear before them as often as they shall think proper, giving such Officers Seven Days Notice of the Time and Place of their Meeting; and the said Committee shall report their Proceedings and Observations at every General Annual Meeting of the Trustees, and if such Committee shall be appointed the said Accounts shall not be called for, examined, o inspectedat any other Meeting of the Trustees than at such Meetings of the Committee, and at such General Annual Meeting as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

Tmftees may

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for putting this Act

cre£t Turn- in Execution shall and may continue or cause to be erected, set up, and pikes. provided, One or more Toll-gate or Toll-gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes,

Toll-house or Toll-houses in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road between the North-East Boundary of the Townfttip of Acton Grange, and the Village of Preston on the Hill, in the said County of Chester, as to the said Trustees shall seem most reasonable and convenient; and also such Toll-gates or Turnpikes and Toll-houses at or near the Sides of the said Roads, across any Lanes or Ways leading out of the fame, not exceeding One thousand two hundred Yards from the Sides of the said Roads, as the said Trustees shall think proper and convenient, save only that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Trustees to erect any Turnpike or Gate over or across any Part of the Road between the Market-house in Frodsham aforesaid, and the present Bridge over the late Duke of Bridgewater’s Canal at Preston on the Hill aforesaid, or over or across any Road or Way on the Sides of the said last mentioned Road.

Vetting Turnpikes and Toll-Houses in Trustees.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of all the said Turnpikes, Toll-houses, and Gates erected or to be erected as aforesaid, and of the Materials for building the fame, and for repairing the said Roads, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and they or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to bring Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall disturb them in the Possession thereof.

Granting

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several Tolls herein-new Tofts. after mentioned shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint to receive the same at the several and respective Turnpikes and Toll-gates herein-before mentioned, before any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

Tolls. For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any

Coach, Barouche, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Caravan, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Sixpence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beall, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain, Tumbril, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For

3:3

4.7* GEORGII U\. 'C' i; 17.

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum <if Ten* pence perScore, and lb in proportion for- any greater or L-fs Number t

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or-Lambs*.the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so iu proportion for arty-.great* cy lalb'Numbfft

Which said feverat and respective Sums of Money fjiajf be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and if any Person or Persons subjeiff to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall-and may be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid for collectingi'uch Tolls, to seize and distrain any Horse, Cattle, or Bead upon which any: such Toll is by this Att imposed, or any of the Goods and Chattels offiren Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, and if such Toll, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distrcfs, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Twelve Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Person or Persons so, dillrairiing shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, Goods, and Chattels so didrained, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand tq the Owner thereof, after such Toll and all reasonable Charges shall be deduced, and that all the Tolls collected or levied or to be collected or levied by virtue of this Act shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees for putting this Act jn Execution, and shall be applied or may be assigned in such Manner as hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that no 'lolls shall be taken in resp^ct No Tolls for of any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage which shall only cross the said 01'*y eroding Roads, or which shall nofpafs mole than One hundred Yards thereon. the RoaiJs-

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Horse, Mafe, D;re^in Gelding, Mule, or other Beall, Cattle, or Animal whatsoever, shall be how often subject to or charged with the Payment of the Tolls by this Act granted. Toll to tw-more than Once in any One Day, (to be computed from Twelve of the Paldm a Clock at bfight till Twelve of the Clock in the fueeqeding Night), for passing r' and repalTing any Time or Times through till or anj of the Toll-gate? ior

't urnpikes erected pr to be erected upon, aero's, or at1 or'near the Sfde of such Part of the said Roads as lies between the said ToVn of Fredjhcnh ajid Wilder/poel causevjay aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the fail* Tru flees may from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, compound and ^gfee For any Term

not exceeding Two Years at any One Time, with any pJe fori or T’effdfts, fof Told, for any Hori'es, Cattle, or Beasts, travelling upon am Part of the said Roads, for all or any of the said Tolls to be paid for or in respect of fycli Horses, Cattle, or Bealls, so that no such Composition shall be made for any Horses, Cattle, or Beasts, travelling for Hire, iior for any other Horses, Catile, or Beasts, without the Consent of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Two Thirds at lead of the Money which shall have been lent on the Credit of the said Tolls; and all such Composition Money shall be paid It early in Advance to the; Treasurer of the said Frodsham Pilhidt, and in Default thereof the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall thenceforth be void; and all such Composition Monies shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls in respect whereof such Composition is made are herein directed to be applied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall. Penalty on Wfth any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or other Animal, in relhect of which Toil evading ti-e

[Lee. & Per.] 4 P is ToU. S

334

47° GEORGII III. Sefi*.2. Cap. 17.

is to be paid, pass through any Land, Ground, Place, or Hereditament, lying near any of the Turnpikes which shall be erccJbd by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a pub ic Highway) with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls; or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Ground, Land, Place, or Hereditament, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Ilorfe, Cattle, Beast, or Animal whatsoever, in respect of which Toll is to be paid, to pass through the fame with such Intent as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly or wilfully pass through any such Turnpike with any Horse, or other Cattle, Beast, or Animal, in respect of which Toll is to be paid, without Payment of I’oll, or shall take oft or cause to be taken from any Carriage any Horse or other Cattle, or Beast, or having passed through any Turnpike Gate on the said l'rodsham District shall afterwards put an additional Horse or Beast to such Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part therof, or shall with such Intent unload any Goods from any Carriage liable to be weighed under the Provisions of this Act, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds; whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as Forfeitures and Penalties are herein-after directed to be applied.

Exemptions

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be from Tolls, taken for any Carriage, Horse, Cattie, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Sand. Gravel, Stone, Bricks, Timber, Wood, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or any of the Highways in the Townships in which such Roads lie, or any Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw', Potatoes, or other Produce of Land not bought, fold, or disposed of, but passing to be laid up in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from earn ing or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Marie, Compost, Grey Salt, or other Manure of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, or Lime, to be employed in Husbandry only, or for manuring or improving of Gardens or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or from Palture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed, or for any Horseorother Cattle going to or from any Mills situate within the Distance of Four Miles from the said Road in the said Fradsham District, with or for any Corn, Grain, Malt, or Flour, for the Owners own Use and Consumption in his own Dwelling house and not for Sale, and not exceeding One Horse or Beast in one and the same Day; or for any Horses or other Cattle employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on any Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes or Townships wherein the said Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day

on

47° GEORGGII III. SdT. 2. Cap. 17. . 33 5

on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or foi any Horse, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pollmaiter General, cither when employed in fetching, conveying, or guarding such Mails or l.xpretL's, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horie, Lead, Cattle, or Carnage attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or re' urning from the Place appointed for and on the Days ol'Exercise: Provided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, Citizen or Citizens, to llrve in Parliamettt for the County Palatine of Chester, or for the City of Chester, or for the County Palatine of Lancester, during the Time of futli Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin and be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Half whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dif- D;fpUtrs con. pute shall happen about the Amount of Toll due or the Charge of keep- ceming Tolls ing any Distress, it shall be lawful for tae Colleder or Person didraining, ho"'to be to retain the fame or the Monty aridng from the Sale thereof (as the f"eu'cJ'

Cafe may happen) until the Amount of Toll due, and Charges of ieizing, didraining, keeping, and felling (as the Case shall happen) shall be ascertained by One or more Justice or Justices for the County of Chester, who, upon Applicadon made to him or them for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parlies, or other Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Amount of the Toll due, and also alfefs the Charges of such Seizure, Didrefs, Keeping, and Sale, and a'so of the Collector's Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice or Justices; all which Sums so determined or addled shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person before he shall be obliged to return the Didrefs, or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, ColJ

or Litigadon shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls" &c° Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the lame, or any competent other Person or Persons a fling by or under the Authority of the said Witnesses. Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute,

Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls, or by reason of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Farmer, Renter, or Penalties on Collector of any of the said Tolls, shall demand and take or cause to Collectors

be taking great-ei or leis

33

Tolls than allowed.

No Exemption for Carriages with narrow Wheels, tic.

Carriages may be weighed at Weighing-Engine at Erodfham Bridges, and at other Weighing Engines.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 17.

be demanded and taken from any Person or Persons any Toll not hereby authorized to be taken, or a greater or left; loll than so authorized, such Fanner or Renter shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and also his Contract for renting the 1’olls, if the said Trustees shall think fit to vacate the fame, and every such Collector not being the Farmer or Renter, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that if the Justice by or before whom the Matter of Complaint shall be heard, shall be of Opinion that the Offender had probable Grounds for such Demand and Taking, it shall be lawful for such Justice either to mitigate the said respective Penaldes, or wholly to exonerate the Offender therefrom, as such Justice shall think fit; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person shall have or claim any Benefit or Exemption from Toll for or in respect of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage having a Wheel or Wheels of left Breadth than Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, or having a Wheel or Wheels the Tire of which shall not lie flat, or so as not to deviate more than a Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, or having a Wheel or Wheels without Nails counter-funk, or other Contrivance, so that the Nails or Fastenings of the Wheel or Wheels may not rife above the Surface, or for or in respect of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage which together with the Loading thereof shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages of the same Kind respectively, and laden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Toll thereby imposed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to order all such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as are directed for the weighing of Carriages by the said Act made in the said Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, upon making an Agreement with the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the Weighing-Engine now erected and made at or near Frodsham Bridge, to cause to be weighed at such Weighing Machine all or any Carts and Carriages passing on or over the Turnpike Road adjoining to such Weighing-Engine, and also to cause the same to be weighed at any Weighing Machine or Machines now erected or to be eretted by the said Trustees on any Part of the Road within the said F/odJham Difcrici; and it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees at any of such Weighing-Engines respectively, to cause any Carriage liable to be weighed as aforesaid, which may have passed by any of such Weighing-Engines respectively, to any Distance not exceeding Three hundred Yards from the same, and which there may be any reason (o fuspect is Over-weighted to return to any of such Weighing-Engines respectively, to be weighed with the Loading, upon requiring the Driver thereof to drive such Carriage back to any of such Weighing-Engines respectively, and upon paying or tendering to him the bum of One Shilling for so doing, which Sum of One Shilling shall be returned to the Person

11 paying

33

GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. ij.

paying the fame, if upon weighing such Carriage and loading the same shall be found above the W eight hereby allowed; and if on any Cart or Carriage being weighed at any of such Weighing-Engines respectively, it shall appear that such Cart or Carriage is loaded with a greater Weight than is allowed by Law, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees for the weighing of such Carts or Carriages to demand the additional Toll or Duty incurred under any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force by reafenoi such Over-weight from the Tobereco-Person driving such Carriage, and to enforce the Payment of such addi- j«red as tional Toll or Duty, by the fame Means as the Payment of the Tolls 0 imposed by this Act may be recover d or enforced.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any Trustees may Meeting or Meetings to he holden h r that Purpose, whereof Twenty borrow Mo-Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon One or more ney‘ of the Turnpikes in the said Frodsham District, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Inftrament under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be collected and levied within such District, and also the Toll-houses and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such Interest, not exceeding legal Interest, as the said Trustees shall think proper; which said Money lb to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner, and according to such Proportions respectively, as the lolls to arise or be collected at the said Turnpike are hereby intended to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Alignments, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall think proper:

‘ T2 Y virtue and in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Form of

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, Mortgage.

‘ \Jnfert the Title of the AEF\ and in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to A.B. the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, having been this Day paid determined by

« C.D. of;

‘ We whose Flands and Seals are hereunto subscribed, being

of the said Trustees, do grant and assign unto the said

‘ C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of ‘ the Tolls arising upon the said Frodsham District, and of the Turnpikes ‘ and Toll Houses for collecting the Money, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing,

‘ which from Time to Time shall be due and owing on the Credit of the fame Tolls arising on the fame District for the Term of

‘ this Act, to have, hold, receive, and take such Proportion of the ‘ said Tolls, Toll-Houses, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, unto ‘ c^e fa'd C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the ' Residue and Remainder now to come of the Term of [Loc. & Per.] 4 Q

for

33^ 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 17.

c for which the said Tolls are granted by the said Act, subject to the ‘ Provife following, (that is to say): Provided always, that if the said ‘ Sum of shall be repaid to the said C. D.

‘ his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, together with

Intereib for the fame, after the Rate of per Centum

per Annum, without any Deductions whatsoever, on or before the Day of now next ensuing, then this

4 A Alignment shall be void, or else shall remain in full Force. In Witness whereof, we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this ‘ Day of

And the said Mortgages or Assignments shall be good in Law, and the Proportions of each Mortgagee respectively shall vary from Time to Time according to the Amount of the Sums due on all such Mortgages, and such Mortgages may be from Time to Time assigned over by any Person. or Persons to whom the same shall be respectively made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and that all the Mortgages and Assignments so to be made as aforesaid shall be entered at Length in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, which said Book shall and may be perused at all seasonable Times by any Person or Persons whomsoever, without Fee or Reward.

Application

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Money arising by

of the Morey the Tolls hereby granted, or out of such Money as shall be borrowed upon

borrowed. the Credit thereof, the said Trustees shall in the first place pay and discharge all the Expences and Coils of procuring and passing this Act, and that after Payment, Satisfaction, and Discharge of the said Expences and Colls all the Tolls which shall be collected or received by virtue of this Act, and all Money which shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be laid out and applied in answering and keeping down the Interest of the Money borowed and to be borrowed as aforesaid, and which from Time to Time shall remain due and unpaid, and afterwards in repairing and widening the Frcdsham District of the said Roads, and in paying and discharging all Salaries, Wages, and other Charges and Expences of putting this Act in Execution.

Tails may be

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and

va ied. may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be standing on the said Roads in the said Frodsham District, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall feein fit and convenient for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and afterwards at a Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Tim; as they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force and effect with respect to Overweights: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act (so far as the fame may relate to or in 11 any wile

.339

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. i7.

anvwlfe concern any of the Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by*this Act) and of this Act, or either of them, shall not have been paid or discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixth Parts of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the find recited Act or of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall lie lawful for the said Tvullees, assembled at a Meeting or Meetings held for that Purpose, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands anti Seals, to lease the Tolls arising within the said Fro'Sham District, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, unto any Person or I’ersons from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Two Years, for the best Rent that can be got for the fame, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants and Conditions to determine such Lease of such Lessee, and for reluming the Possession of the Toll-House, to such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees shall direct or appoint, and the Monies arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls to be so leased are hereby intended to be applied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lcffees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refiife to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Leflces, Farmer or Farmers shall be in Arrear by the Space of Fourteen Days next after any one of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Agreement for demifing or letting thereof; and in case the Toll-House or Toll-Houses shall be in the Possession of any Collector or Collectors who shall be removed or discharged from his or their Office of Collector, or shall depart this Life, then and in either of those Cases the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Treal'urer, or any other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, shall be at liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter upon and take Possession of any Toll-House or Toll-Houses, and the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lelfecs, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising the reat respectively, or such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or I’ersons having the Possession of the said Toll-House or Toll-Houses, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, (if they shall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement (if any) for demifing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lelfecs, Fanner or Farmers, and the same shall be from that Time utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (faveas to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment up to that Time of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other Covenants or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part which shall have been broken) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls agam to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected, as if no former Demise, Contraft, or Agreement had been made relative thereto; any Rule of Law or Right to the contrary notwithstanding.

Trustees may lealc the Tolls.

Enabling the Trusteer to take Pofllession of Toll-houses. Stc. when let to Farm, or held by Collectors for the Trustee*.

34°

Surveyors may eet Gr: vel.

Penalty on

taking away Materials raised by Surveyors.

Surveyors may remove Annoyances, &c.

47° GEORGII III. Seit.2. Cap. if.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to be from Time to Time appointed determined by the said Trustees and such other Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, is and are hereby empowered to l'earch for, cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Furze, 1 Teath, Stones, Chalk, Flint, Gravel, Sand, or o; her Materials proper for repairing the said Roads, out of and from any Waste Grounds, Commons, Rivers, Brooks, or Watercourses in or running through any Parish, Town, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or in or running through any other Parish, Town, or Place, where the fame can be most conveniently had or found, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits, or Hoping the Sides thereof and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle, and also by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, made at any Meeting, to search for, dig, gather, take and carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, er out of, from and over the Stone Quarries and Lands of any Person or Persons, so as such Lands and Grounds shall nor on the Day on which the Order shall be made for searching for such Materials be a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Grounds planted orfet apart as a Nursery for Trees, paying or tendering Payment of such Rates for such Materials, and also for the Damage done to 1'uch private Lands over which any Materials gotten in any Waste Grounds, Stone Quart ids., Common, River, Brook, or Watered,urfe, or private Grounds shall be conveyed, as shall be settled and ascertained in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or gathered for the Repair or Use of the said Road, or shall raise or carry away any Materials out of or otherwise interfere with or obstruct the working of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for repairing the said Road in the said Frodsham Distriri, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Three Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of the Land in which such Pit or Quarry shall be made, as to Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such person or Persons as he or they shall appoint from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees) to remove all Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Stiaw, or otherwise, and to convert the same to his and their own Use and Uses, and to turn any Watercourse, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining thereto, and make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think necessary, and at proper Seasons of the Year to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes growing in the said Roads, or hanging over the lame, and to take and carry away the fame, ia case the Owners or

11 Occupiers

47° GEORGII III. Soff.2. Cap. 17. 34*

Occupiers of the Premises shall negkft to lop, or top, cut down and remove such Trees Shi ubs, or Buihes, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercmrfes or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct or require, for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, and the Charges attending such Work to be settled by the said Trustees, shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and forfeitures given and imposed by this Act are hereinafter directed to be recovered and applied; and if after removal of the said Annoyances any Person shall offend again in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every second or subsequent Offence forfeit and pay the Expeace of removing such Annoyances and any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said £anudfe* Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall direct arJd XJraim; or appoint f such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose

from the said Trustees) to make causewajs, and also Ditches or Drains, and Arch s and Bridges in or upon, or on the Sides of, the said Reals, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the Water off the said Roads, and also to make a Road through the Grounds adj lining or lying near to any hollow Way or narrow or ruinous Part of the said Roads, such Grounds respectively not being the Grounds whereon any House or other Building Hands, or a Yard, Garden,

Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, such Yard, Garden, planted Walk, Avenue, or inclosed Grounds, not having been made or planted within the Space of One Year immediately preceding the passing of this ift, to be made use of as a public Highway; and also by Order of the said Trustees to erect, repair, and keep in an(j erect Repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts Badges; of the said Road, and across any Stream, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Dra:n therein, or contiguous thereto, making such Recompense to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively for the Damages they shall or may thereby fullain, as shall be judged reasonable by the said Trustees, wherein or in relation where to such Works, Matters, and Things shall be done or performed, but no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Common or Walle Ground.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, 'that the said Trustees shall and and turn and are hereby fully empowered to make, widen, divert, turn, or alter the after the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through any Common or Walle Grounds without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and also to widen any narrow Paths of the said Roads so as ,to make the fame Forty Feet in Width, by laying into the fame the Grounds of any Person or Persons lying contiguous thereto; and also to make, widen, divert, turn, or alter the Course or Path of any other Part of the said Roads, by carrying the fame through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein respectively for the Damage they may thereby sustain, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for such Trustees, to contract and Trustees may agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Heredi- agree with IL°c> & Per.~\ 4 R taments

342

the Owner* of Lands.

Bodies Politick empowered to contract with Trustees.

If the Parti-i

disagree, a Jury to enquire into the Damage.

Verdict of the Jury to be final.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 17.

taments for the Purchase or Exchange thereof, or for the Loss or Damage which such Owners or Persons may sustain by making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, or Administrators, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Succeifois, but also for and on Behalf of their Cefti'que Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for Femes Covert who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be seised, posselfed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments for any particular Estate on Behalf of themselves, and all Persons in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or entitled by way of executory Devise or Bequest to contract with such Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to exchange with, fell, or convey to the said Trustees all such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof for the Purpose aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate cr Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act; and if any such Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, L xecutors, Administrators, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of such Roads are intended to be made, widened, diverted, or altered, shall for the Space of Twenty Days next after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premise , or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall cause such Damage and Recompense to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Chester, and in order thereto the said Trustees are hereby required and empowered, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises, which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are empowered to administer; and the said Trustees shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, and after the said Jury shall have inquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owner or Owners, or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition, or Judgement, Otder, or Determination

343

47' GEORGII III. Self; 2. C4.VJ,

inination thereupon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purpose , against all Parties or Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or by Way of executory Devise or Bequest, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well present as absent, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disabdity whatsoever. Bodies Politick, I orpo-rate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Person or Persons whomsoever; and for the Purpose of having such Jurors summoned and returned the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County i-f Cheji, r, commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty four Persons, qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so summoned, impanelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the Trustees aiding in the Premises, shall and are hereby empowered and required to swear, or cause to be sworn, Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers, by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service to make up the Number of Twelve Jurors, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees*, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Shei iff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such jury, and shall not appear, or that shall refuse to be sworn n the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give, or for not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and upon any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury shall refute or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined, or give Evidence, and which Fine or Fines shall be levied and applied in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures given and imposed by this Add are herein-after directed to be levied and applied, so that no such Fine be more than Ten Pounds on any one Person, for any one Offence.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if the said charges of Jury upon such Request shall find or affels an equal or less Sum of Money Jury, &c. for such Damage and Recompence than hath been by the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, or o:her Person or Persons by virtue of their Order, tendered to the Party or Parties so refuting or neglecting to treat as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to treat shall pay the Colls occasioned by such Refusal or Neglect, which Costs shall be settled and ascertained by the said Jury, and shall be deducted out of the Sum of Money by them assessed for such Damage and Recompence; but if the said Jury shall find or assess a gieater Sum at Money for such Damage and Recompence than hath been by the said Trustees or their Treasurer, or other Person or Persons by virtue of their Order tendered to the Party or Parties so relufing or neglecting to treat as aforesaid, then the Costs occaficned by such Relufal or Neglect

(to

344

47° GEORGII

III. Sefr.2. Cap. 17.

Damage* to

be paid out

(ti be settled and ascertained as aforesaid) shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Abl'ence have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Cofis and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Reeompenfe to be agreed for or aifefied as aforesaid shall be paid out of cUhe 1 oll», tq'0[|s arising within or upon account of the said Roads, or out of the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls, to the Person or Persons respectively entitled to such Money; or to his or their Agent or Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the feme, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, for the Use of such Parties or Persons; or in case of Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy, Absence beyond the Sea, or other Disability in any Person or P'ersons who may be entitled to or interested in the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part or Parts of the said Roads shall be ordered to be made as aforesaid, or in case the Person then entitled to the Possession or Receipt of the Rents of the fame Lands and Hereditaments, hath only a particular Estate, then (upon investing the Consideration Money or Recompence to be agreed for or allelfed as aforesaid in the Purchase of Stocks or Annuities in any of the Public Funds, in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, as the said 1 rustees shall think proper, lor the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, until some convenient Purchase or Purchases can be made of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses as the said Lands or Hereditaments through which the said Roads shall be ordered to be made as aforesaid shall hand or be settled at the Time or Times when the same shall be taken for the Purpose or surpoles hereinbefore mentioned), it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons authorized ty Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, to make, widen, divert, turn, or alter such Roads, cr any Part thereof, through such Lands or Hereditaments, as such Trustees shall think fit, and such Trustees shall cauie such Parts of the said Roads as shall be made, widened, diverted, turned, or altered, through any inclosed Grounds to be ditched and fenced from the adjoining Lands, and all Lands and Hereditaments which shall be made a Part or Parts of the said Roads by virtue of this Act, shall for ever thereafter, to all Intents and Purposes, be a common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner as the Roads hereby appointed to be repaired, or as the common Highways lying in the respective Townships through which the Roads hereby appointed to be repaired shall or may be turned or diverted, is or are by this or any other Law to be amended; and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be diverted of all Right and litle to such Lands and Hereditaments so taken into and made Part of the said Roads; and after such new Roacls shall be completed, the Lands cor.ftituting the former Roads, unless leading over some Common or Walle Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place to which such new Roads do not lead, shall be vested in the Trustees for the Time being of this Act, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees for the belt Price that can be gotten for ti lie lame, or may be exchanged for other Lands used for the Puyposes of this Act. and the M ney arising by such Sale, shall be applied to the Repair of the said Roads.

47° GEORGII Iir. Sess. 2. Cap. 17. 345

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Grounds Per.ont from shall be loli in purliiance of this Act, the fame shall be f-i'ft offered, at a " ur_a" ' fair and reasonable Price, to such Person or Persons as shall have Lauds ci-afc-a to contiguous to or lying intermixed therewith, and to w hom the Put chafe tn-.c the Pie-thereofshall appear to be mod; reasonable; and in case f ch Person or tf’ f ucou Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to ' e* purchase the fame, any Affidavit, to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Grounds shall lie, by feme Person or Persons no Way interested in the said Grounds,

/f ating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees and that such Offer was not then and there agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was offered, shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made r.nd was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made [as the Case may be]; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the fame, and he, file, or they,

, and the said Trustees cr any Five or more of them, shall .(differ and not agree with rc.sped to the Price thereof, in such case the Price or Price* thereof stall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said,

Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of heating and determining such Pifference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with resptd to inch Purchase made by the said Trustees, nuitatis mutandis.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Trustees p.ot Ad shall extend to authorize the said Trustees, or any of them, or any v other Person or Persons, to take down any Dwelling-Houfq, or other nor Building, or to takein any Ground which at the Time of the Order made take in any lor turning, diverting, or widening such Road, shall be made, planted, or Gardens, &c. let apart as a Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively,

any Thing herein-befdre contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLIT. And be it further, enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, of Compen-tuken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes limon. thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant,

Lunitick, or Person or Persons under any DisabiLt/ or Incapacity, lech Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account cx parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase (1 the Land-lax, or towards the Efffcharge of any Debt or Debts, cr such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid afteding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, 1 enements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money Hull not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid out and invested under [Loc. fcf Per.] 4 S the

$46

If under 2Col. arid exceeding

If under sol.

In case of not making out

Titles.

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 17.

the like Direction and Approbation of the said Cobrf, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiiting undetermined and capable of taking el Fed; and in the mean Time, and until such: urchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, determined by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Laid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall Irem Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase cr Settlement were made.

XI.III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Pert-ms under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Case3 the fame fhalh, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their reipe-flive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or other wise the same shall be paid at tile like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving; Parties), in order that such Principal Motley, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed cr awarded to be paid as last before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case ihe Person or Persons to whom any bum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any

Lands,

347

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.* Cap. 17.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Ad, shall refuse to accept the fame or shall rot be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trtiftees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be lb awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if tire Peribn or Person* entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every' such Case it shall and may' be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money i’o awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing the m'] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Chum to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distributien thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective F.rtate or Ertates, Title or Interest, of the Person or i’ersons making Claim thereunto, or to make such other Order in the Premises as to the feme Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Specifying for what and fer whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Perfc-n to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuar.ee of this Act for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any Kit ate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Perlb.o or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancer/, and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unicis it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation,

Or if rcvfonJ

cannot I c found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Subject to the order of the Court of Chancery, om Motion or Petition.

Where any Queflioa shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in PoficC. lion of the Lands, Szc. at the Time of such Pm-chai’t* shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession only.

The Court cfCl lancery may order reasonable

348 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 17.

F'xncnces of Purdiafcs to be paid by li.C iiuail.

'K.o greater

Dcvialii n than 700 Yards be. tue. n WiS-ilerfpool and Frodfliam.

T niftees, etc. may mnr

Lands to make the Road-.

ration, entitled to any Lands, Teneirr its, or Hereditaments to be ptir-chaied under the Authority of this Act, the Pure hale Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, cr so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no further Deviation than Seven hundred Yards from the Line of the present high Road between Wtldcrfpool and Frocisham aforesaid shall be made, unless the fame be ordered and directed by a Majority of the then Trustees of this Act assembled at their Annual Meeting herein-before directed to be held within the Lid Frodsham District.

XI.IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trutcecs or any of diem, and for their Surveyor and Surveyors and Workmen, with cr without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon the new Reads hereby authorized to be made are intended to be made, anil to flake out and make the fame in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think reccliary or proper, without being liable or subjeel to be deemed n Trespasser or Treipalfers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively for any of the Purposes of this Add, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damage that shall be done to the Land or Ground on the Sides of any new Road whilst the same shall be making, in case such Damage shall exceed the Sum of One Shilling; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or deflrov any of the Stakes or other Maries used in laying out or making any such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, to be recovered in the same Manner as other general Penalties and Forfeitures impeded by this Act are to be recovered.

Cod and Or? L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Coal, reserved to Lead Ore, or Copper Ore, or any other Ore or Mineral vha’tsoever, the Persons shall be discovered or found out in or upon any Part of the Lands so interdict!. purchased as aforesaid, in that Cafe such Coal, Ore, or Mineral so found

shall be referred to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be entitled to such Coal, Ore, or other Mineral, with Liberty for him, her, or them, or their respective Agents or Servants, to dig or prosecute the said Mine or Work in such Manner as is usual for carry ing on Works of the like Kind in that County, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Land had not been fold for the Purposes aforesaid by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons, their Agents or Servants respectively, so working for the said Coal, Ore, or other Mineral, causing as little Damage and Inconvenience to the said Roads as possible, and filling up all Pits and Holes, and removing and levelling

?49

Arf GEORGII III. SclT. 2. Cap. 17.

all Batiks and Hillocks that shall be made on account of the Works or Mine aforesaid: Provided always, that no Perfcrt fli-ill act as alrustee in any Case relating to the contracting For or ptircfefing of any Lands or Hereditaments wherein he shall be particularly concerned or interested.

Id. And be it further enacted, That if any Ilorfe or Horses, Afs or Afies, Mule or Mules, Cattle, Sheep, or Swine shall be found wandering or depafluring upon or on the Sides of any Part of the said Road, the Owner or Owners of such Horse or Horses, Afs or AiTes, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine, shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such Oituice any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be recovered in such Manner as the other Penalties imposed by this act are herein directed to be recovered and levied; and the Surveyor and Surveyors of the said Roads, and all and every other Person and Persons are hereby authorised to cauie all such Horse or Horses, Als or Aides, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine, as shall be found wandering or depafluring upon the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, to be impounded, until the Complaint against the Owner or Owners thereof can be heard before some one of the Jufhces or the Peace acting for the County of Chester, or until the Owner or Owner; of such Horse or Horses, Afs or rifles, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine, shall pay the said Penalty, without having such Complaint heard before such Justice of the Peace; and in case such Complaint shall be heard before such Justice of the Peace, and such Justice shall convict such Owner or Owners, and order such Penalty or Penalties to be pa d, then such Horse or Horses, Afs or A lies, Mule or Mules, Cattle or Swine shall remain impounded until the Penalty or Penalties shall be paid, over and above the usual Fee to the Proprietor or Keeper of the Pound In which such Horse or Horses, A s or Afies, Mule or Mules, Caitle, or ' wine, shall be so impounded; and if any Proprietor or Keeper of any such Pound shall release any such Korfe or Horses, Afs or Al!'e=, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine, which shall be so impounded as aforesaid, without the Consent of such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons so impounding, every such Proprietor or Keeper shalt for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Sh llings; and in case any Person or Persons shall disturb or molett such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, Heading or driving such Horse or Horses, Afs or Afies, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine to Pound as aforesaid, he or they shall for every such Offence forfet and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, which said several Penalties before mentioned shall be applied towards the repairing of the said Roads, and to and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

I-II- And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall bring or lay, cr cause, permit, or stiffer to be brought or laid any Allies, Rubbish, Soil, Timber, Bricks, Stones, Dirt, Dung, Fifth, or other Annoyance, Nuiiance, or Obllvuftion whatsoever, within the Diltance of Fifteen Feet from the Centre of the said Roads, or any of them, every such Person shall fnrf it a Sum not more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence, whereof One Moiety shall be allowed to the Informer or Informers, and the o:her Moiety to be employed by the said Trustees for the Benefit- of the said Roads, such Penalty and Forfeiture to be levied and recovered in the lame or the like Manner, and f y the fame and the like Ways anil \_Loc. cr Per.J 4 T Means

No intcrelled Person to act.

Borlrf,

AiTer, ire. wandei

and depaftur-inir, may brr ftiztd and impounded.

Allies, Sro. r.ot to be laid within 15 Feet of tlier Centre of the Rood.

3-°

- For securing

transient

Offenders.

Persons chargeable to Statute Work, to continue To.

Justices to

determine

Diff rcncrSj

touching

Statute

Wcrk.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. f7.

Means as is herein-after contained with respect to the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed.

LIII. And whereas Offences may be committed rgai.tft this Act ty Persons unknown to the Collect irs, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore crafted, rl hat it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or ether Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Affile tnce, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence dr Oil tees, and take him to feme Justice of the Peace for the said County of Chrjfcr, near to the Place where the Offence or Offei ices shall be committed, and such justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Hearing and Determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons f > offending to give Security for his or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within and for the County or Dist.ift i 1 which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said C mplaitit, and the Justices present at such Petty Seffi >n, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said C mplaintjn a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offender--, either by the Justice before whom he, flic, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County, Riding, or Di.trift, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her or them incurred for such Offence or Offer,ces, together with the Costs arid Charges attending the Conviction and Complaint.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute-Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part there f, shall (till r.main liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and m y be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for ihfeff tid County of Chester, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what lkn t or I roporrion of the Statute-Work shall ev. ry ve«r be done upon the said Koadsby the Inhabitants of the respective Purishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Roads do l:e, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute-Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustee- or to their Trei-furer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to fumffion the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Idig' ways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days' after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Plate are by Law subject and liable to do Statute-Work for that Year, ot to the

Payment

35*

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 17.

Payment of any Money in lieu of or as ^.Composition for such Statute-Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and alto the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lilts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such- Regulations and ReltricHons as is or are or rnay be directed by any Law cr Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and cut of such Lilts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute-Work as aforesaid to do such Number of Days Statute-Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times, (not being Hay-time or Harvelt) and in such Parts <-f the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lift shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compefition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refoeflive Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act r.uthoiized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute-Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their kill or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees. shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer, or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or li. ble to by any Law or Statute in Force and Eft'eft for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any leatn or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is-hereby empowered to remove and tu n off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, turd in that case every such Person shall befubj:ct and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid. as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent.to work on any Parts of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the salt! Parishes, Townships, or Places fli 11 refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Survey; r lb offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said lrultees to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwise, with the Possed'ots, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Commuice; of Lands, tenements or Hereditaments, or other-Property which 2ie or Cull be liable to or chargeable with tile Repair of any Part of the

Trustees may compound for Stauiie Wovk.

352

Trustees may contrail for Repairs.

Penalty on Persons drawing Timber, &c.

And for riding upon Footways,

<] Tiring Catilt, fkc. and damaging Horse causeways, fcc.

4/ GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 17.

said Roads, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his* her, or their Statute Work thereon; and ail'o that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parities, Tov/nships, or Places, or such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor respedivoly as aforei'aid, by and with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places, ft Hi; had at any Vefiry or other public Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwise, with the said Trustees, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by all the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and such Compofuion Monies shall be from Time to Time paid in Advance, and shall be applied in repair of the said Roads, and all such Sur-vevors, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor shall be reimbursed the Money to by them paid, in such Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by the Laws now in being to be reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it find! be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to con;tact and agree with any Person or Persons for the repairing the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work in purluauce or execution of this Act, in such Manner, and or such Sum or Sums of Money annually, or odicr-wife, as the said fruitces shall think proper.

LVII. And be it further enacted,' That if any Person shad hale or draw or eause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall fsffer any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages to drag upon any Part of such Roads to die Prejudice thereof, or shall wilfully drive any loaded Waggon along any Foot or Horse causeway, being Part of cr adjoining to the said L oad.-, or shall withuuf being thereto authorized by (he Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being acting under this Act, fhovd up, ferape, gather, take, or carry away iany Stones, Gravel Sand, Slutch, Mire or Soil, from or oif any such causeway, or any other Part of the said Roads within the Fradsham Difirict, or shall wilfully lay any Timber, Stone, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or 1 iiing whatsoever on the said Roads or Cauiev.ays, or any of them, to the Annoyance or Ob-flruction thereof, or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the said Roads, or shall wilfully drive any Horse or other Cattle, Sheep, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon or shall wilfully or carelessly eause any Damage to be done to such Footways, or if the Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other such Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly pull up, break, or damage any Puffs or Stones erected for the Security of the said Horse causeways, or wilfully or carelessly drive the Wheel of any Carriage against the fame, or shall wilfully or carelessly drive the V\ heel of any Carriage upon any Horse or Foot causeway made or to be made in any Part of the said Roads, or against the Side thereof, every such Person shall forfeit a Sum not more than Ten Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered as other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act may be recovered. One Moiety or Half Part whereof shall be allowed to the Informer.

8

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 17. 353

LATH. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall iicreifter continue or cause to be set up, whenever the same shall be wanted, Stones s t"‘, or Polls in, upon, or near the Sides of the said Road, at the Diltance of continued One Milt from each other, with Inscripiions thereon, denoting the Num* and let up ber of Miles and Distance of Places, and also erect such Guide or Direction- when wanted. Polls with such nferiptions thereon as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull down, break, or damage any I'uch Stone or Poll, or deface or obliterate any of the Letters,

Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the far,ie Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are recovered, One Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied in such Manner as the Penalties are hereinafter directed to be applied.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby inflicted or author zed to be imposed (if the Manner of levy- ho^ t bt; re_ ing and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall upon covered ai.d Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the applied. County of Chffer, or for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall be and reside, either by the Conftflion of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant for those Purposes) and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines when paid or levied (if not otheru ife directed to be applied by this Act', shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said I rustees, and applied in tile Repair of the said Roads, and in case sufficient Distrcfs shall not be found, or such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender to be committed to the common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders agair.fl this Act, Be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to- be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Lffect, (as the Case shall require), videlicet,

‘ gE it remembered. That on the in the Year of Form of

‘ our Lord A.B. is convicted before me C.D. Conviction,

‘ one ot His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same ‘ was committed, and the Penalty or Forfeiture, as the Case shall require].

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above mentioned.

[Loc.&Per.] 4 U—X LXI. Provided

354-

Appeal to the Quarter Selfioas.

Proceedings not to be quart) ed for want of Form.

Tender of Amends may be made.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 17.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further emitted. That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Act or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Chester, within Six Calendar Months after the cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees of this Act, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Chester with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Forty Pounds for each such Person, and his or her Sureties jointly and severally conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Colts as flirdl be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and the Justices of such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters cf such Appeal in a luminary Way, and award such Coifs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of the Justices at such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act shall be quashed for want of Form, or removed or removable by Ce tiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any cf His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or into the Court of Session, or the Court of Exchequer, or any other Court for the said County Palatine of Chester; and that as often as any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespaifer or Trespassers on account of any Deleft or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distrain-ing be deemed a Trespaifer or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggreived by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fnecial L'amage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafe.

LTIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action lor any Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings under or by virtue of this Act, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court in which any such Action shall depend, at any Time before such Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and 6 given

355

47r GEORGII III. Seif. 4. Cap. ij.

given in and by filth Court, as in ether Actions in which the defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject or make liable to the Tolls imposed by this Act, any Horse, Mule, or other Bead which shall be employed in drawing Boats on the Can. I or Navigation belonging to the Trustees named in the Will, or other Representatives, of the late Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewatfr, but such Horses, Mules, or other Beads shall from Time to Time and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, pass and repass Toll-free to and from the Towing Paths belonging to the said Navigation*

LXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees against any Person or Persons by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Names of any Five of the said Trustees on behalf of the said Trustees, and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person or Persons in whole Name or Names the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustees, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on account thereof, but all such Coils and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Monies avifing by virtue of this Act.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice in Writing shall have been given thereof to the Clerk or Clerks to the Trustees of this Act, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Amends, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought, and tried in the County of Chefcer, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may at his, her, or their Election plead (penally, or the General Issue not Guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfu-arce and by the Authority of this Act, and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty Days Notice shall have been thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or Amends made or tendered as aforesaid- or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action; and in case of a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or eftfeontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cases by Law.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, and other Persons wfcomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Exemption for the Horses, Sec. drawing Foats on the Duke of B:idgewater's Canal.

Actions may be brought in the l\ame of the Tica-surer or Clerk.

Limitation 01 Actions.

[Treble Costs.]

Publick Act.

356

Term and Continuance of tke Att.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 17.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the passing thereof, and continue in force for the Residue of the said fubfiiting Term, and for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff! 2.

Cap. 18.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-hxth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, to Wiljley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and lroma Place near Goudhurst Gore to Stilebridge, and from Underden Green to Wanputt's Green, in the County of Kent.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act: was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An An Act 5 G. 3; for repairing and widening the Reads leading from the Turnpike c. 63.

Road at Kipping’s Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horfmonden, and Goudhurst, by the left hand fide of lden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilfley Green, in the Paris]} of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish, of Warden to Stilebridge, in the said Parish and from Underden Green in Marden aforesaid, to Wanfhutt’s Green, in the County of Kent:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the i6G.},e.84. Term of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Reads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping’s Cross, in ILoc.&Per.] 4 T fa

3O2 4/c GEORGII III. Sefi.2. Cap. 18.

the Pe?ifh of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parifi.es of Brenchley, Horfinonden, and Goudhurit, by the left hand fide of Idea Green to the Turnpike Road on Wililey Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and froina Plate near Goudhurit Gore, through the Parish of Mar-den, to Stilebridge in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, in Mar-den aforesaid, to Wanlhutt’s Green, in the County of Kent: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the sains into Execution, and have borrowed a confnlerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on tire laid Roads, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, or even the Interest discharged, of which there is a considerable Arrear; ner can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Acts, should be encreased on Part of the said Roads; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Tl.c said Acts ky Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed respectfurthercon- tively in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His said pre-tinued. sent Majesty King George the Third, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and they are hereby further continued lor and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but Tubjeft nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which fli'all commence and take effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by the said recited Acts, and also of fuc other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purpose of the said Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

Three Truf-

II. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things, au-tees to be a thorized or required by the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of Quorum. them, to be done and executed by the Trustees for carrying the lame into Execution, shall and may be done and executed by any Three or more of the said Trustees present at any Meeting, being the Majority of such of them as shall be then present, and the fame when so done and executed, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all or any greater Number than Three of the Laid Trustees.

No Order to BE And be it further enacted, That no Order made for carrying the be revoked said former Acts or this Act into Execution by any Five or more i ru!-nu\eh a great- tees, shall be revoked or altered unless a greater N umber of Trustees shall Truitts'are be present, and concur in revoking or altering such Order, than werepre-present than sent when such Order was made; nor shall any Order be revoked or made the altered

Order. OOA

3^3

47° GEORGII III. SclV.2. Cap. iS.

titered ss aforesaid, unless at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, public Notice of which Meeting shall be given by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpikes erected or to be erected in pursuance of the said former Acts or this Act. declaring the Intention of repealing such Order or Orders at leall Ten Days before such Meeting.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Tolls in and by Additional the said recited Acts granted, or authorized to be taken between Goudburjl Tolls-Gore and Stikbridge, and also between Underden Green and Wanjhutt’s

Green, being in the said first recited Act called the Second District of the said Roads, there shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be demand* cd and taken at all and every the Gates and Turnpikes erected or to be elected or continued by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, between the respective Places lait aforesaid, the several Tolls following; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast:, drawing any

arriage, the additional Sum of Two-pence:

For every Ilorfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the additional Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the additional Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Pigs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the additional Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in ptoportion for any greater or less Number.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may. Double Toll* and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to causeto be demanded Sundays, and taken at all and every the said Gates and Turnpikes, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in the preceding Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Sunday Night) Double the Tolls which shall for the Time being be authorized to be collected on any other Day, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

VI. And whereas by the said recited Acts all Persons are exempted Four Tolls t* from the Payment of more than Three Tolls in the whole for passing and *3e taken. repaying the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages,

through all the Toll Cates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said Acts, in the Second Disttict of the said Roads: And whereas, in consequence of the large Sum of Money due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls it is expedient that the said Trustees should be empowered to cause more than 1 hree Tells to be taken in the said Second District; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause Four Tolls in the whole to be demanded and taken from any Person or Persons for parting and repassing '

the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to i welve’af the Clock in the next succeeding Night) with the fame Horses,

Bealls, Cattle, or Carriages through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, in the said Second District of the said Roads; any Thing in the said recited Acts ct either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

36+

Addit’onal Tolls vested in the Trustees.

Collector of Tolls lo lie competent Witness.

Exemptions from Toll.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 18.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, paid, applied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, as is or are mentioned and contained in the said recited Acts respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls by the said recited Acts or this Act authorized to be collected, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, Ihsll not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trullees.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for or teturning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which the Ronds hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compoll of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted j for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpose of or returning from plowing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the traw, or Wood not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Husbandry; or for any Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, drawing or car-rving the feme in order for the repairing thereof, or using the fame in Husbandry; or for any IIorfe|or other Bealt’or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Failure, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or for any Hories, Cattle or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Express under the Authority of His Majesty's Pofttnafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the (ante, or in returning back from convey ing"the fame, or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Iiorfes or other Bealls employed in carry ing the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Day s of Exercii'e, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their rs-speflive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectivrfy at the Time of claiming such Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance cf Vagrants travelling wiin legal PalDs; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads doth Tie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or

3 from

47° GEORGII III. Seflr.2. Cap. iB. 36$

from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Christmas Day,

Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any Passenger or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Kent, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Toils granted and continued by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded, every such Person shall for every such Orfence, forfeit ?.nd pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Statute (halt be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable to- Labourj wards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thtreof, shall full remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Roads ate situate (as the Case may be) and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject: and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draught or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute\in Force or Etfcft for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the fan! Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do [Loc.&Per.] 4Z such

366

Application cf Compensation when amounting to 200I.

47° GEORGII III. Sefr.2. Gap.tB*

such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road* as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Da\s and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvell) and in such Pans of the said Road', as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors (had from T:me to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall oiredt; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered determined by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respectivel ersons, liable to the Payment thereof in like Manner as any Penalty is b; he laid Acts authorizedor directed to be recovered; and each and every Person wholhall neglect or refuse to do such StatuteWork as alortsaid, a teiNmice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or thei uiual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trusttes Shall for every Day of his, her, or their Delault, or tht Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or taughts, Hwrfe or Horfts, Beast o. Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them be fub-je£t and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as 1 ch Ptrl'on or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Foict or Effect for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and it any P*rfon wtio shall come to work as a Labourer, ot shall be lint with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Su veyor to the said Trustees, futh Surveyor is htrtby empowered to remove and difmils the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subjtdi and liable to the relp dive Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if lie had ntg-leded or refused to cotne, or such Team or Draught had not been f nt to work on any Pa t of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Tre fur r to the lad Trustees and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or S rveyors of the H'ghways for any of the said Parishts or Places, shall elule or wiliully neglect to give in lurh Lifts as aforesaid, or Goal 1 knowingly and wi'fully give in falle and impeded Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of at.y I. mds, Tenements, cr Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Tiultee for and on Behalf of any Infant, l.unatick, leiiot, Fitne Coeert, or other CeftuiqueTruft, or to any Person whole Lands, 'tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in Uriel or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Monty shall, in case the same shall amount to-rhe Sum of Two hundred Pi unds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Lngland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Gtnerai of the High Court of Chanctiy, tc fee placed to his Account there ex parte the

t. .: j.ov tit c r>(Tsuftte#"

367

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 18.

Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and A| probation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament^, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aiore-fud. flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be rxilting undetermined and ca-pao'eot taking Kffed; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or T hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce o the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said l.ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited aids and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- ot Compen. laments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- fation when ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disabi- 2eooltljmd lity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Ids than the Sum of Two hundred exceeding Rounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then aof. and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy Idiotcy, or Lunacy, so b' signified in Writing under their re!p' £tive Hanus, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and V'ith the Privi'v of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and he placed to his . Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diiecftd, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the iik- Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the irufhes for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approoation to be signified in Wilting under the Hands of the nominauug and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money,

and

£6$

Application of Compensation if Ids than jfe'20.

In case of not making out Tideaf

Where any

Question shall ante touching the Title* to the Money to be

47° GEORGII m. Mia. Cap. 18.

and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed fb fa as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being requ red to obtain the DiteQaon or Approbation of the Court of

Chancery, \ s

XIII. Provided aHb, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be lei’s than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits < f the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Pur poles of the said redited Acts ai.d this Act, in such Manner as the said Truste s shall think fit, or in Case of Infancy, Idiotcv, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons fb entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to vtiom any Sunt or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Linds', Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Art, shall refute to accept the Lute, ox shall nor be ab)t to make a good Title to the Presinks to the Sadid-ichon of the said Trustees y or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or cKl’acvered, then and in every such Case it Ara l and may be lsrwfuTto and for the said Trustees to order the said Sun* , or Si ms of Money so awarded as afottliiid tiiibe paid into the Bank of England, in the tvhme and with the Privity of tbi&.Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parries interesttd in the said Landsj Tenement, or Her*, ditamcnb fdcfcribing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and: Disposition of the said Court ql Chancer', which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of a'by Person or Persons making Claim to‘luch.Sum or Sums of Money, of any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a lommary Way ol Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be iaid out, and invested in the Public Ponds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, recording to the tefpertive Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Preci sea as to the TaiJ Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Mosey, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Ule the fame is or are re-ce ved, to such Person or Persons as shall pay aay such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Periem to any Money te be paid in o the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuaqce of

;-i L _ 9 this'

47* GEORGII III. SeU. 2. Cap. i8. 369

this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest;of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that l'ome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Di lability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money of the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money ior such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act in preference to all other Payments whatsoever; and that after Payment thereof, the Tolls authorized to be collected by the said recited Acts and this Act shall, during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted, be and remain subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said Tolls and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in Force, and be executed

ILoc, & Per. J 5 A for

paid, the Person in Possession shall be deemed entit led thereto, unless, &c.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences be paid by the Trustees.

For paying the Expence* of this Act.

[Public Act.]

Commencement, &c. of Act.

o

47° GEORGII ill. Sell'. 2. CV^.iS.

so: and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majestj. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Cap. 19.

An Act.for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Powers of an A<Et, of the Seventeenth of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South East End of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to Derby Bridge, near The Rujhes, and from thence to the South End of CavendiJJo Bridge, in the same County.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, I? g. 3.0.107; An Act for amending the Road from the South East End of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to Derby Bridge, near The Rulhes, and from the said Bridge to the South End of Cavendish Bridge, in the same County: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded to put the fame in execution, and const-derable Sums of Money have been borrowed, for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, on the Credit of the Tolls di-rtfted to be taken thereon; which Money full remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually kept in Repair unless the Term of the said Act is revived and further continued, and ibme of the Powers and Provifmns thereof altered, amended, and enlarged:

May it therefore pltafe Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and C.onfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ? q present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That therconti- ' the said recited Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of ITis iu'td-present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Directions,

Penalties, forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained,

[Loc. if Per.'} 5 B " ' and

ti

374

Trustees

Proceedings finet* the former Acts to be valid, and indemm-

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 19.

and which were in force immediately before the Expiration of the said Term (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) stall be and are hereby declared to be revived, and shall remain in force, and be exercised and executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, for the Purpose of repairing and rendering more commodious the said Road from the South East End of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to Derby Bridge, near The Rujhes, and from the said Bridge to the South End of Cavendish Bridge, in the same County j but subject r.evertheless to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Creditor on account of the said Act, or of the Tolls thereby granted,or which shall be hereafter bonowed on the Credit of the said Act and this Act, or either of them, and the Interest due and to grow due for all such Money respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposts as if all such Money and Interest had been borrowed and become due upon the Credit or on account of the said Act and this Act, or either of them. y:

II. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Trustees named in or appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, Charles Vere Dashwood, Charles Armand Dashwood, Edward Dcnvfon, Edward Dawfcn junior, Henry Dawson, Richard Chejlyn, Thomas Fijlser, Charles Thomas Hudson, John Ha//on, John Herrick, Thomas Herrick, Thomas March Phillipps, Charles March Phillipps, Samuel March Phillipps, EJward Thomas March Phillipps, William March Phillipps, Henry Cranmtr March Phillipps, John Bainbrigge Story. Edmund Richard Story, and Nathaniel Story Esquires, the Reverend Philip Story, the Reverend Philip Latock Story, and the Reverend Samuel Dashwood, Thomas Daily, Thomas Daily the younger, Charles Ghefiyn, Thomas Chejlyn, Richard Sutton junior, John Rich, William Townley, and William Toone, together with the Rectors for the Time being of Loughborough, Hathern, Long Whatton, Kcgworth, and the Vicars for the Time being of Belton, Castle Donington, D/ezverth, Lvckington and Sheepjhead, Edward Baftl Farnham, John Alifopp, John AJlill, Jc/ph Boultbee, William Bou'thee, Edward Boyer, John Blunt, Robert Blunt, Walter Barrs, Thomas Barrs, James Boott, John Buckley, Jo-feph Almond Cropper, William Cooper, Henry Eddowes, James Ella, Samuel Ella, Daniel Farrcw, William Hall, Henry Holland, James Holland, Jelm Hunt, Charles Lacey, Joel Marshall, William Middleton, Thomas Middleton, Thomas Barfoot Oliver, Joseph Paget junior, William Paget, John Paget, William Rowland, Thomas Stone, Henry Watkinson Whatton, John Watkinson Whatton, shall be and they aie hereby also appointed Trustees for putting this and the said recited Act in execution, under and subject to the Qualification Oath, and Penalty for acting if not qualified as in the said recited Act mentioned and expressed.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Acts, Matters, and Things, which, fioce the Expiration of the Term of the said recited Act, have been done by the Trustees for executing the said Act, or any of them, or by any Collector of the Tolls, or other Officer

or

47° GEORGII III. ^Sdflf. 2. Cap. 19. 375.

or Person acting under them, touching or in Stay wife relating to the amend- for

ing, widening, or repairing the said Roads, or in the Exercise or supposed ha,ins aftH.

Exercise of any of the Powers or Provisions contained in the said Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual toali Intents and Purposes, as if the Term

of the said recited Act had not expired; and that the said Trustees, and also the several Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers and Persons

employed by them, are hereby indemnified for having acted in the Collection or Receipt of the said Tolls, or otherwise, relating to the said

Roads, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would have been if the said Acts had remained in full Force and

Effect.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Meeting*

Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act it shall at any Time be d

thought necessary that an earlier Day should be appointed than the Day "nciet’ea r ro which the said Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk, by an Her than the Order in Writing, ligned by any Three or more of the said Trustees, men- raCuo turning the Time and Place and Purpose of such Meeting, shall by Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpike or Toll Gates then erected on the said Road, or by an Advertisement to be inferred in some one Newspaper published or circulated in the County of Leicester, give Notice of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees for such Meeting (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice) and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such Meeting shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of Adjournment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they Power to are hereby empowered if they shall think fir, to raile and make a Foot A Fv0* Path by the Side of and along the said Road, for the Accommodation

of Foot Passengers travelling the said Road; and that every Person or Persons riding or driving Cattle on the said Foot Path, or otherwise injuring the fame, shall on Conviction before One Justice of the Peace for the said County on Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, toJ gether with the Colls and Charges attending such Conviction, and it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom such Conviction shall be had, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction in the same County, there to remain for any Time, not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he, (lie, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Trustees may sued, for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of sue a?d be this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, for the Time NameVou* being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the clerk. Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this or the said last-mentioned Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, shall

abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Clerks, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Clarks, for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be

Plaintiff

4/* GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 19.

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants the Case may be~] in every such Action or Suit.

II. And whereas it is expedient that the several Exemptions from Payment of Toll allowed by the said recited Act should be repealed; be l it therefore enacted, That all and singular the Exemptions from Toll granted and allowed by the said Act shall be and the lame are hereby declared to be repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act no Perl'cn shall be charged with or compellable to pay any of the Tolls made payable by the said Act for any Horse or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, which shall be going unladen for, or shall be then uled only in conveying or returning unladen or empty after having been employed only in conveying Stone, Gravel, or other Materials ior the repairing any public Road or Highway; or any Lime, Dung, Mould, or Comport for the manuring of any Garden, Land, or Ground; or for any Horse or other Bead not drawing, which shall be going unladen for. or shall be then used only in carrying or returning unladen after having been employed only in carrying any such Stone, Grave), or other Materials, Lime, Dung, Mould, or Comport for the Purports aforesaid; or for any Carriage, Horse, or Cattle going for the Purports of or returning trorh the plowing, tilling, or sowing any Land or Ground, or which shall be used or employed only in the Carriage of or going empty or unhden for or returning empty or unladen, after having been employed only in carrying or drawing any Hay unfold and not for Sale, or any Com in the Straw unluld and not for Sale, cr any Straw or Wood for Fuel unfold and net far Sale, or for any Carriage or Cattle going or passing with any Sull, Harrow, or any such Implement of Iluftundry or for any Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture within the Distance of Two Miles; or fur any Horles or Cattle going to be or returning from being Ihoed or tamed; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other PLce of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated 5 cr attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes j or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty on Sunday, or on any other Djy on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated , or for any Horles, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresscs under the Authority of His Majesty's Portmarter-Gener.il, either when employed in conveying, tetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses,or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers or Voluntters upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms and Baggage j or for any Horle, Mare, cr Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid j or for Horles, Carts, or Waggons, employed in

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2, Gap. 19.

the Conveyance of Vagran’s sent by legal PafTes; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Caiafh, Chair or other Carriage, or the Hoifes or Cattle drawing them; or for any Person on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament lor the said County of Lekester, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor shall any Parishioner of any of, the several Parishea or Townships through which the said Road paflts, be charged or chargeable in any Manner with Toll, at any Side Gate erected or to be erected or placed on the Side of the said Road, by virtue of the said Act or this Act-, and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame,every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Stati shall be liable to do Sra'tute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards bour repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicyler [as tht Case may be~\ and they are hereby required and empfiwered, upon Application made to them by the said f'rullees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame doth lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her or them, paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for such Parish Or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be express-td in f- ch Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of lucK Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, dist nguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whetherwith Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Stature in Force or Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and lb many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Time (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such- Part3 of the said Road, as the said Trustees br any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Tin.e to Time order, direct, and appoint and the said Justices shall and may allb order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of cr as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices Ihsll think nroocr [Loc. & Per.'} 5 C V t9

37*

47° GEORG! I III. Sc It 2. Cap. ic).

to the said Trusters or their Treasurer, at fitch Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame shall and may be rtcoveted by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the relptctive Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is determined by the said Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the Paid Trustees, shall for every Dav of his, her, or their Default, or the Defaultofany Laboureror Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Lawor Statute in Force or Effed for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labou er, or (halt be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to few move and difmils the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught bad not been sent to work on ar.y Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Jarishes or Places shall refuse or neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give tn falle and imperfect Lids, every such Surveyor so offending shall for everf such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

c'om1'0" And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or

ration if agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, amounting to or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uLd by virtue of the Powers of the said Act or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which final I belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Tcodec, for or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Coved, or other Cejiui que Trud, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ate limited in drid or other Sett ement, or to any Person under any other Dilabtiiry or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truf-tecs for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Bircdion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Edition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the J_, and Fax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to he paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments standing fectled therewith to the fame or the like

Ufm,

379

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.\9<

Ufrs, I items, or Purposes j or where such Mom-y shall not be so applied then the Line shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and lettled to, fur, arid upon such and the like Ul'es, Trolls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of then; as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Lid Money shall by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Lid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the Lid Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the Lid Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time be paid by Older of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said Act and this Act, in calc such Settlement or Purchase were made.

5. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Corporation, under any Disability or Incapacity as alorefiid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the 'lime being e>.titled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committee?, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under (heir respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant Genetal of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or o-therwiL the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Tiufites, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such. Option, and approved of by Five of che Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, maybe applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to bepaiJas next before-mentioned shall be less than Iwcnry Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Ulc of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit* or in case

of

Applic ation of Compensation if Ids than zool and not exceeding zoL

Application of C om pentagon Money if less than toU

3§0 47° GEORGII III. Sets.2. Cap.' 19.

of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her’ i r their Cui dian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of fuel) Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Titles* °Ut w^or'1 any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Act; and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accounrant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties incerested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [c/^rr£/»g/i>«w],subject to the Order, C ntroul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall Lem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Fftares, Title, cr Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, ai d to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying lor what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money info the Bank as aforesaid.

Where ary

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any ap^touchin* Qu<?^'on U! touching the Title of any Person to any Money

the Th e to to be paid into the Bink of England, in the Name and with the jhc aidn<th=t0 Priv"y Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pur-

Persons who fuance cf this Act, f r the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or He-shall be in leditamenrs, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tc* fh- Lands" foments, Or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act shall be and this Act, cr to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any fich Mo-entided there- nt*y* or 'iie Dividends or Interest of any fuel) Bank Annuities, the Person untouiikfs, or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming undet such Person or Persons, or under the Possessiort of uch Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest; of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the L:d Court that such Possession was a wrongful Pofteflibn, and thac 01 fume

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 19. 381

some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate 01 interest therein,

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of The court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corp ration, en-

tided to any L.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under reatonabla the Authority of the said Act and th.s Act, the Purchase Money for the f °u> fame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be paid by applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Trustees. to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the la d Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the M nies to be received by virtue of the said Act and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such PurpoLs as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And whereas Offences may be committed against the Laid Act or Coiieaor* this Act by Persons unknown to the Collector.', Surveyors, < r other Of- oihcerTrrnj fleers appointed by the Rid Trustees; be it therefore enacted, That it shall t.ike ortend-be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers re- "^without spectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall cail to his before a Ma-or their Aflittance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, gistrate.

to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, htr, or them before any Justice for the County and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next t’etty Session to be holden within and for the County in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of 'hem, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine every Complaint for Offences against this and the said Act, or either of them, in a summary way; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, htr, or them to the Lloufe of Correction in the same County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty Days, unless he, she, or they shall fconer pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arile touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty authorized to be collected on the said Road, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so ap-

[Loc. & Per.'] 5 D pointed

CoIIe&ors of Toils, See. may be competent Wit-nelies.

382

For paying the E... tnces of passing Act.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Continuance t the Act.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 19.

pointed to collect the said Toils, or acting under the Authority of the fold

T ultces.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cells, Charges, and Expences incider.t to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid and discharged out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said Act, oi out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said Act and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Act shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be revived, and that this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall, together with the said Act, continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self 2.

3!E*4|fi)E* )K*5|t*

Cap. 20.

An Act for repairing and keeping in Repair several Roads in the County of Perth.

[25th july 1807.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from Locbearnbead towards Perth by Comrie, Monievaird, Strowan, Hojh Monzie, and Crieff, and the Road from Loch Tayftde, towards Dumblane by Glenlednaig,

Comrie, Glenlich-horn, Ardocb, and Kinbuck, within the County of Perth, have become, in many Places, so deep and ruinous, that Travellers can* not pass along the fame without great Inconvenience, Delay, and Danger; and it has been found, by Experience, that the Statute Labour which is applicable to the Repairs thereof is wholly inefficient to make the necessary Alterations and Repairs thereon, or to keep them in proper Condition and Repair, when so made and repaired, and for making necessary Bridges thereon: And whereas it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Public were the said Roads effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, and the necessary Bridges erected and maintained thereon: but the fame cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices TruR«, of the Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Heritors of the County of Perth, being in the actual Possession of Lands valued in the Cess Books of the said County, at One hundred Pounds Scots and upwards, of valued Rent, as also the Chief Magistrate of the City and Royal Burgh of Perth, and Royal Burgh of Culross for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads; and for building and keeping in Repair [Iw. fc? Per.] 5 E the

386

Penalty on aftinp, if not qualified.

TruRees not to hold any Place of Profit.

No Viflual-ler, &c. to hold any Place of Profit under this Act. Time and Place of general Meetings and Order of Procedure.

TruRees >o appoint Officers;

and to re. tnove them, find appoint

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 20.

the Bridges thereon; and for putting in Execution all the other Towers and Authorities in and by this Act given and and granted.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee, every such Person, shall for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sreriing, besides the Expence ol Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor of the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Seffior.s, or before the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute of Pertbshire-, which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, to be applied by them for repairing the said Roads, and in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

III. And be it enacted, That if any of the said Trustees shall accept or hold any Place of Profit arising out of this Act, by reason of any T0U9 or Duties hereby granted, he shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit; and that no Victualler or Retailer of Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors shall be capable of holding or enjoying any Office of Trust, Profit, or Collection under this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall hold their first stated or General Meeting by virtue of this Act, on the Fourth Monday after the passing of this Act, or as fbon thereafter as conveniently may be at Perth, and their Second stated General Meeting on the Day on which the next Michaelmas Meeting of the Freeholders of the said County of Perth is held, and shall thereafter hold Two general stated Meetings at Perth in each Yejr during the Continuance of this Act, one upon the Day on which the Commissioners of Supply shall meet for assessing the Land Tax on the said County, and the other upon the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of the said Country, with Power to the said Trustees, or Majority of tholir present at any of the said stated or general Meetings, to adjourn to fuefi other Time and Place as they shall think convenient, with Power to name a Committee of their Number, being Heritors of the respectivs Parishes through which the Roads pass, or Creditors on the said Roads to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Sterling, to have the more immediate Care and Management of particular Parts of the said Roads, ar.j to give their Committees, (whereof Three to be a Quorum,) such In-flruftions and Powers as they shall think fit and expedient, not being inconsistent with the Powers by this Act given.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to anil for the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled as aforesaid, to chuse and appoint fit Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this Act; and also one or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or such other Officers as they shall think proper; and, from Time to Time, to remove such Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Clerks, Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them, and tr> appoint new ones in case of Death or Removal 1 and all and every Person

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 20. 3^7

or Persons, who is, are, or shall be liable, by this Act, to pay the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, are hereby required to pay the fame unto the 0 eal ’ c* said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers so to be appointed, from Time to Time, as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons appointed Collector* as aforesaid, for receiving the Tolls or Duties, and also such Surveyor or and Surveyors shall on the first Tuesday of every Month, or at any other ""^counti. Time to be appointed by the said Trustees, during the Continuance of this Act, give in a true, particular, exact, and perfect Account, in Writing, under their respective Hands, with their respective Vouchers, of all Money which he or they, every or any of them have received, paid and Disbursed by virtue of this Act, by reason of their respective Offices, and verify the fame upon Oath, if required; and in case any overplus Money, so received, shall remain in their, or any of their Hands, they shall pay the lame in to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, at a General Meeting assembled, shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, to be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act j and the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, shall Trustees to and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the a_j|°"

Money arising from the said Tolls or Duties, to make such Allowances ficer5>

to the Officers, so appointed by them, for and in consideration of their

Care and Pains in the Execution of the said respective Offices, and to

such other Person or Persons, who shall have been, or may be assisting in

making and repairing the said Roads as aforesaid, by advancing or laying

out any Monies, or otherwise relating thereto, as unto them shall seem

good: And in case the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Re- Officers not

ceivers, or any other Person or Persons concerned in the Collection or

Receipt of the aforesaid Tolls or Duties, or any of them, shall not make payment,&c.

such Account and Payment unto such Person or Persons, according to

the Order and Direction of the said Trustees, at a general or adjourned Trustees to

Meeting assembled, that then it shall be lawful for any Two or more ‘nftulre ,nt0

Justices of the Peace, for the said County, to make Inquiry of and con- the DcJault»

cerning such Default, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves,

as by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon

Oath, (which Oath any one of the said Justices is hereby empowered to administer,) or by other legal Evidence: And if any Person or Persons antJt° levy

shall be convicted of the Offence aforesaid, by the said Justices, they the sum^e*1*

said Justices shall and they are hereby empowered to impose and levy the

Sum of Money unduly detained or misapplied: And in case such Person or Persons shall refuse, or be unable to pay the said Sum of Money so

detained or misapplied by him or them, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices to commit such Person or Persons to one of the common Gaols of the County, there to remain

until he, ffie, or they shall have made and rendered a true and particular

Account and Payment as aforesaid; or until he, ffie, or they shall have

compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, (which Composition they

are hereby empowered to make,) and have paid such Composition to the

Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, or such Person or Persons

as the said Trustees shall appoint; provided always that such Imprison-

ment shall not exceed Six Calendar Months.

"V I. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are to

hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurers or Collectors, ttkeSecurity Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, to be appointed to

Offices rM Use, V

3^8

Account to be kept of the Money tod Application thereof.

Quorum of Trustees.

47° GEORGII III. Se-ff. 2. Cap. 20.

Offices of Trust for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of their said Offices, as to the Paid Trustees shall seem meet.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall keep an exact Account of the Money received by virtue of this Act, and the Ap-lication thereof, and all other their Proceedings; and enter the fame in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose; to which Book or Books any of the Trustees above-mentioned, shall, at all reasonable Times, be at liberty to resort and inspect the lame, without any Fee or Reward.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Quorum of the Trustees necessary to do Business in General Meetings shall be three; but if only one, or any Number less than three shall be present at any of the stated, or other general Meetings, such Trustee or Trustees shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting; and in that Cafe, Notice shall be given of the Day, Place, and Purpose of such adjourned Meeting, by two several Advertisements, in some Newspaper published at Perth, and in default thereof in some Newspaper published in Edinburgh; the first of such Advertisements being at ieaft fourteen Days before the Day of such adjourned Meeting; and the Clerk of the said Trustees shall have Power, and he is hereby required, when directed, by a Writing under the Hands of any two or more Trustees, to call, at any Time, a General Meeting, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of the Meeting; and at such Meetings no Business shall be entered or decided upon, other than what is specified in the Notice given as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any stated or General Meeting to relcind, alter, or vary the Determination of any former stated or General Meeting, unless previous Notice of the Intention of so doing, and the Time and Place of the Meeting, be given by Advertisements in such Newspaper as aforesaid; and at all their Meetings the Trustees present shall defray their own Expences.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the Convener or Prefes of any Committee, named by any General Meeting, to call, at any Time, a Meeting of such Committee, at any Place within any Parish in which any Part of the District of Road committed to the Charge of such Committee shall be fuuated, on giving Notice, in Writing, at the usual Place of Residence of each Member of such Committee, if within any Parish of such District, at least eight Days before the Day of such Meeting.

Trulleej X. And be it further enacted, and declared, That the said Trustees may sue and may fUCj or be sued, for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Executive Name of t‘on t*1's ^ftj 'n Name the*r Clerk or Treasurer, for the Time their Clerk being; and that no Action or Suit wherein the said Trustees shall be r Treasurer. concerned as Pursuers or Defenders, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer; but that the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, for the Time being, shall be deemed to be the Pursuer or Defender, (as the Case may be,) in every such Action.

For fretting

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees at their first Meeting, Turnpikes. or at any of the stated Meetings assembled, or at a Meeting adverrifed for t J that

Special Meetings of Committees.

3*9

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 20.

that fptcia! Purpose, may direct and authorize Turnkike Gates or Toll Bars to be erected across any Part of the said Roads, and such Number of Toll-Houses as they shall think fit, and may authorize their Collectors or Tackfrren, under their Authority, to take and levy at each of the said Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bars, before any Passage be permitted, the respective Tolls and Duties following; that is to say:

For each Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calalh, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Rates of the or other such Carriage, if drawn by fix or more Horses, or Beads of Tolls. Draught, the Sum of six Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by five or four Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of tour Shillings Sterling; and if driwn by three Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of two Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and if drawn by one Horse, or Bead of Draught, the Sum of one Shilling Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, if drawn by fix or more Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of four Shillings '

Sterling; and if drawn by five Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and if drawn by three Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of two Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and if drawn by one Horse, or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Ninepence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, with or without a Rider, loaded or not loaded, and not drawing, the Sum of Fourpence . Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of two Shillings Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or smaller Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of one Shilling Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or smaller Number; and the said Trustees shall cause a Table of the Tolls to be printed and affixed upon, or near each Turnpike Gate, or . Toll-House; for the Information of all concerned.

XII. And be it further emitted, That the said Trustees shall, if they Weighing find it necessary, cause weighing Engines to be eretted upon such Parts Engines to of the said Roads as they shall think fit, for weighing all Carriages which be eret*e<J< shall pass along,the said Roads, and to receive and take, over and above the Tolls hereby granted, the following Sums of Money, as additional Tolls,.foe every Hundred Weight of one hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh, at any of the said weighing Engines, over and above the Weights which such Waggon, Cart or Carriage is allowed to weigh, without paying additional Toll, that is to say:

For the first and second Hundred, of such Over-Weight, the Sum of Addition*!

Threepence Serling, for each Hundred: Tolls on

For every Hundred, of such Over-Weight above two Hufidred, and not h.cavrCtr-exceeding five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling: riage*.

For every Hundred of such Over-Weight above five Hundred, and not exceeding ten Hundred, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling:

[Lee. Ptr.} SF For

390

Weight of Carriages, ire in Summer and Winter, which will be permitted to pass without paying additional Tolls.

Breadth of Wheels.

4.7® GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 20.

For every Hundred, of such Over-Weight, above ten Hundred, and not exceeding fifteen Hundred, the Sum of five Shillings Sterling:

And for every Hundred, of such Over-Weight, above fifteen Hundred,

the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling:

And that before they respectively shall be permitted to pass through such Turnpike Gate, or Toll Bar; and the same shall be applied as the other Tolls are by this Act directed to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct the weighing of any such Carriages as aforesaitf, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeic the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every Waggon, Cart or Carriage shall be allowed to pass without paying any additional Toll, provided it, with its Loading, does not weigh more than the Weights following, vide/iitl, Evcrv Waggon, or four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies or Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of sixteen Inches rolling on an even Surface eight Tons in Summer, and seven Tons in Winter; for every Waggon or Wain, having the Axeltrees thereof of such different Lengths, that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel, of the nearer Pair of the said Wheels, be not more than four Feet two Inches, to be measured at the Ground; and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel, of the other Part thereof, be such, thac the fore and hind Wheels of such Waggons and Wains, shall roll only one single Surface or Path of sixteen I nches wide, at the least, on each Side of the said Waggons or Wains, and having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, fix tons ten hundred in Summer, and fix tons in Winter} for every Waggon or four-wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches, fix tons in Summer, and five Tons ten Hundred in Winter; for every Cart, having the Fellies of the fame Dimensions, three Tons in Summer, and two Tons fifteen Hundred in Winter; for every Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom, of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of six Inches, four Tons five Hundred in Summer, and three Tons fifteen Hundred in Winter; and for every luth Waggon, so construihd as to roll and actually rolling a Surface of eleven Inches by the Wheels thereof, five Tons ten Hundred in Summer, and five Tons in Winter; for every Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the fame Dimensions, threeTons twelve Hundred in Summer, and three Tons seven Hundied in Winter; for every Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than fix inches, three Tons ten Flundred in Summer and three Tons in Winter; and for every Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the fame Dimensions, one Ton ten Hundr.d in Summer, and one Ton seven Hundred in Winter; and that for the several Purposes aforesaid, it shall be deemed Summer from the first Day of May to the thirty first Day of October, both Days inclusive; and Winter from the first Day of November to the thirtieth Day of April, both Day:, inciufive.

XIV. Provided always that every Cart drawn on Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches and upwards in the Tread or Fellies, and every Waggon with Wheels of the said Breadth, where the hind Wheels roll in the fame Track with the fore Wheels, or with Wheels of six Inches broad, with the hind Wheels rolling in a different Track from the fore W heels, io as to roll at least nine Inches on each Side, shall be iuffered

to

39*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 20.

to pass on paying two-thirds of the Sum which would otherwise be payable for such Carriage; and that every Waggon drawn on Wheels of the said Breadch, with the hind Wheels rolling in a different Track from the fore Wheels, foas to roll at lead fourteen Inches on each Side, shall be differed to pass on Payment of one Half of the Sum which would otherwise be payable for such Waggon; but no Carriage shall be entitled to any of these Exemptions except such as have the Tier of their Wheels counicrfunk in placing the fame on the Fellies, in such Manner that the Nails shall not rife above the Surface, and the Sole or Surface of the Wheels quite flat.

XV. And be it enacted, That where any Drag-iron or other Instru- Drag-iron* ment, shall be affixed under the Bottom or Sole of the Wheel or Wheels

of any Waggon or other Carriage passing along the said Roads, to make fr||jfS of the Passage of such Waggon or Carriage more lafedown deep Hills, every wheel*, such Drag-iron or other Indrument shall be flat at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and shall not be of let's Breadth than the Fellies of the Wheels under which the same shall be affixed, on pain of the Owner of every such Waggon or other Carriage forfeiting any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings Sterling at every Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar through which such Waggon or other Carriage shall pass,

XVI. And be it enacted, That Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars may be when Toll* erected, and Tolls levied at Crieff, Bridgend of Crieff, Bridge of Turret, may he and Bridge of Hcfh, at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, levied, but no Toll Bar shall be erected, or Toll levied on any other Part of the said Roads, until sufficient Security shall be found entered in the Books of the Quarter Sessions, that a Sum of Money sufficient to make fix Miles of such Road in i proper Manner shall be laid out upon it within Three Years.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Tolls may Trustees, and they ate hereby empowered, in case the State of any or all be less-ned of the said Roads, and of the Funds for repairing the fame, shall render and raised such a Measure expedient, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of , Sam* which one calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars which shall be then erected up.

on such Roads, and thrice in some Newspaper published at Perth, or in default thereof, in some Newspaper published at Edinburgh, to lessen or reduce all t>r any of the Tolls hereby granted for and during such Space as the said Trustees shall think proper, and afterwards, at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, if they shall lee Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lelfened to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rates hereby granted: Provided always that where the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the Toils granted by this Act shall not have been paid and discharged, no such Tolls shall be lessened or reduced without the Gonlent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-flxths of the Money remaining due upon such Tolls.

XVIlh And be it enacted, That if any Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bars Toll, to be shall be erected within aless Didance of each other than fix Statute Miles, paid only then every Person paying atone Gate or Bar shall receive a Ticket which °"fe ln fir shall entitle such Person to paf» through the next Gate or Gates, or Bar

392

Tills to be paid only once a-day *t the fame Gate.

Tttiftces to compound With Persons living within three Miles of a Turnpike.

Exemptions from Toil.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. zo.

or Bars, with the fame Carriage or Cattle, without paying, if such Gate or Gates, or Bar or Bars, be '"ithin fix Statute Miles of the Gate or Bar at which Payment was made: Provided always that the said Exemptions shall only take place in the Cafe of any Person or Persons continuing to travel on the fame Line of Road.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having paid the Tolls or Duties hereby granted at any of the said Gates or Bars shall, on the same Day, (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Ni^ht to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night,) be Tubjecft or liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties again at the fame Gate or Bar for the fame Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or any other Sort of Cattle for which such Tolls or Duties shall have been paid for the next Time of passing or repalling the fame;

XX. And be it enacted, That the Trustees at a General Meeting assembled shall be, and they are hereby empowered, as they shall see convenient or think fir, to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise, with ~nv Person or Persons using to travel through the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars, and living within three Miles of any of them, with any Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calalh, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Wag. gon. Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or any other Sort of Cattle, for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid quarterly or monthly, from Time to Time after such Agreement is made; and thac Copies of all such Agreements or Compositions, so to be made by the said Trustees as afore find, shall be entered at length in a Book or Books (o be kept for that Purpose by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, which said Bcok or Books shall be seen and perused by any Person or Persons whatsoever, at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Toll whatsoever shall be demanded or taken, for any Carriage, Horses, or Cattle, loaded with any Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, or.any other Public Roads; or for building, or repairing, Bridges, Toll Houses, or Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bars, within the said County of Perth, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, nor for any Horses or Cattle going to Water or Pasture in, or upon the Farm or Farms in which any Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar may Hand, nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from Church, Chape), or otherjPlace of Religious Worfnip tolerated by Law, and fuuaeed within the Parish where such Persons reside, upon a Sunday, or other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor from Persons attending the Funeral of any Person who shall be buried in any of the Parishts lying in whole, or in part, within the said County; nor for any Hearse, or other Machine, conveying the Body of such Person, nor from any Clergyman going to, or returning from his Ministerial or Parochial Duty, within the Parish of which he is Minister; nor for any Horse or Carriage going to or from any Smith’s Shop to beihodor farried, passing through any Gate within one Statute Mile of such Shop; nor for Carts or Carriages carrying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty alter carrying or

conveying

391

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 20.

conveying any Corn, Hay, Straw, Manure, or Implements of Husbandry to or from any Field through any Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar, situated on any Farm to which the said Corn, Hay, Straw, Manure, or Implements belong, nor Corn of any Kind sent to or returning from Mills or Kilns, manufactured for the sole Use of Persons residing within one Statute Mile from the Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar; nor for any Horles or Carriages of whatever Description employed, or to be employed, in carrying the °Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers, upon their March, or upon Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arm; or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or in returning from carrying and conveying the fame; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by, or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to, or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercil'e; Provided always, that such Persons (Hall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps yespectively; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with and conveying Vagrants or Criminals, sent with legal Passes, or returning from conveying the lame; and if any Person (Hall claim, or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the Lme, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to erect, or cause to be erected, one or more Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, and also a Toll-House or Toll-Houses, at each such Gate or Bar, and there to take and receive such Tolls or Duties as are by this Act granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Side Gate or Bar, shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pass through the nexcGate or Bar, (upon that Line of Road,) pa the same Day, toll-free, if within fix Miles.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money to be raised and collected as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees, and the fame, and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and assigned to and for the several Uses and Purposes by this Act directed, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand and take the Tolls and Duties hereby-granted and made payable; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refule to pay the fame, the said Trustees are hereby empowered by themselves, or such Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint, to levy each and every of the said Tolls and Duties by Distress and Sale of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Goods upon which such Tolls or Duties are by this Act imposed, or by Distress and Sale of any other of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing to pay the said Toils or Duties; and to keep such Goods and Chattels, so distrained,

iUt.VPT.1 sG until

May erect fide Bari.

Tolls vested ia Trustees.

394

Trustees at a general Meeting impowered to let Tolls by Lease, for a Term not exceeding three Years.

47°. GEORGII III. SciE 2. Cap. 20.

until such Toll or Duty, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; and ic shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, so distraining, after the Space of four Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, to appraise and fell the Goods so distrained, returning the Overplus, (if any there be) upon demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls or Duties, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, keeping and felling the lame shall be dedu&ed and paid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Trustees, at a general Meeting assembled, are herthy authorized and empowered, by Public Auction, to let the said Tolls and Duties in whole or in Parcels, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by Lease or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding three Years, for the highest Kate or Rates they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, give such good and sufficient Security, for paying thereof, as shall be approved by the said Trustees.

Trustees

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Mooneyon°the Trustees, over and above the Money subscribed, or to be subscribed, to Tolls. borrow, at legal Interest, such Surn or Sums of Money, as they shall judge to be necessary, on the Credit of the Tolls leviable at all or any of the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars, to be eredteG by virtue of this Act, to be laid out for the Purpol'es thereof j provided that the whole Amount of the Money, so borrowed, shall not, ac any one Time, exceed Ten Thousand Pounds Sterling; which Money, so borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Trustees, at general Meetings assembled, in making and repairing the said Roads, creding Toll Houses, Turnpike Gates and Toll Bars, and defraying the other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and if, at any Time, the principal Monies, to be burrowed as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be paid off, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at general Meetings assembled, from Time to Time, to borrow again any Sum or Sums of Money in like Manner as aforesaid, so that the whole of the Money, which shall be due and owing, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, do not exceed, at any one Time, the original Sum hereinbefore authorized to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls hereinbefore granted and made payable: Provided always, that five Trustees, at least, shall be personally present at all Meetings relative to the borrowing of Money.

;es may the

in Scot Mo. orrotv-

lents

itered

uk.

Securities to be transferable by lit-

do.fe menu

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to assign the whole, or any Part of the Tolls and Duties by this Act imposed, to the Person or Persons from whom the Money as aforesaid shall be borrowed, as a Security for Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, with the Interest thereupon; and the Afligr.ments of the Tolls and Duties for Money so borrowed shall be entered in a Book, to be kept by the said Trustees, or such Persons as they shall appoiot, which Book may be seen and perilled at all reasonable Times by any Trustee or Subscriber, without Fee or Reward; and the Securities to be granted by the said Trustee* for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be transferable by Indorsement, duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the Presence of one or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses.

4:7* GEORG 11 lit: Sess. 2. Cap. 20.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties, unless a written Notice of such Purpose, under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Trustees, shall be affixed on every Turnpike Gate or Toil Bar to be erected by virtue of this Act, at lead fourteen Days before the Meeting at which such Money is to be borrowed, and unless such Notice shall also be published in one Newspaper published in Perth, or in default thereof, in one Newspaper published in Edinburgh, also fourteen Days before such Meeting.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, at their first, or any subsequent general Meeting, to inquire into, and ascertain what Lands in the Neighbourhood of the said Roada will be benefited by the said Roads, and to make up a Schedule thereof, (a Copy of which Schedule shall be delivered to each Proprietor of Lands contained in such Schedule, either personally, or left at his ordinary Dwelling Place one Calendar Month at lead, previous to any Asseirment founded thereon, as herein after-mentioned being made); and it shall and may be lawful for any such Proprietor or Proprietors, if he, she, or they, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by the Manner of making up such Schedule, to apply for Redress to the Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, of the County of Perth, or to the Court of Session, at any Time within three Months after such Schedule shall have been so delivered as aforesaid, but not afterwards; and if no Application for Redress shall have been made within the said three Months, the said Schedule shall not afterwards be liable to be altered; but it shall be lawful to the said Trustees at the End of such three Months, to assess upon the Lands contained in such Schedule, in proportion to their Valuation in the Cess-Books of the County of Perth, the Amount of theefiimated or contrafted Expence, of making the said Roads and building the said Bridges; which Assessment ffiail be levied at the same Time with, and in the same Manner at the Land Tax is levied; and which Assessment shall be and continue a Lien upon the Tolls by this Act granted; and the said Trustees are hereby required to assign the Toils by this Act granted, as Security for such Assessment so levied as aforesaid, with the legal Interest thereon, from the Tim» of its being levied till Payment; and the Persons paying such Assessment, on account of Lands contained in such Schedule, shall be entitled to charge on, and receive from the Tenants of such Lands on account of which such Assessment shall be levied, whose Leases shall bear Date prior to the passing of this Act, one Half of the Interest cf such Assessment, (in proportion to the real Rents paid by such Tenants,) during the Time that such Assessment shall not be repaid, or of such Part thereof as shall not be repaid; and all Persons being Proprietors of entailed Lands, included in such Schedule, shall be entitled to borrow such Sums so levied on the Credit and Security of the said entailed Lands; which Sums so borrowed shall continue a Burden on the said entailed Lands till repaid out of the Toll Duties hereby granted.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who has, or have subscribed, or who shall subscribe towards the making and repairing of the Roads by this Act intended to be made and repaired, shall after fourteen Days’ Notice, given by any Person or Persons authorized by the said Trustees, to receive and recover the Subscription Money,

395

Notices to be given of borrowing Money.

May levy

Money by Assessmenc on Lands benefited.

Upon Ne-gleft or Refusal to pay the Subscription Mohey, the

396

fame may be recovered by Suit at Law.

Trullees not

personally

liable.

Persons by law charge, able towarda repairing Roads, to remain chargeable. Trustees may compound with them.

Application

/Tolls.

The Payment of the Principal and Interest of the Sums subscribed, postponed.

Former Subscriptions and Advances to be secured on Toll*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 20.

neglect, or refuse to pay the fame, by him, her, or them, subscribed, to the Person or Persons so authorized, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, and he or they are hereby required to sue for and recover the said Subscription Money in any Court competent in Great Britain.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall not be held or adjudged to have rendered themselves personally liable for the Repayment of the Money borrowed, or Interest thereof, by reason of having signed the Securities, which Securities are to be held and considered as granted upon the foie Credit and Security of the Tolls, unless specially expressed to the contrary 5 nor shall any Trustee or Subscriber be held personally liable, upon any Pretext for Payment of any Sum which he shall not have bound himself to pay personally, as an Individual, independant of his Office as a Trustee under this Act.

XXXI. Provided, always and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who are by any particular Law or Custom chargeable towards repairing and amending any particular Parts of the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, shall remain chargeable as before passing this Act; and the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered, to treat and agree for any Sum of Money, to be paid Yearly, or otherwise, with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate chargeable with the Repairs of any Part of the Highways, directed to be repaired by this Act, or any Bridge upon the fame, in lieu of such Repairs.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Produce of the Tolls and Duties arising at the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars, to be erected on the said Roads, shall be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding the said Roads and Bridges thereupon, and paying the Interest of the Money borrowed, advanced, and owing at the Time and the Surplus shall be appropriated annually to extinguish the Principal of the said Debt, and to no other Purpose, except for paving the Expences of procuring and passing this Act.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no Interest shall be paid on the Money subscribed, nor shall the principal Sums be demanded, till the Produce of the Tolls and Duties be in the Opinion of the Trustees, at a general Meeting assembled, sufficient to defray the Expence of Repairs, and other necessary Charges on the said Roads, to pay the Interest on the Debt thai may be incurred, and of the Sums subscribed; and that when it shall appear to the said Trustees, at a general Meeting assembled, that the Produce of the Tolls and Duties is sufficient for those Purposes, it shall and may be lawful for them to apply such Part of the Produce of the Tolls and Duties, as they shall judge expedient, in payment of the Sums subscribed, with Interest thereof, from the respective Periods at which these may have been advanced.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money which since the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, may have been voluntarily subscribed, paid and expended by Individuals, either towards building a new Bridge, lately erected over the River Tarret, in the Line of the said Roads, or in making beneficial Alterations or

Improvement*

397

47° GEORGII III. Stfl*. 2. Cap. 20.

Improvements on any Part or Parts of the Paid Roads, and which shall be proved, to a general Meeting to have been so subscribed, paid and expended, shall be and continue a Lien upon the Tolls and Duties by this A<St granted; and it shall be lawful to the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to assign the said Tolls and Duties, hereby granted, to the Person or Persons, who shall have so subscribed, paid and expended such Sum or Sums of Money as a Security for Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with the legal Interest thereon, from the Time of their being so subscribed, paid and expended, till Repayment: Declaring Percent always, that notwithstanding such Alignments the Repayment of such j^oncy dg'-Sums, so subscribed, paid and expended, shall be postponed until the ,owed under Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed in virtue of this Act. the Powers of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Misapplica- Perfom tion of the Money collected, received, or levied by virtue of this Act,

all and every Person or Persons who shall so misapply the fame, or by to'forfeit whose Authority the same shall be misapplied, shall forfeit and pay double the double the Sum so misapplied, to be recovered against him or them, at Sum so mif-the Suit of any three or more Heritors within the said County of Perth, aPPlie<J* possessed of one Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, who are hereby authorised to Cue for and recover the fame in an Action summarily brought before the Lords of Council and Session, without abiding the Course of the Roll, with Costs of Suit, one Half of which Forfeiture shall belong to the Persons who sue for the same, and the other half shall be paid to the said Trustees, to be applied by them for the repairing of the Roads by this Act directed to be repaired; but if any such Prosecution shall after Trial be found vexatious and groundless, the Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall be liable to pay double Coifs.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they Tr"l'e«5mif

are hereby empowered to purchase such Pieces of Ground as they shall ^/nd and judge most convenient, not exceeding One-fourth Part of an Acre for each erect Toll Toll House, Stable, and Garden. Houses.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of Turnpikes, all and every the said Toll Houses, Turnpike Gates, Toll Bars, and To!lHouf«, Bridges on the said Roads already erected, or to be erected by virtue of *c- ,ell*d *" this Act, ac.d the Materials thereof, with the Materials chat shall be lru!*t, collected and dug up for making and repairing the said Roads and

Bridges, shall be vested in the said Trustees, who may and are hereby authorised ro dispose of the same as they shall think proper for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Parc of the Trustees to said Roads are not of a sufficient Breadth, according to the lowed legal w^den Roads, Rate and Standard of Twenty-five Feet, including the Ditches or Water-runs at the Side of the Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to widen and extend the Breadth of the said Roads to the said legal Standard, without giving any Compensation to the adjoining Proprietors on that Account; and where ic shall appear nc- CmuTe ceflary to the said Trustees to alter the Course or Situation of the said thereof, if Roads, or any of them, or to widen them beyond the legal Standard, netefiar’y.

ILtc. fcf Per.] j H then

39,8

4.70 GEORGII III. SttL 2, ' Cap. 20.

then the said Trustees shall, and they have hereby full Power to alter the Course or Situation of the said Roads, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or to extend the same to such Breadth as they shall think proper, To pull not exceeding Thirty-five Peer, including Ditches as aforesaid; and for down Houses- c)lal Purpose to pulldown any House or Houses, the Side Walls whereof are not more than twelve Feet high, provided that by loch Alteration of the said Roads, the lame or any Part thereof be not broughc nearer than two hundred Yards to the Mansion House or ordinary Residence of the Proprietor of the Lands through which such Roads shall be made, nor pals through any Garden, Yard, Orchard, planted Walk, Lawn around, or Avenue to such House; but if ic shall be found necessary to alter any Road which is at present nearer to any such House than two hundred Yards, then it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to make the New Road as near to such House as the old one was, provided that the Old Road be shut up; and that the said Trustees shall pay Paying the such Damages to the Owners and Occupiers resptclively of any Lands, Damages Grounds, or Houses which shall be prejudiced and damaged by altering to'he'Own*’ anc^ w’^enulg the said Roads, or any Part thereof, beyond the legal er£- Standard, or by pulling down any House or Houses, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case any such Owners or Occupiers shall not be satisfied with the Offer made to them by the said Trustees, or shall refuse to treat, in that Cafe the Amount of the Damage shall be determined by a Jury appointed in Manner herein after directed.

Breadth to be left for Roads where Grounds are inclosed.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That if any Person or Persons within the said County, having Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Roads shall inclose such Lands on both Sides, he or they shall be obliged to leave fifteen Feet at least, free from the Middle of the Road to the Fence, and if one Side of any Part of the said Roads has been inclosed before passing this Act, and the other not inclosed, and it appear that the Proprietor of the Ground so inclosed has not left fifteen Feet free from the Middle of the Road to the Fences, the Heritor or PoffcfTor of such Ground on the other Side of the Road shall be obliged, at inclosing the fame, to leave the full Breadth of thirty Feec for the Breadth of the Road, and in case the Ground on the inclosed opposite Side does not belong to the Person lo inclosing, he or (be shall have Right to demand from the Proprietor of the Side first inclosed, or the said Trustees, a Sum equal to the Value of such Part of the said fifteen Feet, as hath not been leit out as aforesaid according as the Proprietor has or has not left the Road of the full Breadth to which he was bound by the Laws subsisting at the Time the inclosure was made; and in case of any Difference of Opinion thereon, ludi Value shall be determined by a Jury, to be appointed in Manner hereafter directed.

Ground

XL. Provided always and be it declared, That in every Cafe where

taken not to it may be necessary to take Grounds as herein before allowed, for dimir.iih the Purposes of this Act, the lame shall not affect, alter, or diminish valued Rent. tpe V3]ue£j Rent of the Lands from which such Grounds shall be lo taken.

XI.I. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Proprietor of Land through which any Part of the said Roads pafles, or for any other

I loufrs not 10 he built*

47° GEORGII III. Seff, 2. Cap. 20. 399

other Person, to erect any House, or other Building, nearer to the nor Trees

Centre of the said Roads than twenty Feet, except where there shall F an:cd,

1 . __ _ , _ J n. F , fr* c nearer to the

have been a House, or other Building, exilting prior to the pairing or Centre of the

this Act , nor shall it be lawful for any Perl'on to plant any Tree or Trees Road than

nearer to the Centre of the said Roads than twenty Feet. twenty Feet.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where any Ditches have been Proprietors made, or hereafter shall be made near the Sides of the said Roads, or cleanse'" through any Fields adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers pitches, of the said Fields, such Proprietors or Occupiers shall, and they are hereby required to keep such Ditches properly scoured, and not to allow the Water to stagnate therein, so that the Roads may he thereby damaged; and if they fail to do so, after fourteen Days’ Notice previously given, the said Trustees, or the Overseers of the Roads, by Direction of any of the Trustees, may, and are hereby required, to order the said Ditches to be opened, scoured and cleansed, at the Expence of the said Proprietors or Occupiers; to be recovered by Distress and Sale of any moveable Efteds, in the same Manner as herein directed for levying any of the Penalties hereby imposed; and if any Occupier of Land shall turn any Water across, or upon the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, he or she shall conduct such Water in an open or covered Drain, of such Form and Demensions as the said Trustees shall order and direct; Occupiers to and if such Occupier of Land shall, after fourteen Days’ Notice, refuse mak.8 or neglect to make such Drain, according to the Direction of the said ^rains» ic‘ Trustees, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order and cause such Drain to be made, and the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to make the fame, agreeably to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees, shall repay to the said Trustees all the Costs, Charges and Expences attending the making of such Dr.ain, and shall likewise pay a Penalty of Forty Shillings; the said Costs and Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale, in Manner herein directed, and to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIII. Provided always, That the Drains and Ditches to be made by Ditches, order of the said Trustees, shall be scoured and kept in repair out of the made by Money arising by virtue of this Act and if any Occupier of Land, Irurteestobe through which such Drains and Ditches are, or shall be conveyed or car- theiVEx-' ried, shall obstruct or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so p^nce. offending shall forfeit and pay double the Expence of repairing and scouring the fame, to be recovered in manner hereinafrermentioned; and the Penalty on said Occupter shall be deemed the Aggressor, unless it shall appear to the filling up Trustees that he was not in fault; and where any Passage for Cattle or Ditches, Carriages acrois any Road, for the Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it passes, shall be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall always cover the Drains crossing the Sides of such Roads, with sufficient Stones, so that the Course of the Water may not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced; and no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Roads, or conduiff ic across any Part thereof, until he shall have obtained the Consent of the said Trullees; and every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road in a covered Drain, of such Depth and Construe-ction, as the said Water may not prejudice the Road.

400

May open Quarriei, dig Gravel, Sand, Sec. in any t.'om-raon.

Or where no Common in other Grounds;

paying the Damage within six Months.

Exception of Gardens, Sec.

Com pen ration to b* made for Ground taken, or Heritage damaged.

Heirs of Entail cuy renounce Claims of Damage.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 20.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fur the said Trustees to open Stone Quarries, and to dig, gather, take, and carry off Stones, Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, or other Materials from or out of any Waste Land or Common, or from any Brook or River running through Open Fields within the said County for the Purposes cf making or repairing the said Roads, or for building any Fences which the Tiuf-tees on the said Roads may be bound to build, without being subject to any Claim of Trespass, or Damage on that Account; and where there is no such Common, or where Sufficiency of Materials cannot be got Irom the fame within a reasonable Distance, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, upon Intimation to the Proprietor or Possessor of such Grounds, at least Fourteen Days before working, to search, dig for, and gather such Materials in the Grounds of any Person or Persons where the same are or may be found, and from Time to Time to cause the same to be carried away, or so much thereof as the said Trustees shall judge necessary for the Purpose of making or repairing the said Roads, without Let or Hindrance from the Proprietor or PoiTeffor of the said Lands, paying always, within six Months thereafter, the Damage done to the Occupiers and Proprietors of the said Grounds from whence the same shall be so dug, gathered, and taken away, or over which the lame may be carried, as the lame shall be ascertained by any two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County; Provided that all Pits or Quarries in use for getting such Materials shall be fenced in and inclosed by the said Trustees: Provided always that it shall not be lawful to dig for Stone, Gravel, or other Materials, in any Ground where a House of the Value of Five hundred Pounds Hands, or in a Garden, Yard, Orchard, Planted Walk, Lawn around, or Avenue leading to such House, or in any Plantations or Woods necessary for the Ornament or Shelter of such House.

XLV. Provided always that full Compensation shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of all Lands, Heritages, or Tenements taken for the Use of the Roads, and for all Damage done to the fame, except in such Cases as are herein mentioned, and for that Purpose the Trustees shall, before entering on any such Ground or Tenements, or injuring the fame, give one Month’s Notice, at the least, to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and make an Offer to them of what the Trustees consider to be the Value, or a just Compensation, unless such Owners or Occupiers renounce all Claim to Damages or Cornpensation, which the Owners and Occupiers in possession at the Time shall be at liberty to do; and that the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Fntai), Husbands, '1 rustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under legal Disabiiitv or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and requited to sell and convey all sucii Lands or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or any of them, and erecting any Toll I ;c fe. Turnpike Gate, or To!! bar, thereon, or for storing Mate-hals or otherwise, where Ground is needfary for the Pupoles of this Act. u

XL.VI. P.ovided that it shall be in the Power of all Proprietors and Occupiers of Land, as well entailed as unentailed, to give up and renounce every Claim of Damage under Twenty Pounds, or otherwise competent

401

47° GEORGII IIP. Sess. 2. Cap. 20.

petenc to them by this Act, for such Ground and Mar. rials as may be required for erecting Toll Houses, and widening Roads under the Powers of this Act, on their respective Effaces, and that such Renunciation is and shall be equally binding on the Heirs of such Proprietors.

XL.VIT. And be it further enacted, That in taking the necessary Ground for making, altering or widening the said Roads, or for any Toll House, Garden or Stable as before mentioned, or in taking down any House or Houses, or any Part or Parts of any House or Houses under the Authority of this Act, if the said Trustees shall not come to an Agreement with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands where the Roads are to be so altered or widened, or whole Fences are to be altered or removed; or with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Ground taken for such Toll Houses, Garden, and Stable, or any House or Houses, or Parc or Parts of any House or Houses, which are to be taken down as aforesaid; or in case the Claim of Damages, which may be thence incurred, has not been renounced in Manner aforesaid, Application shall be made to the Sheriff Depute of the County of Perth, or his Substituce, to summon a Jury, in order to value the Ground necessary to be taken and used, or Houses, or Parts of Houses necessary to be taken down as aforesaid; and the Lots or Damage enfo-ing from the altering or removing Fences; and the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute is hereby empowered and required, upon Application, to order Notice thereof to be given to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground or Houses, and afterwards to iiTie a Summons, in the usual Manner, for calling Together and impannelling a Jury, confining of fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after such Examination, to return a Verdict, upon Oath, as to the Damage fufiair.ed by the Proprietors of such Lands, Fences, Houses, or Parts of Houses; and in making up their Verdict, to be pronounced as herein directed, and in estimating the Sums to belaid to the Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers cf Lands and Houses as aforesaid, the said Jury shall have Right, and they are hereby empowered to take under their Consideration, all Circumstances, pastictslarly the Advantages arising to the Proprietors, Tenants, and Occupiers by the said Roads; and in ascertaining the Value of the Dykes or Ind&sures which it may be necessary to pull down in altering t e Conrfe ol Roads, the Jury final 1 also have Power to direct: such Dykes, as may thereby become ufeiels to the Proprietor, to be taken down and removed by the said Trustees, upon Payment of such Allowance therefor as the said Jury may determine; and it shall be optional to the Proprietor, either to accept of the Allowance lo awarded, or to retain the Materials of the said Dykes, to his own private Ule; and after a Verdict is pronounced as aforesaid, the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute is hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value, and Amount of the Lots or Damage thereby awarded, to the Persons having a Right thereto; and upon Payment being made by the said Trustees, out of the Money raised by virtue of this Act, of the Sum awarded to the Party or Parties interested, or Consignation of the said Sum n any of the public Banks of Scotland, the said Trustees shall, from thenceforth, have Righc to take and ule the Ground, and to take down the Houses and Fences, so valued, tur the Purposes of altering, widening, and extending the said Roads, as fully and effectually, ever after, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Owner or Ownets, Occupier or Occu-

\_Loe. & Per.] 51 piers

Sheriff to fu minor a jury to fix Value of Lanosand Huuki,

Sheriff to adjudge i ay-ment of the Sumawarced by thejuiy.

402

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2a.

pier? of the Grounds, Houses, or Fences had executed regular Dispositions of the fame, and thereupon lnfeftment had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute shall be final and conclusive, withouc being subject to Review, Advocation, Suspension, or otherwise howlbever.

Expences

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event that of the Pro- such jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall '13ve °ffere^> but t*ian c'ie Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers paid tC ft12'! ^ave squired, the Expence of the Proceedings shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, equally; but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and, on the other Hand, if the said Ju y shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum, the whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees: Provided also, That after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them, to

enter into and upon such Lands or Houses, for the Purposes of this Act;

and r.o Stop shall, in the mean time, be put to the Operation of the said Trustees on Pretence of settling the Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid.

Ary Warrant XLIX. And, to prevent unnecessary Trouble and Delay, be it further f°" Wo k"to ena<^ec*» That in case any Person interested shall apply for, and obtain be'recalled0 ^rom anf Judge competent, a Warrant for (topping the Execution of cn Caution any of the Purposes aforesaid, to be carried on under the Authority of

found. this Act, the said Judge is hereby directed and empowered to recal such

Warrant, and remove any Silt obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the said Trustees, for the Amount of such Damages ss may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing far the fame, and ascertained in Manner herein before mentioned.

Re-Inveiling L. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed, or

Purchase awarcjed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased,

mounting taken> or u'ed> by virtue the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes to two ° thereof, winch are held under Entail, or are subject to Liferents, An-

hundred nuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation,

Pounds. married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under Disability

or Incapacity; such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction, and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the latent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made, upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax,

ur

403

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. so.

or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parts thereof, as the said Courts shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages handing settled therewith, to the lame or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Courr, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Lies,

Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands,

Tenements, and Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood lettled or limited, or such of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiliing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest, or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Ifless than agreed, or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, Twohundred purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disabihty or Incapacity as meaty aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall Poandi. exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land*, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or uftd, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curator*, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hand?, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed; cr otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by two or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such principal Money, and the Interest ' arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Undtr Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid, as iaft before mentioned, shall twentJ be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, che fame shall r°und,‘ be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Reirs and Profits of the L ands, Tenements, or Heritages lo purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any two or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their 1 utors or Curators, to and for the Uie and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In case of whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of not making

Lands, cutTiUe-

404

Where Ques tions arile touching the Title.

Expenses in case of Dif. ability.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2o.

Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known ordiscovered, then and in everjl such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, <o awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotlatui to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, describing them, subject to the Order, Concroul, and Disposition of the Coure of Session, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part there-of by Petition shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Efcates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shill receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is, and are hereby required to give a Receiptor Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title cf 3ny Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in ai.) Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons, who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poflelhon of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session j and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into tht said Bank, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be lerded to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act; it shall be lawful for the said Court, to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made In pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining

405

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 20.

ing such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon Application of the Trustees, to suppress any Bye Roads, that do not appear to be of Importance to the Put'uc, so as to prevent any Person or Persons, travelling the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, from avoiding the Payment of any Tolls or Duties granted by this Act; Provided always, that Notice of the Resolution, to (hut up such Roads be given by Advertisements affixed to < he nearest: Turnpike Gate, and to the Doors of the three nearest Parish Churches for two consecutive Sundays, one Month at lead, before the Roads shall be actually (hut up, and that any Person or Persons, who shall think themselves injured by such Resolution, may apply to the Sheriff of the County, or his Substitute, who, if he fees Cause, is hereby empowered to suspend the Execution thereof, until the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County; and the Determination of the Justices, at such Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Review by Advocatiun, Suspension, or otherwise howsoever.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause Foot Paths, to the Breadth of eight Feet, to be made along the Sides of the said Roads, in such Places as can conveniently admit of the fame; and if any Person shall ride or drive a Carriage or Cattle upon any Foot Paths made or to be made, or shall in any way wantonly injure the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein after directed.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Ground on the Side of any of the said Roads is inclosed or planted, the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Ground shall be obliged, at the proper Sealon of the Year, to lop the Trees, Bushes, or Hedges in a proper Manner, so as to give sufficient Breadth and Air to the said Road, and in case they neglect to do so for six Months, after being required by an Order of the Trustees, the said Trustees shall have Power to appoint the same to be done at a proper Season of the Year, at the Defaulter’s Expence.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones and Posts to be erected on the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance at each Mile, or at such other Dif-tances as they may judge convenient , and also to order or cause to be erected. Guide Posts and Railings upon such Parts of the said Roads, where the Roads, are eroded or joined by other Roads as they shall judge proper.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall maliciously break down, or otherwise injure any Mile Stone or Post, Turnpike Gate, Toll Bar, Pcft, Chain, Rail, or Bar, or any House erected for the Use of such Turnpikes, or any of the said Bridges, or any Parapet Wall, Paling, or Fence on the Sides of the said Road, or shall

\Ltc, id Per.J 5 K mal-treat

Justices t« suppress B/e Roads.

Trustees may make Foot Paths.'

Penalties for riding oa them.

Posseflori to lop Trees, Bushes, or Hedges.

Trustees may measure Roads, erect Mite Stones, Sec.

Punching Persons injuring Mile-Stones, or Gates.

40$ 47° GEORGII III. Sess. i. Cap. 20.

maUtreat any of the Toll Gatherers or Persons employed in making and repairing the said Roads, or shall be aiding and assisting thereto, or shall forcibly pass through, or affiil any Person in forcibly passing through, any Turnpike Gate, or shall rescue any Person in custody for the raid Offences, or any of them, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trustees, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his own Con-session, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or before anyone or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Perth, or where the Offender shall reside, shall not only forfeit and pay the whole Damage and Expences sustained, or that may be incurred by such Offence, but shall also be imprisoned for six Weeks, or pay a Fine not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, and in case the said Penalty, Damages, and Expences so adjudged shall not be instancly paid, or sufficient Security given (or the fame, the said Sheriffs or Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit such Person or Persons so convicted, to Prison for any Term not exceeding three Calendar Months nor less than one Calendar Month.

LXI. And for preventing Annoyances in, or upon the said Roads, be it further enacted, That from and after two Months from the Commencement of this Act, every Person in ploughing any uninclosed Grounds or Fields contiguous to any of the said Roads, shall always make Head Ridges along the Sides of the said Roads, of the Breadth of eleven Feet at least j and every Person or Persons who shall not leave such Head Ridges, shall forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding ten Shillings Sterling; and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any of the said Roads, shall open inwards to the Field; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall lay or leave any dead Horses, (except in case of Accident,) or other Carrion, upon any of the said Road6, or within twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the said Roads, or any Dung, Lime, Soil, or Corrpost, or Matter whatsoever, either for manuring Land, or any other Purpose; or leave any Cart or Carriage without sufficient Cause, or the Loading thereof, or other Obstruction whatever, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yards of the Side thereof; or if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall leave any Horses, Oxen, Cows, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or other Cattle, on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or suffer them to graze upon the Sides thereof, or on the Drains or Ditches along the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings Sterling.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if after the passing of this Act any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or C3ufe to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Carriage,&c. Timfoer, or any Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or any Plough or Harrow, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage or Sledge, or shall suffer any Tree, or other Matter whatsoever* which can be conveyed upon a Wheel-Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, or shall permit such Tree, or other Matter to project over the Side or Sides of such Wheel Carriage, or such Plough or Hairow over the Side or Sides of such Wheel-Carriage or Sledge; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum,

Head Ridges to be made 00 the Sides of the Ro»d.

Articles to be drawn nn a Wheel

407

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a* Cap. 20‘

not exceeding ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered in Manner herein after directed, c

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, from any Coach, Chaise, Chair, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calash, or Hearse, or any Horse or Horses, Ox or Oxen, or other Bead of Draught, from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, before the same shall come to any of the Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bars, erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid paying any Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, each and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted, by the Oath of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his or their own Confession, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace, for the said County of Perth, or where the Offender shall reside, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, occupying any Lands, or other Premises near to any of the said Roads, shall afljfl, or be accessary in permitting any Person to pass over the fame, or through any Gate or Passage with any Horse, Bead, or Carriage liable to pay Toll by virtue of this Act, or shall forcibly pass through, or alfifl any Person in passing through any Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar erected, or to be erected on the said Roads, whereby the Payment of such Toll may be evaded, such Person or Persons, so assisting or permitting, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Horse, Bead, or Carriage, through such Grounds or private Passage, and any Person or Persons riding or driving any Horse, Beall, or Carriage through any private Road, whereby the Payment of the Toll may be avoided, or forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar, being convicted thereof, by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Perth, or where the Offender shall reside, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, having paid the Toll or Duty by this Act imposed, and having a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets signifying the Payment of such Toll or Duty, shall give, or dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons in order to avoid the Payment of the said Toll or Duty, every such Person, so giving or disposing of such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, and the Person receiving the fame, being convicted thereof, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or before any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or where the Offender shall reside, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter directed.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Keeper of a Turnpike Gate shall, by himfdf or any other Person employed by hinj, demand and - . take.

Preventing Evasion of Tolls.

Penalty on

permitting a private Passage, StU,

Penalty o%

Persons

disposing

of Ticket!.

Penalty in case of Col* letters ae*

40 8

mantling more than the legal Ratet, or otherwise mifbehdV-ing.

Penaltiei

and Forfeitures not particularly specified, how to be levied ud applied.

If Penalties not paid. Offenders may be committed to Prison.

Persons aegrieved may appeal to the Quarter Selhon.

47° GEORGII III. Seff 2. Cap. 20.

take a higher Rate of Toll or Duty, than that which he shall be authorised to take by the Trustees; or shall demand and take Toll or Duty for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle exempted by this Act; or shall neglect to give constant Attendance at all Hours, or to give free and ready Passage to any Person or Persons, willing to pay the Toll for their Carriages, Horses, or other Cattle; or shall afiaulc, maltreat, or insult any Person or Persons passing or repaying the Gate kept by him, he shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, to be recovered by the Person or Persons aggrieved, on a summary Complaint before any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute, or Sheriff Substitute of the County of Perth.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not particularly specified, shall on Proof of the Offence before the Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or any two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Perth, or where the Offender shall reside, either by the Confession of the Party, the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other Legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of such Sheriffs or Justices (which Warrant they or any of them are hereby authorised and required to grant, and administer the Oaths gratis,) such Sale being always made by Public Auction to the hLheft Offerer, at such Place as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within six Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the overplus Money arising from such Sale, after Dtduftion of the Penalties imposed, and Charges in recovery thereof, shall be returned on Oemand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by chis Act, if not otherwil'e hereby appropriated, shall be paid, one Half to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half to the said Trustees or their Collectors, to be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, or sufficient Security tiven for Payment, it shall be lawful for the said Sheriffs, or ’ any two of the said Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol, or to a House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, determined by the said Trustees, or any of them, or - by the Order ofone or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, not assembled in Quarter Sessions, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath been already directed or appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions for the County of Perth; or in case the Caule of Complaint shall arise within fifteen Days before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal may be made to the said Justices, at the second Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved; and if they lee Cause, shall and

may,

47° GEORGII III. Bet 2/' daf . 2k 409

may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate, at their Discrecion, all, or any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties impafsd or incurred by the said Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and let aside the Conviction or Convictions, and let the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Colts as to them, in their Discrecion, may seem proper, and may levy, by their Order or Warrant, such Colts so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame; and for Want of sufficienc Distress, commit the Party to the common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until Paymenc of such Colts shall be made; but the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall, and they are hereby directed, to give Notice in Writing, to the Defendant, of such Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal fifteen Days before the said Quarter Sessionsand shall, within Five Days after such Norice given, lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Justices, a Bond ligned by him, her, or them, and two sufficient Securities, obliging him, her, on them, to prosecute such Appeal; and in case such Appeal shall bedifal-allowed, to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direCi on that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall, at the said Quarter Sessions, be there heard, and finally determined, without being subject to Review lay Advocation, Suspension, or otherwise howsoever.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That any Trustee or Trustees appointed Tmrtsej to put this Act into Execution who is, are, or shall be in the Com mffion mav a* of the Peace for the County of Perth, and shall not be interested in the jUlt:ces" Caule to be decided, shall and may act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their respective Jurisdictions, for the more effectually putting in Execution the fevetal Authorities and Powers in this Act mentioned and conca ned, notwithstanding such Justice or Justices of the Peace is, are, or shall be a Trustee or l rustees as aforesaid, or a Creditor or Creditors upon the Tolls.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints Limitation for all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures impoied by this Act, or efAifions. for any Wrongs done, or Injuries suffered in any Matter thereto relative, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the space of three Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

LXX!. And be it enacted That the whole Expences in preparing, F,.D<.nc, of procuring, and passing this Act, the surveying and estimating the said Roads prior to the passing hereof, and all other Expences attending the how tobe lame shall be paid out of the first and readied: Money lubicnbed,°bor- Fald-rowed, or collected by virtue of this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, Tbj*c this Act shall be deemed P Kl- .« and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of A -

as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded. r 1

LXXIII. And be it funner enacted, That this Act shall commence and r

[Lot. Per.l r T , L°rctnence-

L J 5 *+ take men t and

4io 4/ GEORGII III. SeflT. 2. Cap. 20.

Continuance take place from and after the passing of this Act, and shall have Confirm-of the AG. ance from thence for and during the Space of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SdT. 2.

Cap. 21.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as they relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and 5G. 3. widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent: And whereas an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of 6G.3. Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road front Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the fame relates to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, paged in the Fifth 26 G. j. and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road c. 134., from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Warts Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the [Loc, (A Per.} 5 M said

47° GEORGII III. SclT.2. Cap. 2 r.

said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Pur-p 'fe they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, which Money Hill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off; nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, tihlcfs the Term granted and continued by the said Acts is further continued, and feme of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed respectively in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty-sixthYearsof the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be and they are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Acr, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted shall be, and they are hereby declared to be subject and fable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by the said recited Acts, and also of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, and of all filtered due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation draft arise touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls by the tied from be- recked Acts or this Act authorised to be collected, or any of them, bigWitncffes. the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

Exemptions

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of rum o s. this Act no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compost of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpose of or returning from ploughing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Honfcs, Out Houses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners

414

Said Acts further continued.

Collector of Tolls, fcc.

4-i5

47° GEORGII IIJ. Sqifi. a.

Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, qr othyr IropItiqe, M of Husbandry } or for any iioife, or other Beall or Carrie, drawing.or carrying the fame in order for thq repairing thereof, or qfing the lame in Husbandry; or for any Horse or other Beast or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture, or going to be or returning from being shoed or favried; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsotyer Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprrffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Poffmafle.-General, cither when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding tire fame, or in returning back front conveying the fame-, or for the Ilorlcs of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding fnrniflted by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respediv? Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Fades; nor Shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Pa-t of the said Roads doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celtbrated, or who Shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial cr Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor Shall any Toll be demanded or taken for cr in resped of any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Kent, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election Shall begin or be concluded; and if any Pctfon Shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or Shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the said incited Acts and this Act, or any Fart thereof. Shall be evaded, every such Person Shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be ciiargeable towards repair, ing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liab'e thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any I wo or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Roads are situate (as the Case may be) and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their 1 realurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly* to adjudge and de-, termine

Statute

Labour.

4i6 478 GEORGl! HI. Sess. a. Cap. 2t.

termine what Fart or Portion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Pari lies or Places in which the fame do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money r-ceived by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuel* Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as afore laid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the feverat Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofnion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as tnc said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each at d every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road', shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, (Och Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmils the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Ca!e every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or rcfuled to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees,

and

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Ctp.21. 417

and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in care the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Flares shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and Imperteft Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or App'.kat'ori agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, a*

or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the a'°o’unting td said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong JOol. to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust,

Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, cr to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred P.unds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a funjmary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchaseor Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts,- or such Other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing settled‘therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out arid inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, fruits* Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meaniime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds/er Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, tpr Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made;

y Per.J 5 N

+i8 47° GEORGII III. Seftz. Cap. 21,

Application

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so °ion wkenUfi aSrct<* or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, than'aooL purchased, tak*n, or used for the Pur poles aforesaid, and belonging to and exceed- any Corporation, or to any lVrfon or Persons under any Disability or inca-ing zoL pacity aforesaid, shall he less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Oprion of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so pur.haf.-d, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Lliotcv, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands,) be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons, making such Option, and approved of determined by Five of the I'rustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Patties,) in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, miy be applitd in any Manner herein-before directed, sofar as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chaflcefy.

Application

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money of Compenfa- so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before-mentioned, shall be leis tion when left than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such C-Tys the iame shall be applied t an 20. tQ tjje jjfe of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, tak-n, or uled for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and fur the Use and Benefit ui such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be puyehafed by virtue of the said iccited Acts and this Act, shall refute to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Prtmifes, to the Sapstadion of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whum such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found} or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovtred, then and in every such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Partiesintercfted in t-is? said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \defcnbingtbtm\ subject to the Crjer, Controul, and Dispofuion of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Aj plication of any Person or Persons making Clam to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or

Petition

In case of not making out Title*.

GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap 21. 4*9

Pet I? fan shall be and is hereby empowered irt a summary way of Proceeding, or othmvife as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to belaid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are reaeived, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to Qtfeftion shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity oh

the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this the Money to or the said Acts, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredna- be paid, the ments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, p°"s wh" or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and poflyfio^of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such the Lands Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the shallbedeem-Person or Persons who shall have been in possession of such Lands, Tene- ^ereun'cf ments, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all P. rfons unUfs. ikc claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Posst flion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuiiics to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Pofltflion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, Chancery entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased or^?r under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Ex peaces'of Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, Purchases to and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Here- be paid by ditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in Pursuance of the said recited Acts the Trustee#> and this Act,it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery,

to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall dtem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct/

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Cost, Charges, and Ex- v

pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall th^Exp'enle* bt paid and discharged out of any Money already collected or received by ofthit Act.

virtue

420

[Public Act.]

Commencement ind Duration of

this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.zt.

virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the First Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in prefercpce 10 all other Payments whatsoever a and that after Payment thereof, the Tolls authorized to be collected by the said recited Acts, Ih-d), curing the Continuance of the Term hereby granted, be and remain subj; dt and liable to the Payment of all Montes now due and owing, anti which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said Tolls, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame resptdhvely.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from the parting thereof, and shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

i GEORGII III. REGIS-

ta

Sess. 2.:

Cap. 22*

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Filth and Twenty-hxth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lam-berhurst Pound, and Pullens Hill, in the County of Kent, and from thence to TV eft Farley Street, in the County of Kent.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third intituled, 5 G. 3. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullens Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullens Hill, through the Parishes of Horfmonden,

Mardc n, Yalden, and Welt Farley, to West; Farley Street, in the said County of Kent.- And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty, sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ail of the Fifth Year of His present RlajeJly, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lambethurlt Pound, and Pullens Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullens Hill, through the Purifies of Horfmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Earley, to West Fariey Street in the said County of Kent: And whereas the Prustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have [Lee. & Per.] 5 0 proceeded

4^2

the said Acts further continued.

Three T ruf-tees to be a Quorum.

No Order to be revoked unlef» a greater Number of Trustees are present than made the Order.

Collector of Tolls to be a competent Witness.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 22.

proceeded to put the fame into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, which Money Hill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be efleftually amended, widened, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed respectively in the Fifth and Twenty--sixth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, therein respectively contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) dial 1 be and they are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if the lame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Efteft immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the 1 oils granted or authorized to be taken by the said recited Acts, and also of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may b« bortowed far the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

H. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or required by the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, to be done and executed by the Trustees for carrying the fame into Execution, shall and may be done and executed by any Three or more of the said Trustees present at any Meeting, being the Majority of such of them as shall be then present, and the fame when so done and executed shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the lame Force and Effect as if such Acts, Matters, and Things, had been done and executed by all or any greater Number than Three of the said Trustees.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Order made for carrying the said former Acts or this Act into Execution by any Five or more Trustees, shall be revoked or altered, utile Is a greater Number of Trustees shall be present, and concur in revoking or altering such Order than were present when such Order was made, nor shall any Order be revoked or altered as aforesaid tmless at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, publick Notice of which Meeting shall be given by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpikes erected or to be erected in purfuar.ee of the faiii former Acts or of this Act, declaring the Intention of repealing such Order or Orders at Icaft Ten Days before such Meeting.

IV,: And be it further-enacted, That In case any Dispute, Suit or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls by the said recited

4

4/1 GfeO.fi GII ill. . Cup.2?.

recited Act authorized to be collected, or any of'them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any Other Parian or Per forts acting by or under the Authority of the said Trusttes, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Disputa, Suit, or Litigation, by rea-lon of his, her, of their being lo appointed to collect the Laid Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the Laid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compost of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden, ot other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpose of or returning from ploughing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implements of Husbandry; or for any Horse, or other Bealt or Cattle, drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or tiling the fame in Husbandry; or for any Horse or other Bealt or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Failure, or going to be or returning from being Ihoeu or farried; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majtftj’s Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the feme; or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mure, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Coips cf Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their rel'peftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bealt employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants (ravelling with legal Palfes; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, who shall pats through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on Chrijimat Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered

by

4 24

Statute

Labour.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 22.

by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in relped of any Horl'e, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any Passenger or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Kent, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Roads are situate (as the Case may be) and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application nude to them by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or i reasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Nantes of the J several Persons who within such Parish or Piace are by Law subjetl and liable to do Statute W ork for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, diltinguifhiDg the Nature of the Work to be done, whether v. ith Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may b? directed by any Law or Statute in Force or Effrft for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lilts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work as aforesaid upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the lame shall be done at such Days, and at such Times not being Hay-time or Harvest, and in such Farts of the said Roads as the said Justices, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Per-l'ons who by such Lifts shall appear to be futjecl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Pr: portion thereof as the said Justices shall thfnk

9 proper

47<t GEORGII til. Sets.2. Cap. 22. 425

proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at Rich Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in default of Payment thereof, the lame shall and may be recovered by Distreis and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, leant or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to Rich Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle, or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be Rjbjeft and liable to the respective Forfeitures ami Payments as aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said 1'rustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads, and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in lalfe and impeifed Lifts, every such Surveyor fij offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or Application agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, of Compen-or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of f*tlonif. the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall

belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee In Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot Feme Covert or other Ceftuiquel’rust, or to any Person whoseLands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrifl or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whats^ever, such Money mall, in case the fame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there cx parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and, this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction anJ with the Approbation of the said £ourt, to be signified by, an, Order made upon a Petition to be preferred hia summary Way by the Person or Persons-who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such. other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize,to be paid,-affecting the fame Lands* Tenements, cr Hereditaments, or affecting other Land?, Tenements, or Hereditary Per-2 5 P ' ments,

4-26

Application of Con-pen* fat ion it less than s£lco. and exceeding i£iz

Application of Compen. fation if less than

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 22.

ments, {landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Ufies, Trurts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That If any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Pctfoni making such Option, approved of by Five of the Trullees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Pr ovided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be lets than Twenty Pounds then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fp purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts

w

47° GEORGII Hi. ?cfT.

Acts and this Act, in such Manner a* the said Trustees shall think fit, or in caieof Infancy, Idiotcy, or I.unacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, ht r, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for’the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively. i <S31U odd odi bnB

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the fame, to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Incerell of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Caftner or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and speccifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank a3 aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Lurchafeof any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to 'any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and ail Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or inte eit of the Bank Annuities to be- purchased with such

In case of not making out Titles.

Where any

Question shall arise touching any Title to the Money to be paid, the Person in Possession shall be entitled.

428

47° GEOH GII III. ScHl 2. Cap. 22.

Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless ir shall be made appear to the said Court that such PoiTdlion was a wrongful Possession, and that foine other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money of the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in puri'uance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act:, who shall from Time to ‘l ime pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

ttwlxpencei

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Colts, Charges, and ofthisAdV Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining andpaffing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever; and that after Payment thereof, the Tolls authorized to be collected and received by the said recited Acts shall, during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted, be and remain subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said Tolls, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

[Public Act.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act.and shall be judicially takenNotice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences to be paid by the TrufLei.

Commencement and Dotation ef it.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force, and be exe* cuted for and during the Residue now' to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew St rah an, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Maje.'ly, 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4*t*M*t*«

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stibbing* ton-cum-Wandesford other wise Wansford, and the Hamlet of Sibfon within the said Parish, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Stibbington-cm-Wandesford otherwise Wansford, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, and in the Hamlet or Sibfon within the said Parish of Stibbington-cum-lWandesford otherwise Wansford, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing together Five hundred Acres and upwards: And whereas there is also a certain Common Meadow called Sibfon Meadow and The Holme, containing S:xcy-five Acres or thereabouts, Parc whereof lies in the said Hamlet of Sibfon, and other Part thereof in the Parish of Water Newton, in the said County of Huntingdon, the Property and Occupation of which annually shift, and the Boundaries of the said Hamlet and Parish of Water Newton therein are undefined and uncertain: And whereas the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford is Lord of the Manor of Sibfon aforesaid, and claims ro be Lord of a Manor of Stib-

Seff 2.

[25th July 1807.]

L lot. &Per.}

5 3.

bington,

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 23.

btngion, in the said Parish of Stibbington-cum-Wandesford otherwise Wans* ford: And whereas William Walcot Esquire also claims to be Lord of a Manor of Stibbington, in the said Parish of Stibbington~cum-WanJesford otherwise Wansford: And whereas the said Join Duke of Bedford is fcifed of tlxr Rrcfory and Advowton of die Parish Church of Stibbington-eum-Wandesford otherwise Wunsfrd aforesaid, and of the Right of Patronage and Prtfentation of, ib, and to the fame; and William Wing Clerk, is Rtdbor of the said Rectory and Parish Church, and as such is entiled ta certain Glebe Land', Parcel of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and C mnn>n Paftutes, and has as daimsto have rei-tain Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights and Inrerefts in, over, and upon the fame, and in, ovr, and upon the said Commons and Walle Lands, and as such Rector as aforesaid is also entitled to all Tythes, both Grea*: and 5 nail, arifng, renewing, and in; rrafing Within the said Parish of Stibbingtcn-cum-Wande’ford otherwise Wansford, and within the said Hamlet of Sibfon: And whereas I he said John Duke of Bedford William Walcot Esqure, and others, are Owners and Prop-ietors of, or otherwise in-rerelted in the Lid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, and are or claim to be also entitled to certain Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights and Interests in, ovet, and open the fame: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for confalidating in one Act certain Provifwns vfually infer ted i:i AOs of It: clef are, and for facilitating the Mode of proving tie several Fafts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the PiOptrties of the said several Owners and Proprietors of and in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, are very much intermixed, and are inconveniently situated for Cultiyation, and in their present State are incapable of any considerabk Improvement, and it will be highly advantageous to such Owners and Proprietors, and to the several Persons entitled to Rigiits of Common and other Commonable Rights as aforesaid, if the said Meadow called Sibfon Meadow and The Holme was divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors, and other Perfor.s inu-rested rherein, according and in proportion to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, and if such Allotments were conveniently laid together; and it all other of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow', Common Pastures, Common', and Walle Lands, were divided ard allotted unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors, and other Perlotis interested therein, recording and in proportion to their respective EfLttes, Rights, and interests, and if such last mentioned Allotments were conveniently laid together and inclosed; and it will also be very advantageous to the Parties interested in all the Lands and Grounds within the said P.irish of S libbing for, - cum-Wa r.drsfora otherwise Wandsford, anti within the said Hamlet ot Sibfon, ir the lame, in ConL fideraiion of an adequate Curopensation, were ddcharged Irom Tyrhes; but iua much as the said feversl Obj.dbs cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad'ice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and J cinpoial, and Com motif, in this present Parliament assembled, and by air*. D .12 ► - - the

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 23. 431

the Authority of the time, That the said Meadow, called Sibfon Meadow ?nd The Holme, shall be divided and allotted, and that all other of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Lands, shall be divided, allotted, and in*

closed, and thar all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of

StibbingtoN-cum Wandesford otherwise IVamford, and within the said Ham-

Jet of Sibfen, iubjeck and liable to Tythes, shall be discharged therefrom;

and that Edward Hare of Gajlor in the County of Northampton, Henry Commission-

C> of It of Elton in the County of Huntingdon, and John Bure bam ciCon- ers>

pbigfoin the County of Lincoln, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be

elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for valuing, dividing, and allotting the said

Meadow called Sibfon Mea low and The Holme, and for valuing, dividing,

allotting, and inch sing all other of the said Open and Common Ficlus,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands,

and for discharging from Tythes all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Sttbbington-cum Wandesford otherwise Wansford, and

within the fud Hamlet of Sibfon , subject or liable torhe Payment of the fame, ami fur putting this and the said recited Act in Execution, in Manner and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directior.s herein-after

contained, and also lubjcd to the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations

of the said recited Act (except where the same are hereby varied or

alte'ed); and that ail Powers and Authorities, Directions, Matters, Two Com-

and Things, hereby or by the said recited Act given to or directt d to be missionersmay

done and executed by the said Commissioners, may be done and executed att-

by or before any Two of them, and shall be as valid and effectual to all

Intents and Purposes as if done and executed by or before all the said

Commissioners.

/its to foldtq ir. j ntjilj nr imu .(jOtJAVjhu’J mi tnJBUjfl

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners Elc&ionof hereby appointed, or who shall be appointed as herein-after mentioned, new Commis-shall before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in f‘oner8> them resprclively veiled, die, or refuse or become incapable to act, or without l'otne lawful Cause neglect to attend a Meeting for putting this Act in Execution, for the Space of One Calendar Month next after he shall have received Notice from any Person inteiefled in the said Inclosure, requiring him to attend as a Commissioner, a new Commissioner, or Commissioners (as the case may require) shall be elected in Manner following; (that is to say), if the said Edward Hare shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, ic shall be lawful for the said John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint one other Commissioner not intcrefled in the said Division, Allotment and Inclosure, in the Room of the said Edward Hare, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Assignr, shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case the said Henry Crofts shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said William IVolcot, his Heirs or Assigns, to appoint one other Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the Room of the fair! Henry Crofts, and so from Time to Time as often as any

Commissioner

.32 ^" GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 23.

CommiCHoner so to be appointed by the said William Walcot, his Heir* or Assigns shall die, reiufe or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case the said John Burcham shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said William Wing and his Successors, Rectors for the Time being of the said Parish of Stibbington-cum-Wandaford otherwise Wansford, to appoint one other Commissioner, not interested in the ' laid Inclosure, in the Room of him the said John Burtbam, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said William Wing or his Successors, shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act. or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case any of the said Parties shall make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner within One Calendar Month after the Death of any Commissioner, or his Refusal or: ecoming incapable to act, or Neglect of Attendance as aforesaid, then the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall, and they and he are and is hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their pr his H inds or Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Commissioner or Commissioners by them respectively as aforesaid, to appoint one other Commissioner not interested in the Pre* rriifeJ, in the Room of every such Commissioner so dying, rttufing, or becoming incapable to act, or neglecting to attend as aforesaid } and every Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid shall have the like Power and \ Authority in all respects as the Commissioner, in whose Place he shall be

appointed, was iuvefled with by virtue of this Act.

suneyorV W* And be it further enacted, That all such Surveys, Admeasure-menrs, and Plans as shall be necessary and requisite to be made ai.d taken for the Purposes of dividing, allotting, or inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftmes, Commons and Walk Lands, shall be made and taken by Edward Arden of Siani/ord in the County of Lincoln, Land Surveyor; and in case Appointment of the Death, Inability, Neglect, or Relufal to act of the said Edward ef new Sur- Ai den, ihtn by such other Person or Persons as the said Commission-vey°r- trs shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands nominate and appoint.

Commission- ^’ And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall be ers, cleiks. raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, Aitawaw?.0* l^ere ke paid to each of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, and their Clerk, as a Recompence for his Puins, Trouble, and Expences therein, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and S'xpence, and no more, for each Day he shall he employed in travelling to, r turning from, and attending any Meeting or adjourned Meeting, or otherwise for the Execution of this Act; and thac the said Commissioners and their Clerk shall defray their Travelling Expences, and also their own Expences, ;.t all tub Meetings and adjourned Meetings as aforesaid j and that there shall be paid to the Survey :r appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commisioners shall cotifider to be just and reason-

4 $3

47° GEORG'II III. Stff. 2. Cap. 23.

ah!?, for his Pains, Trouble, and Expences in the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners'shall cause Notice of Nonce 10 be given in the Parish Churches of Stibbington-aOn-Wandesford MeetinS*' otherwise Wamford, and Water Newton aforesaid, on some Sunday im-Biedintely after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Doors of the said several Churches, and also by Advertise-rnent to be inferred in some Ndwfpaper circulated in the said Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, if the Time and Place of their Firth and ever < her Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vested in them, at leaf! Ten Days before any fitch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) and that the said Commissioners (h.dl and may A-trum-x^t adjourn any f ch Meeting from Time to Time, and from Place to "Meeting*. Place, within Eight Miles of the said P^rish of Stibbington-cumWan-desford otherwise Wansfurd, as they shall see Occasion, for the further Execution of this Act; and in case Two Comrruffioners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for any one of the said Co n-missioners present at any such Meeting or adjourned Meeting, or for the Clerk to ihe laid Commissioners, to adjourn the same to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment, to be held at the fame or any other Place within Eight Miles of the fai.l Parish of Stibbington-cum-Wande.ford otherwise Wanford, and the Commissiontr or Clerk making such Adjournment shall give Notice thereof to the absenc Commissioners.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other other Notice* Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners In h?wt°t>« pursuance of this Act, the Manner of giving which is not hereby £-l'cn' otherwise d reded, shall be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the said Pabffi Churches of Stibb'vgton-am-Wandesford otherwise Wansfor, and Water Newton, or be given by Advertisement in some N-'wfpaper ciiculated in the said Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference ^7iete?* shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be inte- mineDtf-relled in the Lards and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, Putes« in pursuance of this Act or any Part thereof, touching or concerning the several R ghts nnd Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in, over, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds, or cny Part hereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, or Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the ia d Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, upon Examination of any Witness or WirnelLs upon Oath (which Oath any one of the Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), or upon any other Efficient Evidence and Satisfaction, to hear and determine the (am?: Provided always, that nothing in this or the said recited Act hut not to contained, shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title xit'e*!^' \Loc. V Per.-] 5r to

4'34-

Cjtnmiflfioners may xwaul Colts.

Parties may Try th-ir K'g ts l>y an issue at Law.

47° GEORG It III. Seir. 2. Cap. 23.

to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditament; whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or of (he said recited Act, or upon the Hearing of any such Dispute or D if reace as aforesaid, lee Catife to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for them and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, affefr, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in vihole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons agnind wh in any such Determination shall be made; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay file fame on D-mand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, ard they are hereby required and authorized, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Gixds and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, wherever the same shall be found, in such and the same Manner as Landlords are authorized and enabled to do by Law for Kmc in Arrear, rendering upon Demand the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising from such Sale, after deducing the Costs and Expences attending such Didrefs and Sale, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been lo didrained and fold.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons intereded, or claiming to be interestrd as aforesaid, fh ifl be dissatisfied with any Determinuion of the said Comm ffioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Intereds, in, over, upon, or out of the Lands and G'ounds intended to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, or discharged from Tythes ;n purfu nee of this Act, or any Pait thereof, it (hah be lav'.ful for the Person o Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law f the M itter so determined by the said Comm'ffior.ers, at the fird or f cond'Affiz s to be holden, next after the Determination of the said ComnnHioners, in and for the County in which the Lands or Grounds, in rel'pest whereof any such Determination shall have be n m uie, shall be ft uate; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with such Determination, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determi-nati> n shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Dec" miration of the said Comm ffiontrs shall have taken place; and the Deft-ndant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, (lie, or they i< and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attor-r.its w in lha l appear therero or file Common Bad, and accept one or more Issue or lllues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Rights thtreoy i Tided on, in v be tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be let 1-d by the prop- Officer of the Court an which the said Action or Aarons lh.nl be comm,treed, jn case the Parties shall differ about the u\i fame;

435

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 23.

fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon ail and every Person and Persons whatnsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside fut h Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be bad thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not fee aside by the Court, the said Coir-missioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the D termira-Determination of the said Comtr.iluoners, touching such Claim or mtfolwto’ Claims to such Rights of Common, or other Rights or Intercfo in, be final it not ever, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be £bJ divided, allotted, or inclosed, and dischargd from Tythes, or any Pait brought, thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting shall not cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be binding, final, and cor.elusive upon all Parties interested.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties, inanyAdion proceeding* to be brought in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall dre pend- nai to abate, ing the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Formor(en-Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands, ( r, ingB undary being a Body Corporate, under the Common Seal) of the Lord or Lorus, Fence,>

Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors adjoining to the said Parish of Stibbington-cum-lVandtsford otherwise IVansford, and the said Hamlet of

Sibfon, or either of them, and of the major Part in Value of the Owners 01 Piopnetors of the Lands and Grounds in any adjoining Pa ifh or Parishes, and of the Owner or Owners of the Lands upon which any Bounda y Fence or Fences, as next herein-after mentioned, shall or may be i. tended to be made, in order to shorten and make regu'ar the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in the said Parish of <S'tilbington-cum-Wand sford other wile Wandsford, and the said Hamlet of Sibfon, or either of th; m, and any adjoining Parish or Parishes, to set out, ascertain, and determine, and to raile and rm.ke in such Lines as they shall think proper and convenient, the Boundary Fence or Fences to be made between the Lards and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, also:t d, or inclosed, in the said Parish of Stibbington-cum-lVandesford otherwise IVans-f"'d, as d thef Hamlet of Sibfon, or either of them, and such adjoining Pa ifh or P rilbes; and alier such Boundary shall be so made, let our,

ifcertamed, and detrmined as aforesaid, the same shall bt fenced, and Inch Fence or Fences made, anu kepr in Repair, in such Manner and by such I’erlon 01 P,-rfons as the said Comm.fiioners shall order and direct, and shall fir evei therraftir be deemed and raken to be the Boundaries be--tween the said Parish o Stishing;on-turn-’A an. tsfrd otherwise Wanyford, and the said Hamlet of \bfcn, and such adjoining Parish or Panlhis, any LTfage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding } and a Description of the

43 6

OKI Roa^s

may be [topped up.

Old Roads to bs deemed Pait of the Land* to be aiiotied.

Not to be flopped up ti 1 new ones trade*

Commissioners may make Drains, &c.

Allotments for Watering Pinces and for Repair of Roads*

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 2y

the Boundaries ro be made, let out, ai'certained. and determined as afore* laid, shall be i i'erted in the Award of the Lid Commissioners.

XII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said Comm ffioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, with the Concu'rem.e and Order or Two Justices of the Peace ailing in and for the Division wherein any such Road as next herein-after mentioned shall be situate, and wiio shall not be interested in the Repair of the lame, to divert, turn or ftrp any old or accustomed Road ur Way (not b ins: a Turnpike Roan) lying or being in or passing or lending through any Part of the said Parish of Slibbiitgion-eum-Wandcsferd other, wife IVans/wd, and the said liar.ilet of Sibfun, or either of r.tem; and such Order shall be subject i an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in like Manner, and under the fame Forms and Redaction , as if the fame had been originally nude by such Justices; and tiiac the Roads or Ways which shall be lb ttopp'd up shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue cf this Act: Provided always, that none of the prefenc public Roads over the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or inclosed as aforesaid, shall be (hut up or cfifcontifined, until the said Commissioners shall have caused the new public Roads to be set out, and properly formed, and made Lfe and convenient fur Iiorfes, Cattle, and Carriages.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Commissioners shall and may scour, widen alter, repair, or rebuild all such ancient Brooks, Ditches, Draim, Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks and Budges in the said Parish of Slibbmgton-cum-Wandesford other wise Wur.sford, and in the said Hamlet of Sibfon, as they in their D feretion shall think necessary; and also shall and may make and ered such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergate, Bunks, and Bridges, as well in, through, ami over the Lands and Grounds hereby dirtded to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, as in, through, and over any ancient Inclosures or other Lands and Grounds in the Parish and Hamlet last aforesaid, of such Bieadth, Dep-'h, and Dimension?, and in such Directions, as the Lid Commissioners (hill think proper, making Compensation to the Person or Persons who shall be injured thereby , and the said Commissiomrs shall and may, and they are hereby d rr.de i in and by their laid A ward to order and direct by whom, at wh- le I xnence, at what Time, and in what Manner, the said Brooks, D td.es, Drains, VYatercou fts, Tunnels, Watergate?, Banks, and Bridge-, shall be made, and thereafter cleansed, 'coured, main amed, and k pt in lepair: Provided always, that n Brook or Wjt.-rr.uT< shall be diverted or turned without the C nfer.t in Writing ,f tin OAiier or Owners of the Lands from which such Brook or Wa er ourse hull be diverttd, or into whule Land the Lme shall be turned.

XIV. And be it fuitl.fr enabled, that the Lid Commissioners shall, and they arr hereby required (it th y shall tnii k it nricflary) to set out and allot such Pail or Paits of the Lands and Grounds lunate in

the

437

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 23.

the raid Paxifh of Stibbtngton~cm<7andesfordo\.\\trmfc Wins ford, and the said Hamlet ot Si son, or either of them, to hr di idrd, ailditeil, or inclosed by virtue of this Act, as they (hill thmk p of r, un/o the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the f..id Par lh of Stibbington-iUm-Wandrsford otherwise JVansford, and to the Survey rs of the Highways of the said Hamlet of Sibfon, to be used for the Purpose of Public Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Stone, Sand, Gravel, CPy, Marl, Mortar, aRd other Materials for making and repairing the public and private Roads and Ways within the said Parvth and Hamlet, and for such other Uses and-Purposes a; the said Commissioners shall diieft; and the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon such Allotment or Allotments shall be veiled in such Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their Award'cfcreft, and shall be let by him mr them for the bed Rent that can be ^ocured for the fame, and such Rent shall be applied by him or them in [repairing the public Roatfa and Ways within the same Parish and Hamlet'; and Tue'h Suf-veyor or Surveyors fh.il 1 account to the Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds within the same Panlh and Hamlet, touching the Application thereof, asnnuully, at such Days and Times as shall be'appointed in a Vef-try for passing the Accounts of such Surveyor or Surveyors.

! l o' e /' Cl "» . 'I 11 " 'T

XV. And be it furrh-r enacted, That the said Commissioiterfe' shall also let out and allot, either together or in Pireels, Unto add frif the Rector of the said Rectory and Parish Church of S'ib’ingtjn-cum-Wandes-ford otherwne Wutisfvrd aforesaid,3 and his Succtif rs. Id mu£h and such Part or Parts of the Lin'ds and Grounds hereby directed o ne divided, allotted, or inclosed, fruate ‘in the said Parish of Stibbington-eum-W,jtdesford otherwPe W'ansfo d aforesaid, as in th- Judgeme t of the said Cr mm tiime's shall be a full (equivalent and Comp.-nlaiion to the said Rector and his Suceeflbts, for all (he Glebe Lands lying withia ant fot all Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights whatsoever, in, over, and upon, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common P. fb.des. Commons, and Waste Lands to the said Rectory belonging or ap^ er.aining.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorised ‘and required (after having set out the nectffiry Roads, Ways, and Drams in, over*, and through the Lands and Grounds situate in the said Parish of StibbingtQ»-cum-Wandesford othrrwifr Wansfoi d, and the said Hamlet of Stbjon, intended to be divided, allotted, or inclosed by virtue cf this Act, pursuant to the Directions contained in the said recited Act, and the Allotment or Allotments to the Surveyors of the Highways as aforesaid, and also the Allotment or Allotments to the said Rtftor as aforesaid, for or in feu of his Glebe Lands and Rights of Common aforesaid) to set out and allot unto and for the said Rector and his Succeif rs, so much and such Part or Part? of the Lands and Grounds in Sttbbtngton-cum-Wandesfora otherwise Wamford aforesaid, to be divided, allotce I, or lticlofe i by virtue of the ift, as shall in the Judgement of the said Comtmffioners

[Loc. id Per.-] ss be

"*C

Allotment to the Rector for Glebe.

Allotment for Tcthes.

43.3 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 23.

be equ'l in Value yafte' making such Deductions as aforesaid) to One-fin Fat of all he Aribie or Tillage Land, and to O e-eighth Fart of all the.otlvr Lands wi hin the la d last-mentioned Paflh and Hr let, which are fufjtft and liable to the Favment ot Tithes in K nd; a id ihr Allotment or A 1 otm n s so to be made shall be in lieu o!, anu in full Recompence, Satistaftun, and Compensation for all and all Manner of T>the , both Great aid Small, arising, renewing, or be,:o nino due and payabl , in, upon, or from ihe Lands and Grounds Within the Lid la(l-mentioned Farish and Hamlet (except and <nway:> nLiving unto the said Rector anti his Successors, the usual and atcuftoned Mortu ric , Falter Offerings, and Surplice Fee?, p.iya le unco him or then ).

Proprietors n v having sufficient )pen field L Lid, to make Coin-p« ifation in Money*

XVII. And be it further enact d. That in caL there are any Home-deads, Gardens, Orchards, or ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds, in the said lad mentioned Farish and Hamlet, the respective Froorie-tors whereof (hill not be ent tied to any or not to Ja sufficient Intered or P- 'perty in the Lands and Grounds in 'he laid Pa ilh of Stibbington-cum-Wandesford o herwif Wansjord, to be divided, allotted, or inclos J by v.rtue of this Act, to make Compensation for the Tithes payable thereout, such Propdetors shall re'p ftively pay or cause to be paid onto such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the lad Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a full C impeniation and Satisfaction for the Tythes ot loch Homrdeads, Gaidens, Orchards, or anrie.it inclosed Lands and Grounds respectively or of such P rt thereof for wmth a Co.npensation in Land cannot be made by him, her, or them as aforesaid; which S am or Sums shall be applied towards defraying the Share and Troportion, Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the lame into Execution, which shall by the said Comtn flioners be ordered and appointed to be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors, whole Lands or Grounds shall have been taken and appropriated for the Purpose of discharging such lalf-mcn-tinned HonidV-acts, Gardens, Or'haids, or ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds from Tvhrs, in such Proportions us shall be equitable; and the Residue and Remainder of such Sim and Sums of Money shall be divided amongst and paid to such Propr etor or Proprietors, and shall and may be raised and recovered in like Manner as such last-mentioned Charges and Expences are by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be raised and recovered; and it any of such lait mentioned Pripietor or Proprietors shall not be Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, then his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proper ions, of such Surplus Money, shall be applied and dispoLd of in the Lrnc Manner as any Sum of Money to be paid for the Puri hale or Exchange of any Land-, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, (and which Sum of Money oughc to be laid out in the Furchale ot other Lands, Tenements, or Herediraments, to be settled to the same Uses), is by the said Act of the Forty fi ft Year of His present Majesty authorised or directed to be applied and disposed of.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 23. 439

XVIII. And be it furrhcr enacted, That the said C cumissioners shall 18

and they are hereby aurhonled and required to set out and allot unto Manors in and for the Owner or Owners of the Manors within the said Parish £jj',tot

of Stibbington-cumWandsford o* her wile IVansford, and Hamlet of Sib-fori, such Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby dirrfted to be divided, allotted, and incinf d, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One rwentieth Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands, and shall apportion the fame according to the Right and Interest, or Rights and Inter'-fts, of such Owner or Owners respectively in the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, and the lame shall be in lieu and in full Bir and Compensation for all Right of soil in such Commons and Waste Lands.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next Place set out and allot all the Residue and Remainder

of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, unto, between and amongst the several Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, in Proportion and according to their several and respective Shares, Intertits,

Rights of Common, and other Rights therein.

XX. And whereas certain Glebe Lands belonging to thfc said Rec- Allotment t»

tory lie intermixed with old inclosed Lands of the said John Duke of CMebe

Bedford, in (he said Hamlet of Sibfon, be it further enacted, That i*sibfrn. the said Commissioners shall deduct from some Allotment or Allotments, to be made to the said Duke by virtue of this Act, as much

Land as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for all such Glebe Lands, and for the Rights of Common (if any) therero beiongii g, and shall allot and award such Land unto the said Rector and his Successors, in lieu of such Gkbe Lands and Rights of Common} and the said Glebe Land*

shall, by the said Commissioners, be allotted and awarded unto the said Duke in Exchange for the Land of the said Duke, to be deducted as aforesaid i and the Allotment so to be made to the Rector as last aforesaid, shall be ring-fenced, and inclosed at the Expence of the said Duke, in the M nner the other Allotments to the said Rector are hereinafter airested to be ring-fenced and inclosed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Lands and Grounds which Allotment* shall oc allotted by virue of this or the fan! recited Act, to any Per- «°ht f>h* son or Persons, for or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, l*TheT"ad* or Grounds, holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court for which Roll, or for or in respect of any L alrhold Messuages, Cottages,

L,inds, or Grounds, or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Ltafcht Id, and shall be held as such by and under the lame Ttnure*, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs and Services, as the Copyhold or Leaithold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds

respectively,

44 o

phJectioiiB to Alljtmrn'i to be deter jitoed by t*i-Commissioners.

CommWTl oners to also to furciMierg.

47° GEORGII III. SdT.2. Cap; ip.

resp dlively, for or i resprdt whereof such Allotments shall be ni <J , are now held; and the said Commissiontr- (had, by their said Award, de ermine and describe the Messuages, Cottages, Lunds, and C»* u .0$ (ejpefbvely which are to be or remain Copyhold or Leasehold; a-d <41 other Lands or G:ounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act ( ivr and exc.-pr such as shall be aicertaintd by the said Commissioners to be C py old or Leasehold) shall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, an. rnjoye 1 as Freehold Lands and Grounds, subjvQ ntverheKf- to such Free Rents and Services as are n >w payable out of trie resp dive Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, for of in respeifl whereof they shall or may be allocted.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so loon as the said Comm.fiioners shall have afarramed the respective Stares, Rights, and Imertfts of the said Proprietors in the Lands and G.omuls to be divided, allotted, or indued by virtue of this Act, and alf>> the tespective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors r fp dliv ly in lieu thereof, and such prop ded A! otment or Allotments shall be flaked or maikcd out. they the said Commiflinrrs shall nold a Meedng at some convenient Time and Place, when and where the Proprietors may be informed of loch intended Allotments, and fee the Scheme thereof set out and delineated upon a Map to be produced for their Inspecti o; and it any of the said Piopnctors shall, upon such Infp< ebon, be oiffoisfied wion any of the prupoled Allotments, the said Coronnllioners shall at such Time and Place as last aforesaid, or at some other T me and Place to be ap-p mted determined by them for that Purpose, receive S.atements, in Writing, of the Complainis and O'jebtiuns of any Proprietor or Proprietors again!! any loch Adotinci is, and shall to>thwith, or as loon alter as conveniently may Pe, determine the lame, and such Determination being, reduced into Writing, and signed by them, shall be binding and conciuli.ve upon a)I Paities intetefted in any such Allotment or Allotments.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person has fold or contracted or agreed to fell, or Ih II at any I iroe before the Exer cution of the Award of the said Commissioners fell, or conn act or agree to fell his or for Right, interest, or Property, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotitd, or iocioiedby virtue of this Act, or any Part, thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such Calc it shall le lawful for the said Comm ffioners, and they are forcoy clirtdltd, authorized, and r quir<d to make an Allotment or Allotments unto the Vendee or Purcfofcr in luen Sale, Co.madt, of Agreement, and to his or for Leir$ or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, interest, or Prpptjjy lo fold or cuntiafied, or agreed so be loid as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Alligns, shall and may, from and 4ier the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Lund lo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the fame Mannci to ali.Lnteijts and Purposos as the Vendor in every Inch Sale, Concrafi, or Agreement, nugiit, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the lame, in case

, II such

t

44*

4.70 GEORGII III. SciT. 2. Cap. 23

such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had nor been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments, and such Award as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allot- Allotments nients to be made to the said Hector in respect of the Glebe Lands to which he is entitled, and the Great and Small Tythes, and the {enceU. Allotment or Allotments to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways ts aforesaid, shall rd'pedivtly be fenced and ditched on all such Sides or Parts thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Commil-

lioners to be made by any other Proprietor or Proprietors with Ring or Outermost Fences and Ditches, made in a proper and substandal Manner w th young thriving Quickfcts, well and sufficiently guarded on each Side thereof, and good and substantial Gates shall be also fixed in such Parts of the Lid f ences where necessary, and shall, for ever afeer the same shall be made, raised, and hung as aforesaid, be maintained and kept in ILpair by the Lid Rector and his Successors, and by the Lid Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being, as the Lid Commissioners shall in l.ke Manner order and direct; and the ofii^' t?rop*;c

said Commissi mers shall set out appoint and award such Boundary tosAllot-

Hedgcs, Ditches, and Fences, for the dividing and inclosing the miUts-several other Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, in the said Parish of Siibbhigton-cum-lVandesford ocherwile TVamford, and in the said Hamlet of Sibfon (except in the said Common Meadow called Sibfon Meadow and The Holme) as they shall deem necessary; and the said Hedges, Ditches, and Fences shall be made and at all Times thereafter maintained and kept in Repair by and ar the Expence of such of the said Proprietors to whom such Fences Ihdl respectively be allotted or directed to belong, within such Time, and in such Manner and Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall by the Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, award, order, direct, or appoint 5 and the Orders and Directions of the Lid Commissioners for the making, and Maintenance and Repair of the fame, shall be binding on and conclusive to all Parties.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs Fenceitobe shall be turned or kept in any Allotment or Allotments to be made "hetpwe"* by virtue of this Act, (except in the Allotment or Allotments to be kept in the made, in the Lid Common Meadow called Sibfon Meadow and the Iilclofuie*-Holme, not intended to be inclosed by virtue of this Act) during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons so turning in or keeping the same shall first, at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a Fence ficient to guard theyoungquickFencesround such Allotment or Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by such Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, whether such Quick Fences be planted or set by the Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers, of such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid or by the OwnerorOwners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the ADotmentor Allotments adjoining thereto; and the Person or Persons who shall turn such Sheep or Lambs into any of the said Allotments (except as aforesaid) without having liift well and sufficiently guarded all such QuickFences as aforesaid, shall for iLoc. Per.J 5 T every

44-2

No ra*tle to T»? k pr n Mie Hoads so a 1 m ted Tiinc.

Rights of Common and T> thes to ccafe.

Power to vacate Leases at Rack R er.t.

47° GEORGII III. Seff 2. Cap. 23.

«"vi*rv such Offence pay any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as Iliad he adjudged and determined by any one of His Majesty's J offices of the Peace f.r the County in which such Allotnienc or Allotments shall be fi uate, not interested therein, the lame to bi recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Effects, of any such Person or Persons, wheresoever the fa ne shall be found, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice, which Warrant any loch Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to grant as often as fi? al? be nectffaiy, upon the Confdtion of the Party or on the information of any credible Witness upon Oath, which Oath any such Justice is hereby empowered <o administer when and as often as occasion may require , and the Penalty or Penalties, which shall be so recovcied and levied, shall be paid to ihe Person or Persons whose Quick Fences shall be damaged by any such Sheep or L mib-, or, in calc rio Damage shall be full at tied by them, then to the Overl'-ers of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall have been committed, for the Benefit of the Perr of the laui Panfli; and the Overplus of the Monies arising from any tuchD (tress and Sale ( f any) after deducting luch Penalty or f orfeiture, and the Ct.ih and Expences attending such Distiefs and Sale, shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons entitled (hereto.

XXVI. And be it further cradled. That no Hotfcs, Asses, Cows, Sheep, Lambs, or other Cattie, shall at any Time, within the first Seven Y’ears after the said Allotments shall be so set out as afcesaid, be kept in any of the public Roads or Ways to be set out in pursuance of this or the said recited Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Execution tf the Lid A"a'd, or at such other Time or Times e'ther before or after the Execution of the lame, as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hand5, to be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the Parish Churches of Stiblington-cum-Wandu-fori othei wife Wan ford, and Water Neivtcn aforesaid, oil feme Sunday for that Purpose, limit or appoint all Rights of Common and other Cora-tnon-ble Rights and Intenfts whatsoever, in, over, and upon the Lands, Grounds, Commons and Waste Lands, to be divided, allotted, or indofed by virtue of this Act; and all Tythes now arising, renewing, and growing due and payable within the said Parish of Slihbington-cum-Wandesfotd otherwise Warn ford, and within the said Hamlet c t Sivjon, (save ai d except Surplice Fees, Eaifer Offerings, and Mortuaries) shall crafe, determine, and be for ever txtinguished; any Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding-

XXVIII. And be it further cnadied, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionets at any Time previous to the Execution of their Award, in all Cases where they in their Discretion shall deem it necdLry or expedient for the due Execution of tb s Act, by any Writing or Writings u, der thoir Hands, 10 be ermine or make voiei all or any of the Leases or Agreements for Leases at Ha. k Rent, or from Year to Year, then subsisting, of the Lands and Grounds to be divided; allotted, or inclosed by virtue of this Act, or which shall be exchanged by vutue of this or the said recited Act,

and

443

4.7° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 23.

and of all other Lands and Hereditaments demised or agreed to he demised by or comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, either as to the Whole or as to feme Parc or Parts only of the said Hereditaments compiled in such Leases or Agreements respectively, and at such Ti ne or Times in the Year as the said Commissioners shall think most convenient and expedient according to the Circumstances of the Cafe j and in all Cases where any such Leases or Agreements rfiall be determined as afore-Laid, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and determine whether any and what Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid, or any and what De-dudion or Abatement in the said reserved Rent or Rents shall be made, by the Lessors or Landlords, to the Lessees or Tenants, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for such total or partial Determination of their respective Leases or Agreements; andi such reduced Rents so ascertained and declared as aforesaid shall respectively become payable, and commence at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall dirtft or appoint, and shall be recovered in like Manner as the original Rent reserved by such Lease or Agreement would hav« been by Law recoverable; and in all Cases where any gross Sum or Sums of Money shall by the said Commissioners be ascertained as a Compenls* lion to be paid by any Lessor or Landlord lor determining such Lease or Agreem-nt, the same shall be ailually paid by such Lessor or Landlord before he or she is put into Possession of the respective Lands and Hereditaments comprised in such Lease or Agreement, or of the Allotment or Allotments in lieu thereof, or any Part thereof; and in all Cases where such subsisting Leases or Agreements shall continue in force, as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments therein comprized, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to ascertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents shall be paid by the Lessees or Tenants to the Lessors or Landlords, for or in respect of any Improvement in the annual Value of the Hereditaments comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, by reason of the fame being discharged from Tythes and exchanged respectively, or by the Lands and Grounds being divided or inclosed by virtue of this Act, and such additional Rents so ascertained and declared as lait aforesaid, shall commence ac such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and shall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had not been passed; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to settle, ascertain, and determine the Course of Husbandry to be used by such Lessees or Tenants during the Remainder of the subsisting Leases and Agreements, in all Cases where they shall deem it nectlfary and proper so to do, and such Course of Husbandry shall, from and after the same shall be so settled, ascertained, and determined, be used and followed by such Lessees and Tenants during the Remainder of such Leases or Agreements: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease or Leases of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the Parish of Stibbington~cur,i-Wandisford otherwise Wansford, and within the Hamlet of Siifen aforesaid, or either of them, of in such Part of the said Common Meadow called Sibfcn Meadow and The Holme, as lies within the Lid Parish of i'tilVmgtim-tum-Wandesfori 1j- \ ' ‘ otherwise

44-4

CWI’fr Of liulb.indry.

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Cap. 23.

othrrwife Wansjardx and other IVt thereof in the f.,id Pari Hi of JVattr Neictm, or in any other Hatish or Place' adjoining to the fame, or to ih? said Parish of Sfffliibgtcn-cum-lJavdciford otherwise (Vansford, and toy said Hamlet' of Siifat', or either of them, ail and every Inch Lease or Leaps upon Rack Rent now subsisting may and shall be vacated-, buVwhere any Land fad! have been taken In Exchange, which Land shall be under Lea*e, and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish, or in the said Parish of Wafer Norton, not being Part of the said Common Meadow called Sibfon Meaio:v and The Holms, the Lease of such iait mentioned Lands lhati! not be vacated.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall as foori aferr the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by Writing or "Whitings under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal outer Doo-s of the Parish Churches of SlihbiHgton cum-Wanitsford other v.‘Ke IVansford, and Water Newton afaref.id, on fume Sunday, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that fluff be uied and followed in, ovrr, and upon the Lands and Giottnds to be divided, allotted, or indeed by virtue of this Act, until the Time when they fluff' have made and completed the said intended Divisi in and Allotments, as well with rei’ped to the laying down, ploughing, lowing of Grab Seeds, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the mowing, flocking, and eating the Grass, Fallows, or Stubbles upon the said Lands and Grounds; and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under tlfeir Hands, to be affix'd as aforesaid, make such further Orders, Oiredions, arid Regulations, touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, for preventing their improperly cultivating or managing the fame, or committing (Valle thereon or upon any Part thereof, until the Execution of the said Award, as to the said Commissioners shall seem expedient, all which Orders, Directions, and Regulations of the said Comm flioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all Parties concerned; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, on every Person not conforming to such Orders, Directions, and Regulations, as they shall think necessary and make as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, for any one Offence; and in case the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed shall not be pa d on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under their Hands (which Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to grant and mike, as Occasion shall require), to enter into and upon any Mdfuage or Tenement, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Occupation of any such Person ( r Pe.fons so offending, and to levy such Penalty or Forfeiture by Distress of the Goods, Chattels, and Effefls, which shall or may be found thereon, or of a (Efficient Part theie f, and the Goods, Chattels, and Effects, which shall be so distrained, to impound and keep, apprade, fell, and dispose of, in like Manner, and at such Time^ as Landlords are by Law enabled to do for Kent in Arrears and the Overplus of the Monies anfing from

fcr,

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 23. 44$

from any such Distress and Sale (if any) after deducing such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons entitled lliere-to; and such Penalty or Forfeiture when received, shall be applied in defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of executing this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Sarisfacti«i and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to direct, order, and appoint what Re- Crop*, compence or Sarisfadion in M"ney shall be made for the Crops growing upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, and authorized to be exchanged, to the Owner or Owners of the fame Crops, at the Time such Diviilons, Allotments, and Exchanges shall be made and take place, by the Person or Persons to whom the Linds and Grounds, on which such Crops are growing, shall be allotted or given in Exchange, unless such Owner or Owners shall, within the Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, declare his, her, or their Intention to cut, reap, and carry away the fame; and in case of Non-payment of such Recompence and Satisfaction for such Crops, ac the Time and in the Manner to be di. reded by the said Commissioners, or in case of such Election to cut, reap, and carry away the fame, then it shall and may be lawful for such Owner or Owners, and his, her, and their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, with Horles, Carts, and Carriages ro enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon such Crops shall be growing, and to cur, reap, and carry away the fame fof his, her, and their own Use; and the said Commissioners shall also, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to afrertain, oijder, and appoint, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, what Recompence and Satisfaction, in Monty, shall be pud, and to whom, for the Standage of such Crops, by the Owner or Owners eleding to carry away the same as aforesaid, and also what Recompence ancj Satisfaction, in Money, shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenrnt or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lind within the said Parish of Stibbivgon-cum-Wandesford otherwise JVansford, and within the Hamlet of Sibfon, and Parish of Water Newton, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of any of the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted and divided or given in Exchange by virtue of this or the said recited Act, for the Benefic and Advantage accruing the reby to the Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Grounds shall be allotted, or for any Lois or Diflid-vantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall or may sustain by the Lois of their following or way-going Crops upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted, or given in Exchange; and if in any or either of the said Cases the Money to be uaid for such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be paid at the Time, and in the Manner to be appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and t! ey are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means [Loc. £5f Per.] 5 V as

4*6

For ivsikin-Exchanges.

For malting

Esuutiujjs.

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. it.

as the Costs, Charges, and F.xpences of obtaining and executing this Act may be raised and levied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

fiid Corhmtflioners to set out, also', and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Siibbingian-cttm Wattitsford other wise fp'^nsford, and within the said Hamlet of S hi n or-either of them, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish and Harr, let, or either of them, or within any aujbinit g Parish, I Jamiet, Town-Osip, or Place-, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the Lid Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall Le so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, IT j* ietor or Proprietors, shall be a !?ody'or Bodies Politic, Corporate,or Collegiate, or a Tenartc or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Lite or Li^S, or with the Cohiei/t of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uies, Husbands, Commftecs, or Acrornies of or a&mgfof any such Prupiietors or 'Owners as aforesaid!,' who at the Time of making such F.xcharlge or EXchhnge's shall be respectively Infants, Faroes Covert, Lunatic/, or undef any other lrgai Disability, or shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or hfcrltlr, such Consent to be teflifi d’ in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Coipoiate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other contenting Parties lelpiftively; and all and every Exchange ajid Exchanges so to be made1 shall be good, valid, and cff^ftual in the Law, ro all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevt-VtheleCs, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in right of any Ch'urch, Chapel, or other Eccitfiaflical Benefice, without the Consent certified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of She Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Herediuments so to be exchanged shall lie and be ficuate. - , - . . ' i i. i us

a-llA i \ lQ.il rh:* JO i' i*f« fj r A,',

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Cqn.m.fllorrers, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon the Requtft in "Writing of any ‘Proprietor of MelRiagcS, Lands, or rierrdi. tamepts in the said Parish oflStibbingion-cum-Wimdtsferdotherwise iVadsford, arid ui ‘.h-‘fasti "Hamlet of Sttf»d\r6r in the said Common Meadow called StVfo Mtadcw and the ficlme, or either of them, who is leifed thereof or em.tl'eil thereto In Joint Tenancy or in Coparcenary, or as Tenants in Common, to make Partition and Division of the Messuages, Lands, and A loVfnent or Allotments so to be m ide by virtue of this Act, to such of the' Owners or Proprietors who shall be entitled ro the same as J ant Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and to allot the fame acofdi ’gly to such Owners and Proprietors in Severalty; and from and immediifily after the said Allotment or Allotments shall be so made ai d declared, the same shall be Holden and enjoyed by the Person or Persons to whom the ‘fame shall be allotted in Severalty, in 8 such

447

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 23.

such agd the same Manner and subject to such and the fame Ufe1:, as the undivided Parts, or Shares cf such Estates would have been held in case such Partition or Division had not been made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Exsenctiof Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid and

to be paid by

borne by tie several Persons m iking such Exchanges or Partitions in the Parties, such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; and the lame shall and may be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed or referred to lor Recovery of the Colts, Charges, and Expences ot obtaining and executing this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and For defraying Expences of forming, making, and completing the public Roads chargeJTof and Ways which shall be set out and appointed by virtue of this or obtaining and the said recited Act, and of making, scouring, widening, altering, executingihn repairing, erecting, or rebuilding any Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Water-

courses. Tunnel , Watergates, Banks, or Bridges, and the Colts,

Charges, and Expences of inclosing and ring-fencing any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways as herein-before directed, and to the said Rector for and in respect of the Glebe Lands and Tythes aforesaid (except the Allotment in respect of the Glebe Lands in the old Inclosures of the said John Duke of Bedford, in Sibfon aforesaid), and all the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or inclosed by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all such Colts, Charges, and Expences of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and all other necessary Colts,

Charges, and Expences of the several Per Tons employed by them in and about the Premises, and all other Expences of carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by all the Proprietors and Owners of Estates divided, allotted, inclosed, or discharged from Tythes by virtue of this Act, (save and except the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of the Highways, and the said Rector and his Success.rs, for and in respect of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to him as aforesaid) in such,

Shares and Proportions, and (halt be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Com- 1

missioners shall, in and by their said Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, either previous to of after the Execution of their said Award, order, direct, and appoint; and the said Commissioners ire hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, and as often as they shall deem it necefliry and proper, to make and form Efti-mate* of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and to raise the Amount of such Estimates by a Rate- or Rates accordingly j and in safe any such Proprietor or Proprietor! shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions, of such

Colls,

, f't Wq i ..:dR ,111 IIOil0 ID Vj»

44^ 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. it,.

Calls, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, thea and in such Case the tame shall may be levied and recovered in Manner directed; by the said recited Act.

f-idAgcnt*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Proprietor?, to piy their their. Attoruies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they <a«a£xpw qt any of them shall attend the said Cota midi sners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

paidTor Mr*

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which (liali ncy advanced, he advanced by any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution, shall - he repaid with Interest at the Rate cf Five Pounds per Centum per AriKU'B, to such Person or Persons, out of the first Monies to be raided under and by virtue of this Act.

Appeals.

XXXVIL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (Hall thinly himself, herself or tliemlclves aggiicv-d by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case (<x.cpt where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are hereby or by the said recited Act directed tn. be binding . final, and concluGve and except in such Cases where an Issue at Law is., he re in-before /directed to be tried) such Person or Persons may appeal to th(e General Quarter St (lions of the Peace which shall be hejd in i and ,fur the County of Huntingdon or the said County of Northampton,. ^ithin Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal (hfaU-^have anfen, on giving to the said Commissiomrs and r.O |by Pajay or parties concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing «f-Wh Appeal, end the Matter thereof.; and the Justices (not interfiled; ig ihe^.^cpiiiifes) at (ur,h Srflbns, ate hereby required to hear and detertnincptlie flatter of every such Appeal, and to make such Grder thertiq^nd to award t such^Costs a» they shall think reasonable, and by t^ei^Order or Warrant to levy, the Cods which shall be awarded by thftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties-liable to pay the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of;Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of every such Didrefs and Sale j and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on ail Par ies concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Ma-jtfly’s Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

Wilis ami

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the not*lo'be* fal4 failed Act, Ilia 11 extend f?e construed to expend to revoke,

»fftcitd.L make void, alter, or annul. apy; Will or Settlement, or to prejudice

any Person or Ptrfms having any Right or Claim cf Dower, Jointure, Ponion, D.bts, Rents, or Incumbrances; out of, upon, or aiTefting any'of the Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments tQ.be 3iv.ded, allotted, or exchanged by virtue ox this or the said reciiefl Act, or ary Part or Pafrfs thereof reipcfti.vely, blit that each 4"id every Proprietor shall (land and be lei fed of the several Messuages,

Tenements,

449

47° GEORGII 111. SefT, 2, Cap. 23.

Tenemcn L nds, Grounds and Hereditaments, to be allotted to Of exih.ingeti wkb hun or her as aforesaid, to, for, and upon such and the r«oie U.e«, and for such and the fame Efbtes, and subject to such and (he fame Wills, Settlements, Dowers, Jomtures, Portions, Debts, R nts, or Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Tenements, L»n s, Grounds, and Hereditament , whereof such Proprietors were fetfed or possessctl at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or far which or in icfpeft whereuf such Allotments or Exchanges shalt be made, would have been subject to be charged with, or assessed by, in case this Act had not been puffed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, Th3t once in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed from the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act, and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before John William Bramston, of Lincoln s-Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, or in case of his Decease or Refusal to act, then before lorr.e other fit and proper Person, not interested in the Premises, who shall be appointed for that Purpose by the major Part in Value of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, who shall be present, by themselves or their Agents, at any Meeting to be convened for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, to be examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by the said John William Bramston, or such other Person as aforesaid, stated in the Book of Accounts, to be kepe in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding cn the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by him the said John William Bramston, or such other Person to be appointed as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, in Manner clirested by the said recited Act, shall, after the same shall be enrolled as directed by the said recited Act, be depofired in a Tin Box in the Parish Church of Stibbir.gton-cum-Wandesford otherwise Wansford aforesaid.

XLI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors," and to all and* every other Person and Persons, Body, and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments or other Compensation shall be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguilhcd, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder afeer them) all such Righr, litle, and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or cuent to [Loc. V Per.] 5 X-T & have

Accounts ! be laid betoie an Auditor.

Award to be ir.rolled and depofired in the Church.

General

Saving.

45°

Act to be j.rinttd by the King s Punter.

4;0 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 23.

have had and enjoyed, in, to or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, or inclosed before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act had not been made.

\ Sa ' TlVr’w. -

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

Oierrtn*

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Se(T. 2.

Cap. 24,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leng-hougbton, in the County of Nor t hum bar land.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS there is within the Parish of Longbeugbton, in the County of Northumberland, a Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Longh ought on Common, containing by Estimation Five hundred and twenty Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the Barony of Alnwick., and as such is seised of or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties, of, within, and und^r the said Common Moor or Waste: And whereas the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland is also Lord of the Manor and borough of Alemuth, in the said County of Northumberland: And whereas the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Edward Gallon of Alnwick, in the said County of Northumberland, Esquire, and several other Persons, are seized and possessed of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Barony ot Alnwick and Manor and Borough of Alemouth, or one of them, and within the Parishes of Longhoughton and Lesbury, or one of them, and in respect thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Lcffees, Farmers, or Tenants, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Common Moor or Waste: And whereas the said Common Moor or Waste, in its present State, is of little Use or Advantage, but is capable of Cultivation and Improvement; and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common as atoreLid, are willing and desirous that the said Common Moor or Waste, with the Content of the said Lord of the said Barony and of the said Manor and Borough should [Lee. £sf Per.2 5 Z be

J

1

458 47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 24.

Cotmnifron-trs Names.

The Pro-

vilions of (he General A(t to extend to thil Ait.

be divided and allotted, by Commissioners in that Behalf to be appointed, amongst the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland and the ftrveral other Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, or otherwise imerelted therein respectively, which' will be advantageous to all the Parties interested, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates; but the fame cannot be eifcfted without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Bates of Clarewood, in the said County of Northumberland, Gentleman, and John Dinning of Navlands, in the said County of Northumberland, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, and allotting the said Common Moor or Wade, and for putting this Act into Execution, iti such Manner, and subject to such Regulations as are herein-after contained, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Pads usually required on the passing of such Acts, as are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act.

r ,r choofin Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Commission-

newc»m'"E ers hereby appointed, or either of them, shall die, or shall neglect to ad mtjiiontrs. for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occasion shall require their Attendance on the Business hereby committed to their Charge, or shall refute to ad, or be rendered incapable of acting by Sickness, or by any other Cause whatsoever,before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them shall be carried into Execution, a new Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may be nominated and appointed in the Place or Places of him or them so dying, neglecting, or refusing to ad, or rendered incapable as aforesaid, in Manner following; (that is to say) in case the said William Bates shall die, neglect, or refuse or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the said Barony of Alnwick, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the said Barony of Alnwick, being an Infant or Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, shall and may by any Instrument in Writing, under his, her, their, or any of their Hand or Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or any Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested,) to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said William Bates; and in case the said John Dinning shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the major Part in value of the Proprietors and Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Waite, hereby intended to be divided, or their respective Agents present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Notice shall be given by any Two or more of such Proprietors and Owners, or their respective Agents, or by the other Commissioner for putting this Act into Execution, by affixing the fame on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Longhoughtcn afore-

1

459

47° GEORGII III. Sess.a. 24.

laid, and also causing the same to be inserted in the Reiverjfl 'te-upon-Tyrie Covrnnt Newspaper.br if that Newlpaptr shall not then be jWiblished, the^i in feme other Newspaper generally circulated in the County of Northumberland, Ten Days at lead before such Meeting, shall and may by any In-strume’-t in Writing under their Hands nominate a proper 1'erfbn (not being bdr-tficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother, of any Pfiffon so interested) to be a Com-ntiffionerin the Room of the said John Dinning; and in cale of the Death ofahy Person so to be hereafter nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, or of his Neglect or Refusal to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, respectively, by whom such Commissioner was nominated and appointed, their respective Heirs, Successors, Aghnts, Guardians, or Assignsj shall in like Manner nominate and appoint another Commissioner in his Room, and so from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy shall happen by such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of every such new Commissioner or Commissioners so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and eatery Person who shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this’

Ad into Execution, as if he had been nominated and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; which said several Instruments of Nomination and Appointment shall be enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as in and by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the general Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

III. And for the Purpose of settling and determining any Difference or umpire to be Dispute that may arise between the said Commissioners, touching or con- appointed, cerning any of the Matters and Things to be by them done and performed in pmfuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, be it further enacted.

That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, immediately after the taking and subscribing the Oath or Affirmation by the said recited Act directed to be by them taken and subscribed, by Writing under their Hands to choose, nominate, and appoint fotne other proper and skilful Person (not interested in the said Lands and Grounds, and not being an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person (b interested) who shall be willing and consent to act as Umpire, and such Umpire is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine- any such Difference or Dispute as may arise between the said Commissioners, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure; and the Judgment and1 Determination of the said Umpire therein shall be deemed and considered to be the Judgment and Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be final and conclusive upon the said Commissioners, and upon all other Persons concerned in the said Division and Inck sure, so far as the Acts of the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act and this Act made final and conclusive: Provided always, that in cale the Person so nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners as Umpire shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act or of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint One other Person as Umpire in the Room or Stead of the Person so dying, refilling to act, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and ol this Act, and so from Time to Time as often as

any

460

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 24.

any Person so nominated or appointed' an Umpire, shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said Act and of this Act; and in case any such Umpire shall neglect to settle and determine any such Difference or Dispute within Thirty Days after the fame shall have been referred to him by the said Commissioners, Inch Neglect shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

U:»piie to be

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall he aflsb f0ie ^e capable of acting in the Execution of th s Act as Umpire, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do ‘ foletnnly affirm] That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the belt of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the Trust, Power, arid Authority reposed in me as Umpire, by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third, intituled, An Act [here infers the Title of this Act] according to ‘ Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or AJfeftion to any ‘ Person or Persons whomsoever. ‘ So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall and may be lawful to and for either of the said Commissioners to administer (who is hereby required to ad-roiniftr the fame), and such Oath or Affirmation, when so taken and subscribed by such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolkd with the Award of the said Commissioners.

Oath.

Surveys to V. And be it further enacted, That true and exact Surveys and Ad-buinsce. measurements shall be taken, and fair Plans made of the said Common Moor or Waste so intended to be divided and allotted, and also of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which Right of Common is claimed thereon, some Time before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, or as soon after as conveniently may be, by John Bell, of the Town and County of NewcaJile-upon-Tyne, Land Surveyor, or ia case of the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity by Sicknds, or any other Cause whatsoever, of t :e said John Belt, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occasion shall require his Attendance on the Business of taking and making such Surv ys or Admeasurements and flans, then the same shall be made and taken by such ether fit and proper Person, being an experienced Surveyor of Lands (not beneficially interested in the said Division, nor an Agent to any l’erlon so interested) as the Commissioners for the Time being shall, determined by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time nominate and appoint.

Surveyor to

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or tskeauOu h. Persons shall be capable of acing as Surveyor aforesaid, until he shall have taken and subscribed before the said Commissioners, or One of them, an Oath in the Form following; (that is to say),

Surveyor’s ‘ I A.B do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly aft.

Oath. 4 1 according to the belt of my Saill and Judgement, in surveying and

admeasuring the Common Moor or Wa 'e, intended to be divided and inclosed by \iitue of an Act passed in the F’orty-I'eventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here

‘ insert

461

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 24.

‘ insert the Title of this A£lf\ and in making true Maps or Plans thereof, to be laid before the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or One of them, are and is hereby "°r"['°tbr'j authorized and required to administer, when and so often as Occasion a mi," tre ’ fltail require; which Oath, and also the Instrument or Instruments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, shall be respectively enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the Arid Commissioners.

VI!. And be it further enacted, That the Surveys and Admealure. charge rob? merit, including all necessary Re-furvCys, and all Plans, except the fair pu ilUrveJ'or" Plan upon Vellum herein-after particularly mentioned, and also for letting out the Allotments, attending the Commissioners, and executing such other Business as shall nrceffarily have been dene by the said Surveyor relative to the said Divisioti, shall be paid for at and after the Rare of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day in which he shall have been so employed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor shall, after the said Division and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds, intended to pbn upon be hereby divided and inclosed, shall be completed, make a fair Plan veiium of the upon Vellum of all the said Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby hi*c«v*f«r divided and allotted, wherein respectively shall be truly and distinctly de- the tame, lineated, set down, marked, and expressed the several Matters and Things necessary or proper to be inserted therein, for the better explaining the Award of the said Commissioners, and for which fair Plan upon Vellum the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds shall be paid, and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Encroachment^ Encroach-which shall have been taken from the said Common Moor or Waste (save n.alefor and except such as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed fqr the Thirty Years, Space of Thirty Years last part, or upwa ds, without any Interruption or p° k^"h,aei1 Payment of any Acknowledgement') shall be deemed Part and Parcel of Lamb to b« the said Common Moor or Waste so to be divided; and in case any Dif- dividtd-ference or Dispute shall arise, touching any such Inclosures or Encroachments being deemed Pait or Parcel of the said Common Moor or Waste,

such Differences or Disputes shall be examined into and determined by the said Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Commission. they are hereby required to cause a Notice in Writing under their Hands, ers to 6ive

to be affixed upon the principal boor of the Parish Church of Long- {?bft'iecmd/ bought on aforesaid, and also to be inserted in the Newcastle-upon Tyne "iul Third Courant Newspaper, of the Time and Place of their First, Second, and ^Jh'aA’to Third Meetings respectively, which shall be holden at Alnwick aforesaid be hol.tei.« foi putting this Act into Execution, at least Ten Days next before such fob

respective Meetings; and that the said Commissioners shall and may, fcqtient Meet-after their said Third Meeting, from Time to Time appoint such Time and '"*

Place for every subsequer.t Meeting as they shall think proper, causing a Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Or.tfPrr.] 6 A V Door

463

Power so adjourn such Meetings.

If only one Commissioner present, he may adjourn, giving due Notice to the other Commissioner.

Oramissioners to deter-»n»he Differences.

Power to try

d'tputfd Cl amis At Law.

47r GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Capt 24-

Door of the Parish Church of Longhougbton aforesaid, Eight Days at least before every such subsequent Meeting; but the said Commissioners at the First, Second, or Third Mee'.ing, or any other subsequent Meeting or Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, as they shall think it convenient, to continue such First, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other subsequent Meeting or Meetings, by Adjourn, inent from Day to Day, or in case of Sunday intervening, then to the Monday following, for the due Execution of this Act, without giving any Notice whatsoever: Provided always, that if it shall happen that no more than One of the said Commissioners shall attend at any Meeting or Meetings aforesaid to be holden pursuant to this Act, such Commissioner may, and he hath hereby full Power and Authority to adjourn such Meeting or Meetings respectively to such Time, not exceeding Eight Days, as he shall see most convenient, giving due Notice thereof in Writing to the other of the said Commissioners: Provided also, that all the Meetings of the said Commissioners shall be held at some Place within the said Parish of Longboughton, or within Eight Miles of the Boundary of the said Parish.

v XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall happen to arise between the Parties that now are, or shall before the making the Award herein-after mentioned be interesse.l in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or any of them, touching or concerning the rtfixftive Shares and Proportions which they, or any of them shall claim in the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them ought to have of or in the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to de'ermine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Tythes, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affected by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, anti shall be deiirous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests respectively tried at Law; and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so desirous to have the fame tried at Law, shall and do by themselves or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners, or either of them, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination (halt have been so made by the said Commissioners, of which Notice the said Commissioners are hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies or Agents as aforesaid, then but not afterwards it shall be lawful for the Person or Potions, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate,

t

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 24. 463

porate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, or their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law, of the fame, at the Assizes to be holden for the County of Northumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose to be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, against: the Lord of the said Barony of Alnwick, or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, interested in the said Division, who shall make such Objection or Objections* within Two Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid j and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file common Bail, or appear and accept one or more Issue or Itfues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought* if the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Vrrdids which shall be given in the said Actioa or Actions, shall be final and conclusive to all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all Persons whomsoever; and after any Verditl ot Verdicts shall have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time hetein-before limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded; but if no such Action or Actions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate giving such Notice within the Time aforesaid, or if such Action or Actions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the first Assizes which shall be holden for the said County of Northumberland after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving such Notice, by or on Account of the Neglect or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in such Case the Determination of the Commissioners or Umpire shall be final, binding, and conclusive unto and upon all Parties whomsoever.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Actiom not to Parties in any Action or Addons to be brought and prosecuted in pur- Death'efa* fuance of this Act, shall die, pending the fame, such Action or Actions P-rtj.

shall not abate by Reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Paid Com- rommimon-missioners shall, and they are hereby empowered at their Discretion, upon toatuij Requell made to them by all or any of the Parties in whose Favour they shall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge such Colls and Charges as they shall think reasonable, for the Use and Benefit of such

Party or Parties upon or against: the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections,

Complaint or Complaints, shall be thereby di(fallowed (as the Case shall happen); and by Warrant under the Elands and Seals of the said Commissioners to levy such Coils and Charges by Distress and Sale of the

Goods

464 tfG.EQRpll III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2 4.

Goods and Chattels of such last-rtientioned Person or Persons, together wkh-the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case there shall be no Gbods and Chattels whereby to levy the same, or in case a Body Corporate is-to pay such Costs, then and in either of such Cases it shall be lawful for the Perfort or Persons in whose Favour such Costs shall be-awarded, to rtfdover (he fame by Action or Atftions of Debt, or on the Cale, in which it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum specified in the Order of Adjudication made by the said Commissioners, and in consequence of such Order

u. of Adjudication/ 'without letting forth any other of the Proceedings therein had. f L

Commission- XV. And, for thd preventing all Disputes and Differences which may mire o'what arise touching thfe Repairs of the public Highways and Roads which shall Town'hiu b£ set out and appointed in pursuance of this Act or of the said Act of the»

beio!^3'1 Forty-first Year aforesaid; be it further enacted, That the said Commit-

ftoners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to determine adjudge what Parts of the fail Highways and Roads so to be set out and, and appointed shall or do belong to any Townships or Quarters respectively, and she said Commissioners shall in and by their General Award order and direct by what Townships or Quarters respectively such Highways and Roads shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair } and the Owners and Occupiers, for the Time being, in each of such Townships or Quarters respectively, shall, from and after the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners, maintain, amend, and keep such, respective public Highways and Roads in Repair, as shall be so determined and adjudged to belong to such Townships or Quarters respectively, in the same Manner as ancient and common public Highways and Roads are by. Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

Aiiofirifntp of , XVI, And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and 0fn'|S'c'mntl1 aTe ^ere^v rect'Jired in the next Place to set cut, allot, and appoint mo,'0 the" unto tho said Hugh Duke and Earl of Northumberland, as Lord of the cord of the Barony of Alnwick as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as shall then Soil?0' f°' '6 be entitled to the Did Barony, his or their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, One full Sixteenth Part in Value (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) of the said Common Moor or Waite respectively so to be divided and allotted, after deducting the public Carriage Roads, Drains, Water-coursts, and Quarries, in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satis-faCiion of his Right and Interdt to the Soil of the said Common Moor or Waste so to, be divided and allotted, and also for his Consent to the said Division and Inclosure thereof, over and above and exclusive of such Share and Allotment, Shares and Allotments, of the said Common Moor or Tract of Waite Ground, as shall be assigned and allotted to him in respect of his several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Waite.

Tht I o d*

XVII. And be it further etta&ed, That such One full Sixteenth Part sixteenth tt» on Share'of ttiet said Common Moor or Waits, when and so soon a» the Ik mlhcli1 fame shall be assigned, set o.ur, allotted, and appointed as aforesaidi, Towni-pttr shall brand be deemed Part and Parcel of phe said Barony of the Tonimf shall be allot.tad and awarded / lie in luck Townships, Quarters, or rioTiers'fiait" Places within the said Parish Iff Longkoughton as tile Cojamhliq/rers shall * ' ’ allot

4-^5

47° GEORGII III. ScIT.2. Cty.24.

allot and appoint; and that from and immediately after the Execution and Enrolment ot' the General Award of the said Commissioners, the said One Sixteenth Part or Share shall be, and the fime are hereby declared and enacted to be, and lie within, and shall be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of Inch Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively, being within the said Parish of Longhoughton, as the same shall be so appointed and awarded to lie as aforesaid, to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, All tmenu of and they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, divide, assign, Commend allot, and appoint the Residue of the said Common Moor or Waite, after the said several Allotments herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid shall have been made and set out accordingly, unto and among!! the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Edward Gallon, and the several Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, having Righc of Common upon the said Common Moor or Wade respectively, in Proportion and according to the respective Values of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they are so entitled thereto respectively as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Encnach-missioners shall, and they are hereby required, in all Cases where the fame

can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation of the Personsin adjoining Lands, to assign and allot unto such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled to and having Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Wade, as are in the Possession of any such Encroachment or Encroachments, as is or are herein-before directed to be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Common Moor or Wade, all and every the Lands and Grounds comprized therein, and all Edifices and Buildings erected thereon, for or in Parc of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively by virtue of this Act, unless it shall happen that such respective Encroachments diall be greater or more (Quantity and Quality considered) than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto, which such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic cr Corporate, in the Possession of such Encroachment or Encroachments respectively, would be entitled to, for and in respect of their ancent Edate, in which case a proportionable Part of such Encroachment or En-cioachments shall be deducted from the same respectively, and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required in their Valuation of such Encroachments for the Purposes aforesaid, to edimate the fame according to their original Value in their open State, without any Regard to the Improvement thereon, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings which are erected or built thereupon.

r*?lt ' !' - ht.v V trill r. . . , > t|\ J, f ... fi .1 I....T.9D 3 I

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor or Pro- Distin&Al-pTietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments by this Act authorized to lament to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, shall hold their respective Lands or '0}^n Heredi aments for different Estates, or under different Titles, the said by different' CommifBoneis shall ascertain and diltinguish the Lands or other Here- °£ fjr ditaments held for each of such Titles respectively, and shall also set out Eitat's!* and distirguish the different Allotments or other Hereditatnenes, to be accepted and taken as an equivalent in respect of each of them; and the

[Uc.VPer.-] OB said

4 66

Allotments to be in the fame Lordships as the ancient Lands.

Allotments for Property granted by JLeafej at Rack Rtnt to be set out to the Letters.

Allotments that may happen to be loid, may on Re-«)ueft be allotted to tire Purchasers by the General Award.

or t

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 24.

said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set forth and declare, in and by iheir said General Award, in Right of what Estates in particular such Allotments shall have been respectively made, and therein also separately to describe and ascertain the Situation of every such Allotment.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Allotments of the said Common Moor or Waite, to be assigned, set out, allotted, and appu.nted by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in respect to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Parish of Longhoughton, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Pared of and within the Township, Quarter, or Place, Townships, Quarters, and Places respectiveiy, being within the said Parish of Longhoughton, wherein the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, do lie, or are situate, in respect of which such Allotments shall be respectively m;de; and that the several Allots ments of the said Common Moor or Waste, to be assigned, set out, allotted, and appointed, by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in respect of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, having Right of Common thereon as aforesaid, not being within the Parish of Longhoughton, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the Township of Longhoughton.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Allotments to be set out and made, by virtue of this Act* in respect of any Property granted or demised, or held by any Leases or Agreements for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at Rack Rent, shall be allotted to the respective Lessors or Owners of such Property, and shall be held and enjoyed by them respectively, free from all Right, Title, and Interest, of their respedjve Lessees or Tenants, by virtue of or under such Leases or Agreements $ and such respective Lelfors or Owners shall make such Abatements of the Rent reserved or made payable by such Leases or Agreements respectively, for and on Account of their taking such Allotments, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be just and reasonable, and shall in and by their General Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, ascertain, di-red, and appoint.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons ero-

titled in Fee Simple to any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common Moor or Waste, shall by any Writing under his, her; or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings prcvioully to their preparing a Draft of their General Award, figoi/y and declare that he, she, or they hath or have fold and disposed of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments to any Person or Perfttrvs to be nkmed and described in such Writing, and shall desire the same to be set out, allotted, and appointed to the Person or Persons so purchasing the farrle, the said Commissioners in every such Case shall and they are hereby authorized tb set out, allot, and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall have io given Notice of their having fold and’dif-poled thereof, to the* Person or Persons mentioned in such Notice ta be the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Allotment or Allotments.; and the said Allotment or Allotments fa fold and disposed of evnry such

47° GEORGII III. Sefr.'i. Cap. 24. 4^7

Cafe, from and after the Execution of the said General Award of the faitl Commissioners, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be veiled in Fee Simple in the Person or Persons' to whom the same shall have been by such Notice or Writing as aforesaid fd signified and declared to have been so sold as aforesaid, and to his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to alf Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Exchange*, the said Commissioners to set out, assign, or allot any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Messuages,

Buildings, inclosed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Longbougbton and Lesbury aforesaid, or either of them, in lieu

of and exchange for any other Messuages, Bprfaings, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the fame Parishes, or either of them, so that every Exchange be set forth and ascertained by the General Award of the said Commissioners, and also be made with the Consent of the respective Proprietors or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, seised or emitted in Possession of or to the Hereditaments so to be exchanged for any Life of Lives, or for some Estate of Inheritance, or of the Husbands, Guardians,

Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors, who shall at the Time of making such Exchanges be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics,

Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, such Consent to be respectively signified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the contenting Patties, or under-the Seals of such of them as are a Corporation Aggregate; and every Exchange so made and declared shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in Law, and the respective Lands or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall go and remain to the same Person or Persons, and to', for, and upon the same Uses, Estates, Trusts, Intents, arid Purposes, and be subject to the fame Powers, Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the Lands 1

or Hereditaments in respect Whereof the same shall be exchanged would have gone and remained, and have been subject pr liable to in case the Exchange thereof had not Been made: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church or Chapel, or Ecclesiasticil Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocete in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

inndjae- i . i r

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Notices which by this Act, Notices to be or the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, are required

to be given or published in some public Newspaper, of fettitig out public Coura'nt!* Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the said Commissioners,' and of any other Act, Matter, or Thing, shall be inferred in the New cq/lle-upon-Tyne Courant, or if that Newspaper shall net then be published, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers generally circulated in the County of Northumberland. i

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the General Award to be made Awarr?«, be by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Bireftiens of the salt! Act o'f *|nrol,ed a,‘d the Forty-first Year of the prefenrReign and this Act, shall be enrolled K'k"of'* \yjtn the Clerk, of the Peace for the County of T<orthumberlandy and the t*1* Peace, said original General Award, and tuch Plans ard 'Surveys 'as may be annexed

468

Copies of Plans to be He-livered upon a rs?.son<ble Sum being paid for the feme to the Clerk ofihe Peace.

Commissioners it ay execute Duplicate* of the Award for Persons requiring and paying for the lame.

Allotments to be of the fame Tenure as the ancient Lands-

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 14.

nexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Feace fer the said County of Northumberland, to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Session of the Peace there, to the End that Rtcourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Divinon; which said Award and Plans, and every other Award and Instrument to be lodged with the said Award, shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice of the Party requiting such lnipeftion.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Northumberland shall be required to make and deliver a Copy or Copies of any of the Plans annexed to the said General Award, deposited with the Clerk of the Peace aforesaid, a reasonable Payment, not exceeding Two Guineas, shall be made to him, over and above the Charge for Stamp Duties, and for the Copy or Copies of the said Award and Instruments, or any Part thereof, for a Copy or Copies of such Plans, or any Part thereof respectively; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between the said Clerk of the Peace and the Person or Persons requesting a Copy or Copies of such Plans, or any Part thereof respectively, touching such Allowance, then and in such Case the same shall be settled and ascertained by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland in General Quarter Sessions assembled, or by the major Part of them, and the fame being settled and ascertained shall be final and concluuve to the said Parties.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, at the Request, Cods, and Charges of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, and their Stewards or Agents, having any Allotment or Allotments of the said Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided, or otherwise interested therein, at any Time before the depositing of the said Award, make and execute a Copy or Copies of the said Award, Plans, and Surveys, or any of them, for the Use of the Person or Persons requesting the fame, and such Duplicate or Duplicates shall at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment and Allotments of Lands and Grounds which shall be made, set out, or appointed, in pursuance of this Act, shall be held by the fame Tenure, and shall be fu'ojeft to the fame yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs and Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services as the several and respective Meffu3ge«, Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out or allotted, are, and have heretofore been holden respectively, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Barony of Alnwick for the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, and Affigns, shall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities for recovering and enforcing the fame respectively, as they could or might have had in respect of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before the passing of this Act j but the said several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out and allotted, and the Allotments made in respect thereof, shall not, nor shall any of them be subject

9 ta

469

4*7° GEORGII m.

to any new or increased yearly or other Rents, Payments, Reliefs, Fines,

Dtf*s, Dtities, Suits,-or Services whatsoever, to the Lord of the Said Larony or Manor of Alnwick^ his Heir's and Ali’gus.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and d dared. That A5l not to nothing tn this Act contained Shall exrend, or be construed, deemed, or i/,j ^liot." adjndged’tdl revoke, alter, annul, or make void any Settlement, Deed, menrjiogo Will, or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons whom- ufo.*1*"'* soever, having any Ri^ht or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service,

Debt,'Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, or upon, or afteding any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof any Allotment of the said Common Moor or Watte shall be made by virtue of this Act, but that the several Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be alligned or allotted upon? the said Divisioti to the several Proprietors respectively, dull, immediately after the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners, be vetted in, and remain, continue, and enure to, and be held* and enjoyed by the several Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom the lame shall be assigned or allotted respectively; and they dull from thenceforth stand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Interests, fruits, and Pul poles, and fdbjed and liable to the fame Wills, Limitations, Estates, Conditions, Settlements, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Leases, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances of every Kind, as the several Hereditaments in respect whereof the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be respectively assigned or allotted, would have itood severally limited or settled to or upon, or have been severally subject and liable to if such Allot-, ments thereof had not been made or this Act had not been parted, except as to such Lrease3 and Agreements at Rack Rent as rtiall be determined under this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or fro- InC*fe>wi>ere p tie tors of-ariy Lands or other Hereditaments, which shall be divided or’p|njlsn(^:'! jjf allotted by virtue of this Act, shall hold their respective Lands and Heredita- fere*"Titles, ments for different Estates, or under different Titles, and where from the *c-

Want of the necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from enflwil'not* any other Cause, their Award shall have omitted the distinguishing and liwcdif-ascertaining of the Lands or other Hereditaments bolden for each of such facs^Lsnis Estates and under each off ch Titles respectively, and the setting out amt awarded and awarding of several and diitind Allotments for such respective Lands m=n’tbVor'tne~ pr other Hereditaments as herein-before is required; and after the making fame in their of the said Award, Request shall be made to the said Commissioners by ,iie

any Person or Persons imerested, by Writing under his or their Hand or ma^on Re-^ Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Inrtruinent; then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to after the mak-do every Thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as that ingefthe Purpose shall require to examine Witnesses, and in every other respect to l'ul Awartl‘ proceed and ad as if the Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they shall think sufficient Information, are hereby also authorized, determined by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to distinguish and ascertain the Difference of Tenure Estates and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the fame planner as is hereby required where such Dlfcri ruination should be con-[Loc. & Per.2 6C tained

<7° 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 24.

tained in the said Award; and every such separate Inlftument shall be enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof shall be given in the same Manner as by the said Add of the Forty-full Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them respectively is directed, concerning the said General Award of the said Commissioners; and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such separate Instrumem as aforesaid shall be payable by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners to make and execute the fame, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; and every such separate Instrument shall, from and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, have the fame Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Contents thereof had been inferred and contained in their laid General Award; and the lame shall, after such Enrolment as aforesaid, be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request any such Omission shall have been so supplied, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in question shall, in the Opinion of the said Com-niiilioners, most properly belong.

Ai ot-cnis

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Allotments to be fenced, to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, by and at the Expence of such respective Proprietors, in such Manner and within such Time, and shall be from thenceforth kept in Repair, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in their General Award order and direct, except only such Allotments, the inclosing and fencing whereof are otherwise particulai ly directed and provided for by this Act.

No Ti.tvej or

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of iuoi 10 be tut. this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons (other than and except the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Barony of Alnwick, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, or AlTigns, and the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution) to cur, dig, or carry away any Turves or Sods, in, upon, or from off the said Common Moor or VYalte, or any Part thereof, until the same shall be allotted and set out as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting, lor every such Offence, to the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Lord of the said Barony, His H irs, Successors, or Alligns, such Sum not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings, as shall be assessed in the Nature of an Amerciament, at any Court Leet or Court Baron to be holden for the said Barony of Alnwick, the same to be aff'eared by the Act’earers then and there sworn, and which Amerciament or Amerciaments, when so affeared, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by virtue of a Precept to the Bailiff' or Bailiff's of the said Barony, to be directed for that Purpose by the Steward of the Court of the said Barony; and the Money arising from all such Amerciaments shall be paid to the Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences ol carrying this Act into Execution.

Expends of

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences

to'bfpauTby soliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of iurveying, planning,

the Punier. and measuring, dividing and allotting the said Common Moor or Waite, and of making Highways or Roads, and of all other the Charges and

Expences

471

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 24.

Expences incident to or attending the Execution of this Act, as are not herein otherwise directed to be paid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the fevetal and respective Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common Moor or Waste shall be respectively made, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the Vicar of Long-boughton and the Vicar of Lesbury aforesaid, for the Time being as such) in Proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments, to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and the several and respective Shares and Proportions of all such Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expenc.es as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid by such Owners and Pro-p ietors respectively to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as shall by the said Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of their General Award as aforesaid, be ordered, directed, and appointed, in Writing under their Hands respectively. Twenty Days before the Time appointed for such Payment.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, shall, at all and every of their Attendances or Meetings for putting this Act into Execution, bear and pay their own Expences; and that when and as soon as the said intended Division and other Purposes of this Act shall be finished and completed, and the said Commissioners shall have executed their said General Award, they the said Commissioners respectively shall be paid and allowed each of them the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for each and every Day upon which they respectively shall have attended a Meeting, and transacled Business in or for putting this Act into Execution.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby respectively required to keep, or cause to be kept, a just and true Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which shall be raised or received, and laid out or expended by them, or by their Order, or for their life, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due or owing to them for their own Trouble or Expences, and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, and such Accounts shall at leall once in every Year from the passing of this Act, till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and settled by Robert Hopper William-forty of the Town and County of Newca/l e-upon-Tyne, Esquire, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose; and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, by such other fit and proper Person as shall be appointed Auditor in his Stead by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is herein-before directed svith respect to the Meeting of the said Proprietors for the Purpose of appointing a Commissioner; and such Auditor for the Time bring shall from Time to Time Hate in Writing under his Hand the Balance of the said Accounts in such Book as aforesaid, and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Auditor; and also that such Book ol Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors, or their Agents, at all seasonable Times during the Progress

Commission

er3 to pay their own expences.

Commissioner* io account.

Money which may be advanced for obtaining or executing this Act to be repaid in the first Place with Imereti.

Power of Appeal.

47° GEORGII III. Seftz. Cap. 24.

of the said Division and Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been finally settled and allowed; and in case the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall refuse or neglect lo to do, the Commissioner or Commissioners, or Clerk respectively, so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every i'uch Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the same the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons who have Right of Common in or upon the said Common Moor or Wade, or any other Person or Persons shall advance or pay any Sum or Sums of Money

1 for the Purpose of defraying the Expence of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, all such Persons shall be fully repaid the fame, together with Interest thereon after the Rate of Five Pounds for a Hundred for a Year, out of the fird Money which shall be raised for the Purpose of this Act, such Interest to be computed from the Time or respective Times of advancing or paying the said Sum or Sums of Money, to the Time or respective Times of the Re-payment thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall think himself, herfeif, or them-ielves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where, by any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty-fiift Year of the piel'ent Reign, or of this Act, the Determination, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are directed to be final or conducive) he, she, or they may appeal to any General (Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the County of Northumberland within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Notice in Writing of every such Appeal, by affixing such Notice, expressing the Cause of Complaint upon the principal Doors of the Parish Church of Longhoughtcn aforesaid, Fourteen Days at lead before such General (Quarter Sessions; and the Justices of the Peace, assembled at fudt General Quarter Sessions, or at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions to which the said Justices shall adjourn any such Appeal, either for want of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, or for any other Cau.e which to the said Justices shall l'eem a sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeal, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and to make mch Order therein, and award such Damages and Cods as to them in their Dilcredon shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Cods which shall be so awarded by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, alter deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Didrefs and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said J udices upon every such Appeal shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Process or Writ whatsoever, into any <4 His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 24. 47 j

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors for the Time being, of RC, the several Lands allotted in pursuance of this Act, to win, get, and work Fieettom. therein Freestones, Whinstones, and Limestones, for the Use of the Ground so to be allotted to them, and also Freeltor.e for the Use of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Walla, Fences, and Hereditaments, in respect of which such Allotments shall be made, but for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Proprietors of the said several allotted Lands to dig and get therein Clay for Bricks or for'files, or any other Use or Purpose whatsoever, so as the fame be exdufively used for such Allotments, or the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect of which the same shall be allotted, and not for Sale, or any other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing In this The Act not Act shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, and fhePRJ/ht of Interest of the said Hugh Duke oiNorthumberland, or the Lord or Lords, themnlof Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the said Barony, his, her, or their |J‘' ^oMUie" Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, of, in, and to all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, lying or being within or under the said Common Moor or Wade hereby intended to be divided, and also of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Barony; and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Barony, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming by, under, or inTruft for him, her, or them, as Lord of the said Barony for the Time being, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Customs,

Suits, and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Courts Leer, and Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Perquisites of Court and Leets, and all Things which to Courts Leec and Views of Ftank-pledge and Courts Baron do belong or appertain, with Free Warren and Liberty of Hawking, Hunting, Fishing, and Fowling within and through, out the said Barony, and every Part thereof, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, and Felons of themselves and put in F..\igent,

Deodands, Treasures Trove, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, Escheats, Fairs,

Markets, Tolls, Customs, Stallages, Dues, Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Privileges, Profits, Coinmodit es, Advantages’, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters, and Things whatsoever, to the said BaTony, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the said Common Moor or Wade, and such Common Right thereon respectively, as could or might be claimed by them, for which Compensation is herein-before directed to be made) in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might have heid and enjoyed the lame il this Act had not been made; and tliac the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and all succceding Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Barony ot Alnwick, or his, her, or their Tenants, Lessees, or Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all limes hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy txclufively all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind ibever (save and except the said public Quarries, and such other Freefone, Whinilone and . [i «.VP,r.l 6 0 Limcflon.

474

For rrakinj*

Compensation fcr Damages in working Mines.

The Vicar’s Allotment to be fenced.

47° GEORGII III. Sefi*. 2. Cap. 24.

Limestone as aforesaid) within and under the said Common Moor or Waite hereby directed to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof respectively, and the several Allotments thereof in pursuance of this Act. together with all convenient and necessary Ways and Wavleaves and all Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, through, over, and along the fame or any Part thereof, and also for searching for, winning, and working the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones, Foilils, and other Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, or Collieries, belonging to r.he laid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, and of making Pits, Shafts and Pumps, Pit Rooms, and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the fame, and of erecting, building, and using Houses, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines and other Engines, Mills and other Erections and Buildings, and of altering, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their Free Will and Pleai’ure, and to do, execute, and perform all such Works, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, either now in use, or hereafter to be invented, as shall or may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete Working, life, and Enjoyment of such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, hereby reserved in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Barony for the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, or any Person or Persons claiming under him, her, or them, shall, after such Inclosures or Allotments made as aforesaid, search for, win, or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Inclosures to be made as aforesaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, then and in such Case the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Barony, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, or such Person or Persons so claiming under him or them, shall make a reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, or by the erecting or building Fire Engines or other Engines, Mills, or other Erections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of such Grounds at the Time or Times of such Damage or Spoil.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, before the Execution of their General Award, cause the Allotments to be awarded to the Vicar of Longhoughton, and to the Vicar of Lefoury aforesaid, in respect of the said Vicarages, to be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced with good and sufficient Boundary Fences, the Expences whereof, as also of carrying this Act into Execution in respect of such Allotments, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies hereby Jircfted to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution; and from and after making such Inclosures and Hedges, Ditches and Fences, 9 to

475

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 24.

to the said Allotment or Allotments, all such Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, shall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair by the Vicar of Long-houghton and the Vicar of Lesbury aforesaid respectively, and their respective Successors as aforesaid, and the Owner and Owners of the adjoining Allotment or Allotments, or any of them, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said General Award order, direct, and appoint.

XLIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs Oencril and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Saving.

Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the several other Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said Common Moor or Waste, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, before the passing of this Act, or could or might or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by This Act to the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so P',;ue<i, printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and Evidence! others.

ViUio znstili/- 10 aiuH lis/lt tin nntoc mbiT arii tot ynoisa anUt .» ni

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan1, Printer* to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff! 2.

Cap. 25.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and To;vn-ships of Hun ton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS, within the Manors and Township of Hunion, in the Parishes of Hornby and Patrick Brempton, in the North-Riding of the County of York, there is a Stinted Pasture called the Scrogp, and certain-open Fields called West Gill Field and Mill Gill, and several Parcels of Common and Wide Grounds, containing together, by Fflimation, One hundred and thirty' Acres, or thereabouts; and also a Tract of Common, or uninclosed Ground, called Hunton Moor or Common, containing also, by Estimation, Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas Timothy Hutton, of Clifton Castle, in the said North-Riding, Ei'quire, is Lord of the said Manors of Hunton, and, as such, is seised of, and entitled unto, the Soil and Inheritance, and to the Mines, Minerals, (Quarries, and Royalties, within and under the said Waste Grounds and Moor or Common; and the said Timothy Hutton, together with Thomas Thornhill and Gregory F.l/lcy, Esquires; the Reverend John Theakstone Clerk; Thomas Other, John Hodgson, and John Anton, Gentlemen, and divers other Persons, are respectively Owners and Proprietors of a certain Number of Cattlegates and other Rights in the said open Fields, feme or one of them, and are also respectively Owners and Proprietors of ancient inclosed Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Manors, and in respect thereof, or at, appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Trustees, [Lie. & Per.] ft E Lessees,

478

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 25.

Lessees, or Tenants, are entitled to a Right of Common in and upon the said Wade Ground* and Moor or Common: And whereas the said Stinted Failure, open Fields, Waile Grounds, and Moor or Common, in their prevent State, are’ of little Value to the Persons interested. therein; but if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof were adigned and allotted to the Parties interested, in Proportion and according to their several Rights and Interests therein, it would be of Advantage to them, and4 affa of Public Utility; but such Division and Inclosure cannot be efiected without the Aid of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by srp7imfd°ne' t‘ie Authority of the same, That Jonathan Teal, of Leeds, in the said County of York, Land Surveyor, shall be, and is hereby appointed the foie Commissioner for surveying, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said open Fields, Waife-Grounds, and Moor or Common, amongst the several Persons interested therein; and for carrying the several other Purposes of this Act' into Execution, pursuant to the Powers, Regulations; Restrictions, and Provisions contained in this Act; and to such of the Powers, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained in an Act passed in tire Forty-first Year of the Reign of Kis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one Ad certain Provisions uftally inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for fMilitating the Mode of proving the several lifts ifually required on the passing of such Acts, as are not controlled by, or repugnant to, any of the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Regulations contained in this Act, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

tcTbetwom^ And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ally one Justice of Peace in the North-Rjding of the County of York to ad-.muffler, and lie i* hereby authorized and rtquirdd to administer to the said CBmmlflJon&y'arid every future Commissioner who shall be appointed in pursuance o; this Act, the Tlath prescribed by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. ,

For appoint- lift And be it further-enacted, That if the said Jonathan TeaI shall die, jr.nnojieiv m" or refuse 10 aft, or become incapable of acting as Commissioner in the Usfecotion of this Act; before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trulls hereby in him repoled, shall be fully executed and performed, it {half and may be lawful to and for the major Part jn Value of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Stinted Failure and open Fields, and of the ancient inclosed Lands artdTcnements in the fasti Manors of Huns on, by any Writing under their Hands; to nominate and appoint, as often as there shall be Occasion, a. fit and prop, r Pcvion (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure; to be the Conunifiioner in the Place and Stead of the said Jonathan Teal; nr any Commissioner so dying, or refuting to act, or becoming.incapable of afting as aferefoid; whieft Comtpifiiqrier so appointed shall have the fame Perwets and Authorities in the Execution of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and of this Act, as are given to the said Commissioner hereby appointed.

Encroach- IV.- And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Encroachments

n.ciuc which have been taken from the said Waste Grounds, or Moor, or Common; (dave and except such as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for the

479

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Caf. 25.

the Space of Thirty Years lad pad or upwards, without any Interruption or Payment of any Acknowledgement), shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Waste Grounds or Moor or Common so to be divided; and in Cafe any Difference or Dispute shall arise touching any such Inclosures or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the said Waste Grounds or Moor or Common, such Difference or Dispute shall be examined into and determined by the said Commissioner.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner hereby ap- Commissioner pointed, or to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, shall caui'e Notice to be nUSitmlg* given at the Parish Churches of Hornby and Patrick Brampton aforesaid, and

ulfo at liuntsn Chapel, on some Sunday during Divine Service, by Writing, to be affixed on one of the Outer Doors of the said Churches and Chapels respectively, of the Time and Place of his first and every other Attendance or Sitting for executing the Powers by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-irft Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and hereby vested in him, at least Six Days before such Attendance, (Attendances by Adjournment only excepted); and the said Commissioner shall and may adjourn any such Attendance from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as he shall see Occasion, without giving Notice of such Attendance by Adjournment, otherwise than by leaving, at the Time and Place of such Attendance,

Notice, under his Hand, when and where lueh adjourned Attendances are from Time to dime to be held, provided that all Meetings of the said Proprietors, and the Attendance of the said Commissioner for putting the before-mentioned Att and this Act into Execution, shall be holden within the Township of Huntm aforesaid; anti all other Notices necessary to be given by the said Commissioner in pursuance of the said Ait of the Forty-first Year . ofi his present Majesty's Reign, or of this Act, unless otherwise particularly diae<fhsd,"shall be given by Writing, to he-affixed upon the Outer Doors of die faith Parish Churches q! Hornby and Patrick Brampton aforesaid, and a.lfo Upon the Door of the said Chapel of Hunton, or by Advertisement in the York Chronicle i or if that Newi’paper shall not then be published, in some other Newspaper circulated in the said North-Riding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall MaV arise between any of the Parties who are, or before the making of the ctom^'1* Award of the Commissioner shall be, interested in the said Division and ’ficknuvc, touching or concerning the Rights and Interests which they or

any of them shall have, or claim to have, of, in, or to the said open Fields,

Waste Grounds, and Me,or or Common, or any of them, or any Part or Parts lhereof, or touching or concerning any t*hcr Matter or Thing relating to the Division and Initio lure,hereby directed to be made, it fluid be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorised and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame respectively: Provided, that nothing heroin, contained shall autiior-le the said Commissioner to hear and determine any Ditlerence or Dispute which may arise, touching the Right or l iiie to any l ands, ienements or Hereditaments whatsoever, except as to Eneroariamcuts as aforesaid.

JdT-’il , ' . i , '

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons making p,wer to,rv any Chum or Claims to any Lands, Cattlfcgan or Hereditaments, intended d pwed to be divided or affected by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein or Ciaims‘ objecting to any Inch Claim or Claims, Uadi be dilTatjshed with any Determination of the said Commissioner, and shall be desirous of having such

Claim

480 47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 2$.

Claim or Claims, Rights, and Interests respectively tried at Law, and the Person or Persons so desirous to have the lame tried at Law shall, by themselves, or their respective Agents or Attornies, give Notice thereof in Writing to t'nesaid Commissioner for the Time being, within Two Calendar Months* after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commissioner, (of which Notice, the said Commissioner is hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, h er, or their respective Agents or Attornies, by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Agents or Attornies respectively), then, but not afterwards, it shall he lawful for the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs or Assigns, to proceed to a Trial at Law for the fame, at the Affiz.s to be holden for the County of York next, after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after such Determination as aforesaid, in a feigned Action for that Purpose, to he commenced in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at We.imin'hr, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, giving such Notice as aforesaid against the adverse Party making such Claim or Objection as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appearand accept one or more Issue or IAues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests may be properly tried and determined, (such Itfue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action shall be brought, if the Parties shall differ about the fame), and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions shall be final and conclusive upon all and every Person or Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, whomsoever; and after any Verdict or VerdiCb shall have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and re9u’re<^ to conform thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for ,n: a new the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall T«ai up-in be depending, upon sufficient C.ause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Ciute shewn. ant] award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before

limited of Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner, touching or concerning such Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Inrerefls in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof which shall not be objected to in due Time, or, being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting shall not cause such Action or Actions at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided also, that if any of the Parties, in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in, as if no such Event had happened.

Commissimer

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful gw aifcfi for the said Commissioner, in case he shall think fit to award any Coifs, to assess such Coifs and Charges as he shall think reasonable, for the Use and Benefit of the Party or Parties in whose favour he shall make his Award or Determination, upon or against the Person or Persons whose Claims, Complaints, or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed, as the

Cafe

4-8 r

4.7.0 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 25.

Cafe shall happen; and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioner to levy such Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such lad mentioned Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after deducting the veasonable Charges attending such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so didrained and sold as aforesaid.

IS. And be it further enacted, That the said Jonathan Teal, or the A t t.nentw Commissioner for the Time being, shall set out, allot, and award to and for the said Timothy Hutton, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of SjiI. the said Manors of Hunton, for the Time being, One full highteenth Parr or Share of the said Waste Grounds and Moor or Common, intended to be hereby divided and inclosed, (the Quality as well as the Quantity thereof to be duly considered), in Recompense and full Satisfaction for his, her, or their Right and Intered in the Soil of the said Waste Grounds and Moor or Common intended to be hereby divided and inclosed, exclusive of such other Shares thereof as he, flic, or they shall be entitled to, in respect of his, her, or their Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, to which a Right of Common on the said Waste Grounds and Moor or Common is appendant or appurtenant as aforesaid, and also exclusive of any Right of Common purchased or referred by, or to any Person, Owner or Owners of the said Manors, and his or her Heirs and A thy ns, for or in respect of any Mills, Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, in the said Manors of Hunton, to which Right of Common the said Timothy Hutton, his heirs or Assigns, may be now entitled.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Jonathan Teal, or the Ailo'.mer.tt* Commissioner for the Time being, shall set out, assign, and allot the ofths

Residue of the said Stinted Paffure, Open Fields, Waste Grounds, and Moor or Common, (after first deducting so much and such Part and Parts of the said Stinted Failure, Open Fields, WaJle Grounds, and Moor or Common, as he may think proper to set out and appoint for Publick Highways, Roads, Water-courses and Drains, and for a Common Quarry or Quarries, and Common Watering Places or Wells, 'if necessary), by virtue of the said Act and this Act), unto and amongst the several Persons interested in the said Stinted Failure, Open Fields, Wafts Grounds, and Moor or Common, in such Quamirie-, Shares, and Proportions, as he shall judge and determine to be just, equivalent, and adequate to and for their respective Rights and Intereils therein, having a due Regard as well to the Quality and Quantity as to the Situation of the said Open Fields, Waste Grounds, and Floor or Common, so to be divided; and shall alib, with all convenient Speed after such setting out and allotting of the said Open Fields, Waste Grounds, and Moor or Common is completed, deliver or cauie to be delivered to each of the several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Cattlegates, interested in the said Division and inclosure, or to each of their respective Agents, a Ticket r Note in Writing signed with his Name, specirying the Quantity in Statute Measure, and the Situation of the Allotment or Allotments set out and allotted to or for the Person or Persons whose Allotment or Allotments shall be described in such 1 icket or Note in Wilting, and which Part of the Hedges or Fences they shall respectively be required to make and repair; in order that each of the Persons inter; lied in the said Division may [Loc. ts5 Per.] 1, /' have

xH 47° GEORGII III. Se/r.2. Cap. 25.

have an Opportunity of considering the Justice and Equity of such Division, before the said Commissioner for the Time being shall make and pubiifli

his final Award.

memTtobe 'XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Coni-aiiuttedtoPe-- miffianer shall, and he is hereby required in all Cases where the fame can s’Jnt1" P1ff’ ^)e done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation of the adjoining Messuages or Lands, to allign and allot unto such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled and having Right of Common upon the said Waste Grounds or Moor or Common, as are in Posseflionof any such Encroachment or Encroachments herein-before directed to be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Waste Grounds or Moor or Coin-mon, and all and every the Lands and Grounds comprized therein, and all Edifices and Buildings erected thereon, for or in Part of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them reflectively by virtue of this Act, tmless it shall happen that such respective Encroachments shall be greater or more (Quantity and Ouality.considered) than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto, which such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in the PosseiTion of such Encroachment or Encroachments respectively, would be entitled to, for, and in respect of their ancient Estates, in which Cafe a proportionable Part of such Encroachment or Encroachments shall be deducted from the same respectively; and the said Commissioner is hereby directed and required, in his Valuation of such Encroachments for the Purposes aforesaid, to estimate the fame according to their original Value in their open State, without any Regard to rht Improvements made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings (if any) which are erected or built thereupon.

Lessors to moke Compensation to their Letlres for the Determination of their lr.tcrelts.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allotments to be made and set out by virtue of this Act in Right of any Property under Lease at Rack-Rent, shall be allotted and set out to the respective Lessors or Landlords, and shall be held and enjoyed by them free from all Rights ailil Interest of their respective Lessees or Tenants; and such respective Lessors or Landlords, their Heirs and Assigns, or the Persons seised of their Estates for the Time being, shall make such Abatement out of the Rems referred by such Leases respectively, or such other Compensation or Satisfaction on Account of the Determination of the common Right comprised dierein, as the said Commissioner shall adjudge reasonable, and shall, in and hv his Award or any ether Writing under his Hand, ascertain, direct, or appoint.

N Sheep, Cattle, fiorles or Asses, to he ke:*t in the In clofunrs for 10 Year*.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the said Award, keep or departure, or permit to be kept or depastured, any Sheep, Lambs, Cattle, Horses, or Aids, in Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, (unlei's he, she, or they, shall first effectually fence and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any Proprietor or Proprietors, from any Injury or Damage to their Quiikfets or new made Hedges or Fences.;, every Person so offending, upon Conviction thereof before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said North-Riding of the Counry of Jerk, on the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said justice or Justices, or any of them, is and are hereby empowered to administer), shall forfeit and pay for. every such Offence the

Soxu

47# GEORGII III. Sess. 2* Gap. 25. 483

Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Dili refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or the Hands and Seals of any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, at any Time within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold as aforesaid, and every such Penalty so to be levied shall be paid to the Person or Persons injured.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award or Awards, togetherwiih A want >o tic such Plan or Plans or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, which shall be made rJfler*otn add executed by the said Commissioner in pursuance of this Act, and also of fit- far riic the said Act of the Forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign,shall, withall convenient Speed be inrolled and entered at full length in the Register-Office

at North- Allerton in the said North-Riding, estabiished by an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the public Registering of Deeds, Conveyances, Witts, find other Incumbrances that shall be made of, or that may ajfeil, any Honours,

Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Hiding of the County of York, after the 'Twenty-ninth Day of September One thmifemd {even hundred and thirty-six; and tile said Register, appointed to keep the said Office, or his Deputy, for the Time being, is hereby required to bird or enter at full length the said Award or Awards, and the said Register or his Deputy, shall permit and 1’ufter any Person or Persons at all Times within the usual Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse and inspect the Inroilment of the said Award or Awards respectively, at the said Public Office paying or tendering to the said ltegiller, or his Deputy, for every such Perusal or inspection One Shifting and no more: and that the said Award or Awards, when inrolled at the said Office, shall with all convenient Speed be afterwards dodged in the Hands of the Chapel Warden of Hunton aforesaid for the Time being, in a Box to be provided by the said Cotr.missioner for that Purpose, in order that any Person interested in the said Inclosure may at all feafcuable Times have recourse thereto and take a Copy thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, enti- AHotmuitj, tuledinFee Simple to any Allotment or Allotments, Cattlegates or Cattle- &c- «oi,l may gate, or other Share or Interest, or Common Right, of, or in the said ^c’parchai.'^ Open Fields, Waste Grounds, and Moor or Common, shall by any Wri- era.

ting under his, her, or their Hand or Hands to be delivered" to the said Commissioner, at any of his Sittings previously to his preparing a Draft of his general Award signify and declare that he, she or they hath, or have, fold and disposed of his, her or their Allotment or A dot mints, Cattlegates, or Cattlegate, or other Share or Interest, or Common Right, to any Person or Persons to be named and described in Jucli Writing,'and ihairdefire the same to be let out, allotted and appointed to the Period on Persons so purchasitig the fame; the said Commissioner in every such Gale shall, and he is hereby amhorised to let out, allot and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall so have given Notice of their having fold and disposed thereof, to the Person or Persons mentioned in 1'uchNotice to be the Purchaser or Purchtderi thereof; and the said Allotment or Allotments shall, in every such Case, from anti after the Execution oi the Award of the said Commissioner, become, and the fame is, and are hereby declared veiled in, and Ruled upon, the Person and Persons

m

Allotments may be ex.

c..an»td.

Eyifcflc'fS 3f the Act.

4/ GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 25.

to whom the same shall have been by such Notice or Writing as aforesaid,

so iignilkti and declared to have been so sold as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs and Alligns to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Commissioner to fee out, assign, or allot any of the Allotments, Lands, or Cattlegates hereby directed to be divided, set out, appointed, and allotted, or any Messuages, Buildings, inclosed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments, situate within the said several Parishes of Hornby and Patrick Brompton aforesaid, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said several Parishes, or either of them, or in any adjoining Parish or Township. so that every such Exchange be set forth and ascertained by the Award of the said Commissionet, or foine Deed or Deeds to be executed by the said Commissioner at any Time before the Date of the said Award, and also be fnnde with the Consent of the respective Proprietors, or Pericns, Bodies Politic or Corporate, seised or entitled in Possession of or to the Hereditaments so to be exchanged, for any Life or Lives, or for a Term or Terms of Years absolute, of which fifty Years or upwards are unexpired, or for some Estate of Inheritance, or of the Hufbauds, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors who shall, at the Tihie' of Making such Exchanges, be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity/cf acTngfor'themselves, and so as all such Exchanges Ceding.any Messuages, Lards, or Hereditaments belonging to the several Benefices of Hornby and fitfntg Brompton aforesaid, or any other Eccleijastical Benefice, be' also made with the Consent of the Patron thereof, and die Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being, respectively, such Conl'ents to be teffithd by Writing under the Hands of the xonlenting Parties, or undei; the Seals of any or thefn, bdinjj'Corporations Aggregate, and every Exchange fb made andiiednred shall be for eve:' good, valid, and effectual in Law, and the respectiveXartds, Tenements/and Hereditament^ fqi to be exchanged, shall become and be of the fame Tenure, and held under the fame Rents and Services, arid gbTfnd remain to and upon the same Uses and Trusts, and be subject to the fame Powers, Conditions,-Cove-

nants, and Agreements, as thy IJ eyed i famous in respect whereof the same shall be exchanged lire or flial 1 be subject or liable to, or would hnvebfeen subject or liable to hi case the Exchange thereof had dot been made t Provided always, that'no such Exchange or Exchanges as aforesaid shall be made except of Freehold Lands "or Hereditaments for Freehold Lands or Hereditaments, or of I.case held Lands or Tenements, where the Term shall be more than Fifty Years to come, for Leasehold Lands or Tenements, where the Term therein shall be more than Fifty Years to come.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That as well the Fees and Payments of the iuid.X><nyniiflion,tr, as also the Charges and Expences attending the loceiting,v optaining, and passing'of this Act, and the surveying, planning and manuring, dividing, allotling and inctofing the said Open Fields, Waste Grounds, and Moor or Common respectively, and of preparing, making, executing, and injolligg the Ltd- Award of the said Commissioner, and of felting out the iglnvays, of Koftd% and of making any new Highways or

.. biovdv winch flttdi be let <Ast and appointed,;or directed to be made by die , i cd Counuililoner, and all other Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this prefeiu Aff, shall be borne and defrayed, from Time-to . Jjuog the fame fliaTT He incurred bf allthb PMpticfors and Owners-of,

' v ha i and

485

47' GEORGII III: Sess. 2. Caf.t5.

and Persons intcreded in the several Lands, Grounds, Hereditaments, and other Estates to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged, as afbn lai by virtue of this Act, and the said Act of the Forty-lird Year of his pr cnt Majesty's Reign, in such Shares and Proportions, and at such lime or l i nes, and to such Person or Persons as shall by the said Commissioner before or after the Execution of the Award be ordered, directed, and appointed determined by Wru ting under his Hand Twenty Days at lead before the Time appointed for such Payments.

XVIII. Provided, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges, or Paititions, by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner iha.ll order and direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day on which this Act shall receive the Royal Assent) the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by him received or expended, or due to him for his own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of th:s Act, and such Statement and Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be audited and examined by Christopbtr Wright of Cleajby, in the said Riding, Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose; and in case of his Death or Refusal to act by such other Person as shall be appointed Auditor for that Purpose in like Manner as is herein-before provided for the Appointment of a new Commissioner in the Place of the said Jonathan Teal; and the Balance shall be by the said Auditor dated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the said Commissioner, or of his Clerk; and no other Charge or Item in the said Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by the said Christopher Wright or such other Auditor as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be advancedf by any Person or Persons for defraying the Expences of applying for and passing this Act shall be repaid with lawful Interest out of the first Money to be raised by the said Commissioner in pursuance of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment and Allotments of Lands and Grounds which shall be made, let out or appointed in pursuance of this Act shall be held by the fame Tenure and shall be subject to the fame Yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs, and Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services as the fame or the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect of which the l'ereral Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out or allotted, are and have heretofore been holden respectively.

XXIL. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be condrued to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Deed, Will, Settlement, or Lease, (except so far as any such Lease shall be determined by this Act) or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, or [Lee. ft? Per] <5 G Incumbrances

Expenre* of Exclnnges to ho p*t<i oy the Patties.

Commission-ei*i Account! to be indited*

Money ad-

vancetl for defraying E* peaces of A^s to He re-paid with In-terclt.

Allotment^ to be of the fame Tenure as cue MefTuaj.es and Land# in respect of which they are mace*

Act not to af-meats.

4.86 A-'f GEO R G 11 I ft.' Seir.2. Cap. it.

fiicumbrances out of, upon, or a (feeling any of the Lands, Grounds* Cattlegates, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be respectively al-jotfed or appointed by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but that the Lands or Grounds, Cattlegates, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be respectively allotted or appointed by virtue of this Act, and the Person or Persons to whom the the same shall be allotted shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and Tubjeft to such and the fame Wills, Limitations, Estates, Conditions, Settlements, Provisions, Remainders, Reversions, and Leases (except as aforesaid) as the several Lands, Grounds, Cattle-gates, and Hereditaments in respect of which such Allotments shall be respectively allotted, let out, and made, were and flood limited, settled, veiled to, for or upon, or were severally subject and liable to, at or immediately before the said Award shall be made, and all such Allotments respectively shall nevertheless be subject to such Mortgage or Mortgages as shall be made by the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act.

/p «i to the

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Sc- think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing whatsoever to be done in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of his present Majesty, and of this Act, (other than and except in Cases where by any of the Provisions of the said Act or of this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the C.ommissioner are directed to be final and conclusive, and except as to such Claims, Matters, and Tilings as are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, and determined by the Verdict of a Jury), then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the North Riding of the County of York within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned. One Calendar jWbnths Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) in their General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Colls and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Older or Warrant to levy the Colls and Damages which Hi 11 be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed nor removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; and in caie such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall Item reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

Savin? to the

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained

l°r|. shall be taken or construed to defeat, lelfen, or prejudice the Right

or interest of the said Timothy Hutton as Lord of the Manors of Huntot aforesaid \ or of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor*

for

47° GEORGII III. SejT.;%, Cap. 25. 467

for the Time being of, ip, and to ail Mines of Lead, Copper, and Coals and all other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries ol: Stone in or tinder the said Waste Grounds and Moor or Common by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid: but that the said Timothy Hutton, his Heirs, Alligns, and his or their LeiTce or Lclfets at all Times hereafter 11 ail and may hold and enjoy, feaichforand work, all such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and other Rights and Privileges in the said Waste Grounds and Moor or Common (except the Right to the Soil thereof for which a Cornpensation is hereinbefore directed to be made,) after the same shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Fdrposes as if this Act had not been made, making reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons, Owner or Owners of any Allotment or Allotments for any Damage which shall or may be done by working such Mines or Quarries.

XXV. Saving always, to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his r,tI';rn!

Heirs and Successors, and to all other Person and Persons. Bodies Politic^ ’"®‘ Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to whom

any Allotment or Allotments or other Cornpensation shall be made by virtue of this Act, and except such other Rights as the Intents and Purposes of this Act shall require to be barred, dcltroyed, or extinguished), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands of, in, and to the said Open Fields, Waste Grounds, and Moor or Common hereby directed to be allotted and inclosed as they had and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case this Act Had not been made.

XXVI. And be it furthec enacted, That this Act shall be printed by PujI'c* Ait. the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof

so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juitiees and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan*,-Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff 4.

on*

Cap. 26.

An Act for inclosing Chew Moor, in the Township of Lojlock, in the Parish of Bolton-in-the-Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS there is within the Township of Lojlock, in the Parish of Bolton-in-the-Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, a certain Moor, Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, commonly called or known by the Name of Chew Moor, which contains Sixty-eight Acres One Rood and Thirty-six Perches, in Statute Measure, or theieabouts: And whereas Henry Blundell Esquire, Ralph Wright Gentleman, the Honourable Edward Perceval, and others, being Owners and Proprietors rei'ptctively of certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Township of Lojlock, in respect thereof, or otherwise, have severally for themselves and their respective Lessees and Tenants, pertain Estates, Rights, and Interests in, upon, and out of the said Moor: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Persons having such Ertates, Rights, and Interests, in, upon, and out of the said Moor, Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, and render the Cultivation and Management thereof much more convenient, if the fame was divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Perfor.s interested therein, in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One AR certain Provijitns usually infer ted in ARs of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several FaRs usually required on the passing of such Alls: May it therefore pleaseYour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent [Ick. isf Per.] 6 H " Majesty,

490

Commissioners appointed.

How new Commissioners shall be chosen.

In case of Difference in Opinion, or in Dispute between the Commissioners, they may refer the Matter in Dispute to a Third Person, whose Decision shall be final.

47° GEORGII III. SeR. 2. Cap. 26.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo’a., anti Common , in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Ralph Fletcher, of Hatdgb in the said Counts’, Eft)uire, and Thomas Cropper, late of Winstanley, but now of Taxteth Park in the said County, Gentleman, and their SucceiTots to be appointed in Manner hrrein-afer mentioned, shall be and they aie hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing and alioting the Lid Moor, C m-mon, or Piece of Waste Ground, and for carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution, subject to the Regulations of the said Trcued Act, except in such Cales where the same are hereby varied or altered.

II. And be it further enacted, That if either of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any succeeding Commissioner who may hereafter be nominated and appointed in the Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or shall refuse to act, or shall be rendered incapable of acting by Sickness, or any other Cause whatsoever, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them shall be carried into Execution, then and in every such Case anothtr Commissioner (not interested in the Lid Di-ifion and Inclosure in any respect) shall, upon the Application of the surviving or continuing Commissioner, or of any of the Per!fens entitled to Right 14' Common, or any other Right in and upon the said Moor, Common, 6r Piece of Waste Ground, or to any Allotment made or to be tr,acte in lefpeft of such Right, be appointed by a Majority in Value of the several Perfor.s entitled to such Rights, or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in Respect thereof, who shall be p'efenc at a public Meeting of fut h Persons entitled as aforesaid, to be hulden for that Purpose, and of which Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be put up and affixed on the West Door of the Parish Church of Bolton aforesaid; and if no new Commissioner shall be appointed at such Meeting, then anoffier Commissioner (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) shall, upon such Application as before-mentioned, be appointed by the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sc (lions of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, or at feme At journment thereof, to beholden in the Hundred of Salford, in the Room or Place of every such Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, or who shall become incapable of acting as aforesaid, public Notice of such Application having been affixed on the said Door of the said Parish Church, Fourteen Days at the lease previous to the holding of the Quarter Siflions, or the Adjournment thereof, at which Application shall be made; and every such new Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, in all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall succeed was veiled with by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difference in Opinion or Dispute shall at any Time or Times arise or happen between the Commissioners for the Time being, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the dividing and allotting the said Moor, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, when and as often as any such Difference in Opinion or Dispute shall happen or arise, to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a Third Person (not interested in the said Dlvision and Inclosure in any respect) to examine into, hear, and determine the Matter or Matters in Dispute, or

11 touching

'49*

47° GEORGII III. Sell'2. Cap. 26.

touching which any such Difference in Opinion shall have arisen, i^hose Deciflon respecting the Matter or Matters to him referred shall be ftnai and conciu(ive, and shall if necessary be ime.rted in the Award to be made by the said Coaimiffiuners, and be as binding and effectual, to all itnertts and Purposes, as if the Came had been agreed upon and determined by the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed in Manner atyrcl.id for carrying this Act into Execution, Hr rt

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person nominated and appointed Umpire’s a Referee or Umpire as aforesaid shall be capable of acting as such Referee or Umpire until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, the Affirmation following; (videlicet),

I Do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ affirm], That I will faithfully, impartially, and houeftly, according to ‘ the bell cf my Skill and Judgement, examine into, hear, and determine

the Matter or Matters submitted to my Deciflon under cr by virtue of an Act for inclosing Chew Moor, in the Township of Lcstock, in the

Parish of Bolton-in-the-Moors in the County Palatine of Lancaster, without

Favour or Aifeftion, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons ‘ whomsoever.

‘So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall be lawful for either of the Commissioners to administer; and the said Commissioners, or One of them, are and is hereby required to administer the lame accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Commission. they are hereby required to cause a Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon !'r*to 2lve the West Door of the Parish Church of Bolton aforesaid, of the Time and their Meet-Place of their full: and other Meetings, for executing the Powers hereby ings.

and by the said recited Act vested in them (Meetings by Adjournment excepted), at least Ten Days before every tuch Meeting shall be held, and that the Place of such Meetings, whether by Adjournment or o:her-wife, shall not exceed the Distance of Eight Miles from the Boundaries of the said Moor, Common, or Piece of Walle Ground; and the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn their Meetings from Time to Time, as they shall lee Occasion, without causing any further Notice to be given; and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said Commissioners, whether by Adjournment or otherwise, only One of them shall attend, and so from Time to Time as often as only One Commissioner shall attend, the Commissioner so attending may adjourn the same to such Time, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day on which such Meeting ouerht to have been held, and to such Place, not exceeding Eight Miles from the Boundaries of the said Moor, as shall be deemed by him most convenient, and shall cause Notice of every such last-mentioned Adjournment to be given to the absent Commissioner.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or Directing

requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners shall be so made how other and given by Notices to be affixed on the said West Door of the Parish Noti.ces shall Church of Belton aforesaid. be Siven>

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Disputeor Difference Commission. shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested ers to settle

jn Depute.

492 47° GEORGII III. Self.2. Cap. 26.

in the said Division and Inclosure of the said Moor, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, 'or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the Division and Inclosure of the said Moor, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Coctages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

Power to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners assess Coils, shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award loch Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on. Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be

levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chanels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels j shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Allowing

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per-Parues totry f,)n or persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended byTn issue* Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Deter-

at Law. mination of the said Commissioners, or of any Referee nominated by them in Manner aforesaid, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other Rghcs or Interests, in, over, or upon the Moor, Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by the said Commissioners, or any Referee nominated by them in Manner aforesaid, in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or in the Court of Common Pleas at Lattcajhr, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Referee, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour Inch Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners or Referee j and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file common Bail, or appear thereto, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled

493

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 26.

"by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Partits shall differ about the lame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought thall set aside such Verdict or Verdict', and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and each and trery of the Pai ties in such Action or Actions, for whom or in whole Favour the same shall be determim d, shall be entitled to his, her, or their Cotts ot Suit agsinft the other or others of them, to be taxed by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be brought; and aft-r such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Comnnffioners thall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners or Referee, touching such Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the Moor, Common, or Piece of Walle Ground, hereby diiefted to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Partier.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act thall die pending the fame, such Action thall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences of folidting, obtaining, and passing this Act; of Purveying, measuring, planning, dividing, and allotting the Moor, Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, hereby directed to be divided and allotted; of forming, making, and putting in good and sufficient Repair, the Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed under or by virtue of this or the said recited Act; of the preparing and enrolling of the Award of the said Commissioners, and all other Writings and Irflrumer.ts to be executed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this or tire said recited Act; and all odier necessary Expences in, about, and corcerning the Execution of this or the said recited Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons (except the herein-after named William Seddon and John Seddon, and their respective Heirs and Affigm, and also except the Trustees of the Allotment herein-after directed to be made for the Benefit of a School-master) to whom any Allotments shall be made in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, by an Assessment or AssetTments, Rate or Rates to be made upon the telpeftive Owners (except the said William Seddon and John Seddon, their respective Heirs and Assigns, and except the said Trustees) of the Allotments of the said Moor, Common, or Piece of Wallc Ground, to be ftt out as aforesaid, by an equal Pound Rate, according and in proportion to the mal Value of their rcljx'ftive Allotments, to be settled, adjusted, and ascertained by the said C. mmissioners, and to be paid to such Person or Persons, for such In.cuts and Purposes, and at such Time or limes as the said Commifli'>ners shall fer that Purposenominate direct

[Lee. fcf Per.] 6 / or

If any Parties die. Pr. ceecU ings not to abate.

For defraying the Expences,

.494 47° GEORGII III. SeUf. 2. Cap. 26. or appoint; and in ca'e any Person or Persons liable to pay such Sum ot Sums of Monty, Cuds, Charges, and F.xpences, or any Part or Parts thereof, (had neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or to contribute his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions thereof to such Person or Persons, and at the Time or 1 jmes to be appointed by the said Commissioners, then the same shall be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

Allotment for

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and

Stone and GraveL they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out, allot, and award such Part or Parts of the said Moor, Common, 01 Piece of Wallr Ground (not exceeding Twenty P, rches in the Whole), as they shall think proper, for the Purpose of getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials for making and repairing the public Roads or Ways, in, over, or through the said Moor, Common, or Piece tf Wade Ground, with full Libcity and Pr vilege for the said William Seddon, his Heiisand Adigns, to gqt Gravel ihrieout for the Reparation and Amendment of his Part ot a private Road within his ancient indofed Lands in Lojlock aforesaid, Ira-Jr ing from the said Moor towards MrJs Hal/; and the lame Part or Parts, when set out, shall for ever thereafter be i fed in such Manner, and und r such Rules aid Regulations, as the said Commissioners shall by Pair Award direct or appoint.

Allotment to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commifii >ners shall, and

a'School-jmaster. they are hereby required lo let out, alfgn, and a 1 t unto the Reverend Tlomas Bancroft C r'k, V car of the Pa ilh ot Bolton.in-1hi- Moors aforesaid, ih' Rcvcie d Rberl Latham, Vicar of t e Pmlb ot Deem in t!ve said C-.umy ot Lamaster, and the Keveie u Thomas Heyes, Cura-e- < f Wjlh ugblon Chapel i i the said Pariii of Dean, and their S.caflors, Vicars and Curates lor the Time b ing of the Pa tidies and Chapel aforesaid, a Plot, Piece, or Parcel of the said Moor, Coinmo , > r W aite G ourd, containing Two Acr sot Chejhne Meal ure, upon Tiuft that they the fai i Thomas Bancroft, Robert Lalcam, and Thomas Heyes, and tlnir Successors, Vicars and Cutates of the P.rishes and Clipcl atoirsaid, shall and do pay, apply, and dispofr of the clear yearly and other Rents, Hues, and Profits of the said Plot of Land, lo t be alligned and allotted, unto and for the Ule and Benefit of a Schooluiafler, to be employed in the Instruction of the Ciiildten of Lojlock and its immediate Neighbourhood in the English Language, nd in reading t; e Bible, and in learning the Precepts of the Chnilian Religion, under such Rules and Regulations as the C mimflioners in their laid Award shall think proper to prescribe fir tile Government thereof, and subject to such further Rules and Regulations as the find Trustees for the Time being (had think proper to adopt for the ordering, Superinter.dance, and Management thereof; and which laid Trustees for the Time being shall have lull Power to debt, choose, place, and displace the Schoolmaster for the Time being, at their Will and Piealure.

Allotments to

XIV. And be it further er.aifled. That the said Commissioners shall and William and they aie hereby required to allot, assign, and let out unto the said William Jo n Seddon. §e£ijg/i antj yc/:n Seddon respectively, and to their respective Heirs and Assigns, iri lieu, bar, and full Satisfaction of all Right of Soil, and Right of Common, and all other Right and Inietefl wha'.soever, of them and i every

495

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 26.

every of them, in, upon, or out of the said Moor, Common, or Waftfc Ground, to be held by them and their respective Heirs and Assigns, for ever in Severalty, the several Plots of Land, Parcels of the said Moor, Common, or Wade Ground herein after particularly mentioned, that is to say, unto the said William Seddon, his Heirs and Assigns, all that Plot of Land, or Parcel of the said Moor, Common, or Wade Ground, beginning at or adjoining to a Cottage belonging to the said William Seddon, in the Occupation of John Grundy, and extending Northwards with a Bradtli of Thirteen Yards, as far as a Poo! or Pir, called Lhe IVoJh Pit, subjrct nevertheless to a Road or Way, to be set out by the said Comnvflioners, through the said Plot of La id, for the Benefit of the Occupiers of the Allotments and Grounds adjoining, or near thereto, to paf, and repass through the fame on foot, or on horseback, and with their Horlcs, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages at all Time', and also subj ft to a certain other Road or Way, to be set oot by the said Commissioners through the said Pio: of Land for all Pertbns whomsoever, to pass through the fame on f ot; at all Times; also all that other Plot of Land, Parcel of the said Moor, Common, or Waite Ground, lying West of a Line or Fence intended to be drawn from a jutting Point of a Garden in the Occupation of the said William Seddon, to a private Road to be marked out by the said Commissioners, the Line to be diitant from the South Elderly Corner of his the said Wiliam Seddon’s Gard n Thorn Five Yards; and unto the said John Seddon, his Heirs and Assigns, all that Plot of Land, Parcel of the said Moor, Common, or Waste Ground lying oppofirc to a House or Garden belonging to the said John Seddon, now or lately in the Occupation of James Partington, which last-ment:oned Plot of Land is intended to contain a Quantity equal ro the Length of the said Garden!, ti e Buildings, and Gate, and Two Yards Welt of the Gate inro his Meadow, and a Breadth of Twelve Yards from the Outside of the P ech, the same to be fee out by the Lid Commifil ners in such Form and Manner as they shall think will belt ime the Convenience of the said John Seddon, and the other Persons who are to have the Benefit of the Occupation Road; which is to lead dole to the said last-mentioned Plot of Land.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the Highways and Roads by the said recited Act directed ro be set out and appointed, and the several Allotments hertii,-before directed to be made, shall be let out as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to afiion, allot, and appoint the Residue and Remainder of the said Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground unto and amongd the said Henry Blundell, Rabh Wright, Edward Perceval, and the several other Persons, Bodies Politic or Coipor.ue (other than and except the said IVdlum Seddon and John Seddon), who at the Time shall be entitled to any Right of Common, or other Intrred, in or upon the said Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground, according to their several and respective Estates and Intereds therein, and in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and deemed a Compensation and Satill faction for the several and respective Rights and Intereds of each and of every of the said Proprietors.

XVf. And be it further enacted, That every Person holding any Lease or Leases at Rack Rent of all or any Part or Parts of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Towiiship of Lets:k, to which any Right of Common or other Right or Interest, iaor upon thi

said

Other Allotments.

Tenants under Leases at Hack Rent i to be entitled to Comperi- , fatten from Landlord*

496 4/° Gi. ORGII 4U- BffLji. Cap'. 26.

fJid Moor, Common, or Piece of Watte Ground,-doth-belong (except so'eh Person or Persons ?.s hold under any L<ate or Leaks in which there is any Stipulation or Agreement with respect to the Allotments to be made upon in Inclosure of the said Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground), shall be entitled to'focfi Deduction Pom his, her, or their rdpediv.e Rent or Rents in respect of filth Right of Common, or other Right or Interest as otcresaid, from the Time all such Rights fha.il cease, by virtue of this or the said recittfd Act, as the said Commissionm shall birebt or appoints; and the Landh rd or Landlords, or Owner or Owners of the Hertdita-ments in such Leaks or Agreements respectively, shall be entitled to the immediate PofMion of the Allotments to be made in respect thereof.

Per tons having beneficial Leases to have the Allotments.

Commissioners may decide between Landlord and T criSnt.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Lessees and Tenants who have or hold any Leasehold Estate or Estates wit hin the said Township of Lojlock, having such Right of Common, or other Right or Interest, in or upon the laic: Moor, Common; or Piece ot Waite Ground (except such as t>c->d under any Lease or Leases at Rack Kent as aoeCid, or in whose Leases there is'.any Stipulation or Agreement wi h respect to the Allotments to be made upon an Indolure of the said Moor, Common, or Piece cf Waite Ground, to the contrary), (half, during the Continuance of their respectivl- Lrafes, have, hold, and enjoy the several Parts and Shares of the said Moor, Common, or Piece or Waste Ground, that shall be allotted and set out for or in nfpect of the levtral Ellates so held in Lease by them respectively, upon Condi'i.n only that such Lessee or Lefties, Tenant or Tenants, do and shall well and futfkiemly ir.close, dbctl.rand ferce out the Shaics of the said Moor, Common, or P-ene ot W.ute Ground, allutted to their respective Estates, irv foth Manner, and wiiivirt such Tune or Times, as the said Commissioners by any Writing ur;oer their Hands, or by their said Award, shall Older 'Or direct; and also do and, shall pay his, her, or their P.irt and Share, or Parts and Shares proportion to their Leaf hold Imerefts therein i efpectively), of all such Cells, Charge', and Expences, as are herein-before mentioned, ro be settled, adjusted, r.nd ascertained by the Lid Commissioners; and the Person or Persons, entitled to the faic Estates in Remainder or Reversion, shall and are hereby directed to pay the Resdius of such Cotts, Charges, and Expenoet; and if ahv of the said Lt(Tees or Tenants of such Leasehold Estate or Estates shall refule or neglect w-11 and sufficiently to indole, ditch, and: fejue out th-s several Parts and Shares of the said Mopr, Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, to be allotted for their levtral and respectire Estates, in the Manner and with in such Time or TimesAs afonfjud; and to pay their lev, ral and respective P^ris and Shares of the several Colls, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, then and in such Case the Whole of such respective Allotments shall go, reverr, and remain unto, and be held and ei joyed by the rrlpective Propiieturs ur Owners of the Remainder or Reversion of such Leasehold Estates, to which the same shall be lo lelpccv lively allotted as aforesaid, freed and discharged lrom such Leasehold InttTtft, according 10 ther several and respective Estates therein relpec-. tively; and in that Cale the Person or Persons, in Remainder or Reveilion, are hereby authorized, directed, and required to ir.clole, ditch, and fence in the fame in the Manner, and v ithin such Time or Timev as aforesaid and tu pay the pr poriioriabie Part or Parts of such Custs, Charges, and Expences.

XVfir. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to adjust, le tie, and determine all Contracts, Covenants, _.il Agreements,

497

47° GEORGII III.- Sess. 2. Cap. 26.

Agreements, Claims, Disputes, and Demands whatsoever, touching the J'aid Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground, or any Part thereof, or any Right or Benefit, of, in, or to the fame, between any Landlord and Tenant, or Landlords and Tenancs,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath fold, contracted or agreed to ftll, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners fell, contrail or agree to fell, hi, or her Right, Interest, cr Property, in, ever, or upon the said Moo’, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground, or any Part thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, Contrail, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for and in respeil of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, contracted or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contrail, cr Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale, Contrail, or Agreement, had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property, had been vested in such Vendee at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment herein-before directed to be set out for the Benefit of a Schoolmaster shall be inclosed and fenced on the outward Boundaries thereof with Ditches, Quickset Hedges, and Gates where neceflury, and well and sufficiently marled in a proper and husbandlike Manner, by or at the Expence of the several Persons (other than and except the Trustees of the said Allotment, and the said William Seddon and John Ssddon, and their respective Heirs and Assigns) to whom Allotments are herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner, in such Shares and Proportions, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing under their Hands, or by their said Award order or dirtil, but the same shall be thereafter maintained and preserved out of the Rents and Profits thereof; and that all other Allotments so to be made as aforesaid shall be incioled and fenced on the outward Boundaries thereof respectively by such of the Proprietors thereof, in such Manner, at or before such Time or Times, and for ever afterwards be repaired, preserved, and maintained as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing as aforesaid, or by their laid Award, also order and direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep, or Lambs, or Pigs, be depastured or kept in any of the said new Inclosures for the Space of Seven Year? from the Time when the said Award shall have been enrolled as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons keeping the fame do, at his, her, or their own Pxpence, guard and fence his, her, or their Neighbours Quicksets adjoining the Inclosures wherein such Sheep, or Lambs, or Pigs, shall be depastured or kept, so as to prevent any Damage beino-done thereto.

In case any Person shall fell his Common Right the All t-ment to be made to the Purchaser.

By whom Allotments to be fenced.

No Sheep or Pigs to be kept for Seven Years.

49§

Proceedings to be inserted in Books.

Commissioners Allowance.

Proprietors to pay their own Expences at all Meetings.

Commissioner? Accounts to be examined Yearly.

persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 26.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners at their respective Meetings shall be entered in a Book or Books to he provided for that Purpose, and that such Orders as shall be made by the said Commissioners shall be signed by them, which said Orders and Proceedings so entered in lucn Book or Books, and signed by the said Commissioners, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Suits, Actions, Jurisdictions, or other Proceedings in any Court whatever, concerning any Matter or Thing done or happening in relation to-, or in pursuance of this or the said recited Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall be raffed or paid for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this and the said recited Act, there shall be paid to each of the said Commissioners, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for each Day he shall be employed in travelling, or engaged in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, and that each of the Lid Commissioners shall defray his travelling Expences, and also his own Expences, at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this or the said recited Act; and that every Proprietor or other Person interested in the said Moor, Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, and also their Attornie* and Agents, shall at such Meetings pay and discharge his, her, and their own Expences.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lemcajltr, to be by him of them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices (fated in the Book or Books of Accounts to be kepr in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall think himself, herfeff, orthftrsselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are by this or the said recited Act directed to be final and conclusive, and also except where Provision is made for Trial thereof by Law), he, (lie, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in the Hundred of Salford, in and for the said County Palatine of Lancafitr, or to some Adjournment thereof, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Twenty Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices assembled at the said General Quarter Sessions (not interested in the Premises) are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Older, and award such Colls and

Damages,

499

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. G#p.2.6.

Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall feern reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant, to levy the Coils and Damages, which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting; the reasonable Charges of such Warranr, Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in cpfe such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Coils to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall fcem reasonable, to be levied in Manner aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that if the Party or Parties against whom such Damages and Coils, or such Colts only, are awarded, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the fame can be made and levied, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons to whose Use such Damages and Coils, or Coils only, are awarded, to make Information upon Oath, before any Two Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Lancaster, that such Damages and Coils, or Coils only, remain unpaid to him, her, or them, and that no sufficient Distress can be had or made for the fame, and thereupon such Justices shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, commit the Party or Parties liable to pay such Damages and Cods, or Cods only, to the House of Correction in and for the Hundred of Salford aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as the said Justices shall in their Discretion think meet, unless the said Damages and Cods, or Cods only, shall be sooner paid and satished.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any claims in re-Person or Persons shall claim before the said Commissioners any Allotment of the of the said Moor, Common, or Wade Ground, in respect to his or their

being Lord or Lords of the Manor or reputed Manor of Lojiock aforesaid, tocbe j"°err. and shall establish such Claim in the Manner herein and by the said recited mined by the Act directed, then the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby re- Commission-quired to set out and allot unto such Person or Persons such Part or Parts ers’ of the said Moor, Common, or Wade Ground, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in value to One f ifteenth Parc of the said Moor, Common, or Wade Ground.

XXVII. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successcirs, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Saving. Politick and Corporat', his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors,

and Administrators (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land, or Compensation shall be made, by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Intereds and Property for which such Allotments or Compensations shall be made, and other than and except the Rights and Intereds which are intended to be barfed and dellroyed by this Act), all such Estates, Rights, and Intereds, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, to, or in respect of the said Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground, before the Commencement of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case the

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 26.

fame had no: been made; buc no Person or Persons, Bodies Politiik or Corporate, his, hpr, Or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, or Administrators, shall have Power to disturb any of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, or to vacate or make void any of the Orders or Determinations of the said Commissioners, and which are declared and expressed to be final and conclusive.

tinted iT-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the"King’s the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof lb

Printer.*3 printed shall be admited as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

I GEORGII TIL REGIS.

SeHT. 2.

Cap. 27.

An Act for inclosingLands in the Parishes of Warlworth and Lesbury, in the County of Northumberland.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS there is within the Parishes of Warkworth and Lef* bury, or one of them, in the County of Northumberland, a Common Moor or Tract of Wufte Ground, commonly called Threap Moor o'herwife Threap Ground, containing by Estimation, One hundred and Twenty Acres Three Roods and Twenty-eight Perches, or {hereabout: And whereas the most noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the Barony or Manor and Borough of Warkworth, and of the Barony of Alnwick, and as fu h is Owner of the Soil and Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties of, within and under the said Common Moor or Tratt of Wade Ground: And whereas the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Thomas Buston, of Buston in the County of Northumberland Esquire, and several other Persons are Lifed and possessed of divers MeffuSges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Baronies, or Manors and Parishes, or some of them j and in respect thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, are entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Common Moor or Waste Ground: And whereas confidmble Parts of the said Common Moor or Waite Ground are incapable of Cultivation and Improvement, and the fevrral Peri ins entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, are willing and drlirous that the said Common Moor or Waste, with the Consent of the said Lord of the said Bammes or Manors, should be divided and allotted by th>- Commiflii r.er or Commissioners in that Behalf, to be appointed [Lee. & Ber.J 6 L amongst

1

502

Commissioner.

General Act extended to thii.

For choosing new Commit"-lionets.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 27.

amongst the Did Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the several othet Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, or otherwise interested therein respectively, which will be advantageous to all the Parties interested therein rei'pectively, and tend to the Improvement of their reipettive Estates; hut the fame cannot be cffc&ed without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may beenaCVd , and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the (amr, That William Bates, of Clr.rtnocd in the County of Northumberland Gentleman, ftiaii be and is hereby appointed folc Commissioner for setting out, dividing, and allotting the Lid Common Moor or Waste, and for putting this Act in Execution, in such Manner and subject to such Rrgu-larions as are herein-after contained, and with such of the Powers, and subject to luth of the Rules, Ordeis, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Refliidions, arid Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the Fo’ y-firti Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for co.fit dating in one Act certain Provisions usually tnferted in Acts of Inch Jute, end for jaciliiat'ng the Mode of proving the several tails usually required on the ftjjing of such Acts, as are not controlled by or rtpugnant to any of the Claulea, Privisions, or Regulations contained in this Act.

II. Provided rlways, and be it further enacted, That if the said William Bates shall die, or shall ntgltfl to act for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occasion shall require his Attendance on the Bufintfs hereby committed to his Charge, or shall refuse to ad, or be rendered incapable ©fading by Shkr.tfi or any other Cause whatsoever, before ihe Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him shall be carried into Execution, Two new Cc mmissioners shall and may be appointed and nominated m his place in Manner following 5 (that is to say) the said Hugh Duke of Nortcum-herland, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being, of the said Baronies or Manors, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Lotd or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being, of the said B.,rentes or Manors, being an Infant or Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or his or their Steward or Stewards, Receiver or Receivers, or Agent or Agents, for the Time being, shall and may, by any instrument in Writing, under his, her, or their, or any of their Hands or Hand, nominate and appoint a proper Person, not being beneficially irterrfted in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested, to be one of such Commissioners, and the major Part in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Waste hereby intended to be divided, or their respective Agents present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meet ing Notice shall be given by any Two or more of such Proprietors and Owners, or their respective Agent?, by affixing the fame on the principal Doors of the Patifn Churches of Work-worth and Lesbury aforesaid, and also causing the same to be inferred in the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Courant Newspaper, ur if that Newspaper shall not then be published, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Northum. berland, Twemy-one Days at least before such Meeting, shall and may, by any instrument in Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person, not being beneficially interested in the said Division and

Inclosure,

47° GEORGII III. &£-at: Cap. 27. 5<

Inrlofure, or an Agent to, or Father, San, or Brother of any Person so intoefled, to he the other of such Commissioners in the Room of the said William Bates j and in case of the Death of any Petion so to be here* after nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, or of his Neglect, or Refusal to act, 01 becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, the Person < r Persons by whom such Commissioner was nominated and appointed (their respectwe Heir*, Successors, Agents, or Assigns} shall in like Manner nominate and appoint another Commissioner in his room, and so ieties quelies, lb often as any Vacancy shall happen by such Death,

Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of every such new Commissioner or Commis-ffior.ers lo to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and every Person who shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall have such and the like Powers and, Authorities for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been non.mated and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act, which said several Instruments of Nomination and Appointment shall be ini oiled in the fame Plac*, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as in and by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

III. And, for the Purpose of settling and determining any Difference or umpire to Dispute that may arise between the Lommissioners touching or concern- appointed, ing any of the Matters and Things to be by them done and performed in pursuance of the said tecited Act or of this Act; be it further enacted.

That the said Commissioners so to be appointed shall and they are hereby required, immediately after the taking and fublcr.bing the Oath or Affir-r mation by the said recited Act directed ;o be by them taken and subseri rd, by Writing under their Hands, tochoofe, nominate, and appoint some other proper and skilful Person (not interested in the said Lands and Ground', and not being an Agent to, cr Faiher, bon, or Brother of any Person lb m-terested) who shall tc willing and consent to act as Umpire, and such Umpire is hereby authorized and required to hear and drt rmine any such Difference or Dispute as may arise between the said C n miffiorters, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the said Divi on and Inclosure f and the Judgement and Determination of the said Umpire therein, shall be1 deemed and confulered to be the Judgement and Determination of the said’ Con.m:flionets, andshallbe final and cone iofiee upon the said Commissioners and open all ocher Person* concerned in the said Div.fion and Inclosure, so far as the Acts of the said Comm Goners are by the said recited Act and this Act m:de final and conclusive: Provided always, that in case the Person lb nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners as Umpire shall die, or rduie to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the Jain recked Act or of this Act, then and fn any such Case it shall be liwtu! lor the said Comm.Goners so to be appointed, to nominate and appoint one other Per.lc-n as Umpire in the Room or Stead of the Personr so dying, refilling to act, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, and so from Time to Time as often as any Pet-Ion so nominated or appointed an Umpire Gall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said Act and of^ this Act; and in case any such Umpire Gal! neglect to settle and deter* mine any such Difference or Dispute, within Thirty Days after the same Gall have been refeied to him by the said CommiGonerspfuchNegleft Gall be, and be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act. -

5°4

Uirp re to be iworu.

Oath.

Surreyor to mill'-.

Survryor to take an Oath.

Surveyor'*

Oath,

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 27.

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act as Unpire, unul he shall have taken and fu-Tcribed the Oath following; ( hat is to layj,

‘ r A.B. do swear r, being one oh the People called Quakers do ‘ lokmnly affirm] that I will faunfully, impartially, and h >n - . ac.

‘ cording to the befl of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the Tiuft, lJower, anJ Authority r-p fed in me as Umpire, by virtue of ‘ an Act rrade in the Forty-f-venth Year of th Reign or King George the Til..*, intitule I, An Act [here ivfot the Title of tbit Atl~\ accuicin* to . Equity arid go d Con'ciciiCc, and without Favour or Affection to any < Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD.'

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall and may be lawful to and for either of the said Comm di mers to administer, who is heteby required to admi* nilter the fame; and such Oath or Affirmation, when so taken and fub-fer o,d by loch Umpire, (hah be annexed to andinrolled with the Award of the fain Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That true and exact Surveys and Ad-mealuiements shall be taken and (air Plans made of the several Mefftiages, Lai ds, Ter.iment', and Hi red tamems, in respect of which Right of Comnu n is < homed upon the said Common Moor or Wade so intended to be d vidtd, and all.i of he laid Common Moor or Wade, if the Commis. fixner or Comn. dinners for the Time being shall not be satisfied with the Map or Survey made at the Time of pi ding this Act, some Time before the Fird Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hun-drtd and eight, or as soon after as conveniently may be, by John Bell of NrwcaJlle-i'pon-Tyne, Land Surveyor; or in case of the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity, by Sickrtcfs or any other Cauie whatsover, of the iaid John Bell, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occasion shall require his Attendance on the Business of taking and making (och Surveys or Arimeasuremenrs and Plans, then the same shall be made and taken by such other fit and proper Person, being an experienced Surveyor of Lands (r ot beneficially imeieded in the said Division, nor an Agent to any Person !o inbrtfted) a-, the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being shall, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time nominate and appoint.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons

{ball t e capable of afiing as Surveyor as aforesaid* until he shall have taken anti subkribed oelore the said Commissioners, or one of them, an Oath in the Form following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honedly, aft ac. ‘ 1 cordiegto the bed of mySkillanclJudgement.inl'urveyingandadmeafur-

ing the Common Moor or Waite intended to be divided and inclosed, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-lCvbnth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, {here Jet forth the Title of this sttf\ and in making true Maps or Plans thereof, to belaid before the Comnnfliontrs for putting the said Act in Execution.

'So help me GOD.*

9

Which

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 27. 505

Which Oath the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, J^"n'°ltb1eed of One of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to admimfler, ‘ when and as ofren as Occasion shall require, which Oath, and also the Instrument or Instruments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, shall be respectively inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveys or AdmCafurements, charge to be including all necessary Re-surveys, and all Plans, except the fair Plan upon paidSur-Velhim, herein-after particularly mentioned, and also for setting out the veyjr’ Allotments, attending the Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, and executing such other Business as shall necessarily have been done by the said Surveyor, relative to the said Division, shall be paid for at and alter the Race of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day in which he shall have been so employed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor shall, after the Surveyor to said Division and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds intended to be make oair hereby divided and inclosed shall be completed, make a fair Plan upon vehum?<rffiiie Vellum of all the said Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided com non, anti and allotted, whereon respectively shall be truly and dilhinftly delineated, Charge^ fct down, marked, and expressed, the several Matters and 1 hings necessary or proper to be inserted therein, for the better explaining the Award

of the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being; and foe* which fair Plan upon Vellum such Sum as the said Commissioner or Comm.iffisners for the Time being shall think reasonable, not exceeding the Sum. of Twenty-one Pounds, shall be paid, and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionefdr Commit' commission. fioneii for the; Time being, shall and he or they are hereby required ct> Noik.f'T hi, cau’le a Notice in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to be Fiiitj se-on-i, affixed upon the principal Doors of the Parish Churches of Warkxcrtb Third and Lejbtiry aforesaid, and also to be inserted in Thi Nfwceijil upon-Tjne which'are to Ccurant Newspaptr, of the Time and Place of their F.rft, Second, and beholden at Third Meetings respectively, which shall be holden at Alnwick aforesaid, Alnw"-Ic' lor putting this Act into Execution, at leaf! Fourteen Days next before

such respective Meeting; and that the said Commissioner or Commission- power toa(] et sfsr the Time being, shall and may, after his or their said Third Meet- joum such ing, from Time to Time appoint such Time and Place for every subsequent MeetinS*’ Meeting, as he or they shall think proper, causing a Notice in Writing,

Under his or their Hand or Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the Par-ifh Churches of Warkwcrth and Lejlury aforesaid, Eight Days at lead bcfoie every such subsequent Meeting; hut the Lid Comtmffiorer Or Commissioners for the Time b‘ing, at the Fhft, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other subsequent Meeting or Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority front June to Time, as he or they shall think it convenient, to continue such Firiji,. Second, or Third Meeting, or my other fubhqucm Meeting ot Meetings, by Adjournment from Day to Dav/or in cale of Sunday intervening, then to th^ A'/cB&y'fellbwing, ftjr the aue Execution of this Act, without giving any Notice whatsoever of fueft Mooting or Meetings by Adjournment , apd all the Meetings of the said \Loc. & Per.j SM Commissioners

5°6

Coirmifilon-er* to tl i rr-mine DiTerences.

Power to try disputed Chums at Law.

4 7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 27.

Commissioners shall be held at some Place within the said Parishes, or within Eight Miles of the respective Boundaries of the said Parishes.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or D fference flail ha; pen to arise between the Parties that now are or shall, before the making the Awatd herein-after mentioned, be interested in the hid intended Division and Inclosure, or any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them shall claim in the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which i hey or any of them ought to have of or in the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner or Commifliaiers for the Time being, and he and they is and are he tby author zed and required to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Tythes, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever,

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or Persons making any Cla m or Claims to any Lands or He editaments intended to be divided or affected by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or Umpire for the Time being, and shall be desirous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests respectively, tried at Law, and the Person or Persons so desirous to have the fame tried at Law shall and do, by themselves or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioner or Commissioners far the Tune being, within Two Calendar Months next after such I) termination shall have been so made by the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, of which Notice the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, is and are hereby required im-meniately on Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be done, t,o give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing under his or their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the ufuaf Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, as aforesaid, then but not afterwards it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law of the fame, at the Assizes to be holden fqr. the County of Northumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that f to be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster, by the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid," against the Loid of the Lid Barony or Manor and Bo cugh of Warkzvorlh, and of the Barony of Alnwick, or any Person or Perfms interfiled in the said Division, who shall make such Objection or Ohjcftions, within Twb Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being as aforesaid; a; d the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined

507

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 27.

tertr.ined (such Issue or Ifllies to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, if the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions, shall be final and conclusive to all Persons whom-ioevtr; and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained, and not let aside by the Court, the said Commissioner or Commissionets for the Time being shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded; but if no such Action or Actions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons giving such Notice within the Time aforesaid, or if such Action or Actions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the First Assizes which shall be holden for the said County of Northumberland, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving such Notice, by or on account of the Neglect or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in such Case, the Determination of the Commissioner or Commissioners, or Umpire for the Time being, shall be final, binding, and conclusive unto and upon all Parties whomsoever.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Actions not Patties in any Action or Actions to be brought and prosecuted in purfu- Jh/DeattTof ance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action or Actions shall Partiei. not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event

had happened.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Commission-missioner or Commissioners for the Time being shall, and he and they is

and are hereby empowered, at his or their Discretion, upon Request ° s" made to him or them by all or any of the Parties in whose Favour they shall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge such Costs and Charges as he or they shall think reasonable, for the Use and Benefit of such Party or Parries, upon or against the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Ohjedtion or Objections, Complaint or Complaints, shall be thereby disallowed, as the Case shall happen, and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, to levy such Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such last-mtntioned Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case there shall be no Goods and Chattels whereby to levy the same, or in case a Body Corporate is to pay such Costs, then and in either of such Cales, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Costs shall be awarded, to recover the fame by Action or Actions of Debt, or on the Cafe, in which it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum specified in the Order of Adjudication made by the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, and in consequence of such Order of Adjudication, without feuing forth any other Proceedings therein had.

XIV. And, for the preventing allDisputes and Differences which may Commission. ariie touching the Repairs of the public Highways and Roads which so*11 d«e*»

ffiail ""ctowha.

go8 47° GEORGII III. Se0i 2. Cap. 27.

Tow shipj fee opt and appointed in pursuance of this Act, or of the f.iid Act

belong.61111 r^e Forty-first Year aforesaid , be it further enacted, That the said Cosn-missioner or Commissioners for the Time being (half, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to determine and adjudge what Part or Paris of the said Highways and Roads, so to be set out and appointed, shall or do belong to any Townships or Quarteis respectively; and the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being shall, in and by his or their General Award, order and direct by what Townships or Quarters respectively such Highways and Roads shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair; and the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being in each of such Townships or Quarters respectively, shall, (rum and after the Execution of the General Award of the said Cornm.ffioner or Commissioners for the Time being, maintain, amend, anti keep such respective public Highways and Roads in Repair, as shall be so determined and adjudged to belong to such Townships or Quarters respectively, in the same Manner as ancient and common public Highways and Roads are by Law to be amended and kept in Rtp.fr.

hi.ii: . j , V 0 ! ... --.Vj;

Allotment of XV, And be it further enactfd, That the said Commiflmer or Com-one-fi»iffiith missioners for the Time being shall, and he or they is and aie hereby ro-quired in the next.Ptao- to set out, a licit, and appoint uritu iJ)e fnd thigh Hugh Duke D ,ke of Northumberland (as Lo;d of the Barony, or Manor and Borough Vo hunbt' War.teworth-, and of the Barony cf Alnwick as aforesaid,) dt to lufti Ptr-fun or Persons as shall then be entitle 1 to the said Baronies or Manors, hir, ri tn ’.or her, or their Heirs and Assigns One full Six eenth Part in Value, Quality, '"f 1,01 ‘ Quality, and Situation considered, of, tire Lpd Common Moor or W^fte

so to be divided and allotted (after deducting the public Carriage Roads, Drains, Watercourses, and Quarries) in lieu of, and as a full Compenfa--- tioO and Satisfaction for his, her, or thtu: Right and Inrcreft to the Soil

of the said. Common Moor or Waste so to be divided and allotted, and also

~ for his Content to the said Division and Inclosure thereof, over and above and exclusive of inch: Share and Allotment, Shares and Allotments, of the said Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, as shall be assigned and allotted to him, her, or them, in respsft of his several Messuages, Lands, Tenements* and-Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon the said: Common Moor or Traci: of Waste Ground.

Tiie i.oriis

XVI. And be it further enacted, That such Part of the said One-sixteenth Part or Share of the said Common Moor or Waste, when and so lia ony or foorvas.the fame shall be assigned, set out, allotted, and appointed as afare-fnTc’hT^wn- fold,-shall, be and be deemed fart and Parcel of the said Barony, or Manor ihius "rQuar . anti Borough of Warkwm th, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners c 'm oiff.on *Qr tke Time being shall appoint and that the Remainder thereof shall be eii"rtu 'ap" and be deemed Bart and.Parcel of the Barony of Alnwick; and that from point and inJmteliatel)f- after, the Execution and Inrolment of the General Award

of the said Qommifflonsr or Commissioners for the Time being, of the said One-sixteenth Part or Share, shall be and the fame is hereby declared and enacted to be and lie within, and shall be deemed and taken as.Part and . Parcel of such Townifeips, Quarters, or Places, as the said Coramrffioner or Commissioners for the Time bring, shall appoint and award the same to lie in as aforesaid, to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

14

47° GEORGII III. Self, a.' Cap. 27.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being shall, and he and they is and are hereby required in the next Place to set out, divide, assign, allot, and appoint the Residue of the said Common Moor or Wade, after the said several Allotments herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid, shall have been made and set out accordingly, unto and amongst the said Hu^b Duke of Northumberland, 'Thomas Bu/lon, and the several Persons respectively for their Estates, having Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Waite, respectively, in Proportion and according to the respective Values of their fevrral Messuages, I.ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they aie lo entitled thereto respectively as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further rnafted. That in case the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments by this Act. authorized to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, shall hold their respective Lands or Hereditaments for different Estates or under different Titles, the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, shall ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held for each of such Titles respectively, and shall also set out and distinguish the different Allotments or other Hereditaments, to be accepted and taken as an Equivalent in respect of each of them -, and the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to set forth and declare, in and by his or their said General Award, in the Right of what Estates in particular such Allotments shall have been respectively made, and therein also separately defciibe and ascertain the Situation of every such Allotment.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Allotments of the said Common Moor or Waste to be assigned, set out, allotted, and appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in respect ofany Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, having Right of Common thereon as aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the Township, Quarter or Place, Townships, Quarters or Places respectively, and within the same Barony or Manor wherein the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do lie or are situate, in respect of which such Allotment* shall be respectively made.

XX. Provided always, and be it Further enacted, That all Allotments to be set out and made by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Property granted or demised, or held by any Leases or Agreements for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at Rack Rent, shall be allotted to the respective Lessors or Owners of such Property, and shall beheld and enjoyed by them respectively, free from all Right, Title, and Interest of their respective Lessors or Tenants, by virtue of or under such Leases or Agreements; and such respective Lessors or Owners shall make such Abatements of the Rents reserved or made payable by such Leases or Agreements respectively, for and on account of their taking such Allotments. as the said Commissioner or Comnufiioners for the Time being shall adjudge and determine to bejuft and reatonable, and shall, in and by his or their General Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, alcer-rain, direct, and appoint.

[Lot. & Per.] 6N XXI. And

509

Allotment of the Residue of the Coca* mon.

Difiinft Allotments to he nude for Lands holdeii by different Titles or for different Eftattf.

Aflotnrents he in the fame To*nships as the ancient Lands.

Allotments for Property grantee I by Leases at Rack Rent to be set out to the Lessors.

5io

Allotments of that may happen to be sold, may on Request he allotted to the Purchasers by the General Award*

Exchanges.

47° GEORGII III. Seir.2; Cap. 27.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons entitled in Fee Simple to any Allotment or Allotment; of the said Common Moor or Wade, shall, by any Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the said Commissioner or CommnTioners for the Time being, at any of his or their Meetings previously to his or their preparing a Draft of his or their General Award, signify and declare that he, llie, or they hath or have fold and disposed of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments to ary Person or Persons to be named and deferibrd in such Writing, and shall deiire the same to be fit out, allotted, and appointed to the Pcrlonor Per for. s so purchasing the fame, the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, in every such Case flail, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to let out, allot, and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Pcfons who shall have so given Notice of their having fold ,.nd disposed thereof, 'o the Person or Pctfons mentioned in such Noiice to be the Purchascr or Purdvfirs o I such Allotment or Allotments, and the said Allotment or Allotments so fold and disposed of, shall in every such Case, from ard after ihe Execution of the Paid General Award of the said Commissioner or Cumnnfih ners for the Time being, become and the fame is and a'e hereby declared to be veiled in and settled upon the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall have been by fjuch Notice or Writing as aforesaid, so signified and declared to have been so (old as aforesaid, and his, her, or tfltir Hrirs.Executon, Admini* strators, and Assigns, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful h r the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time be ing, to let out, assign, or allot any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be di-viJed and alloted, or any Messuages, Buddings, incloseci Lands or Grounds or other Hereditaments in the Panfnescf Warkvjoriband Lejbwy aforesaid, or either of them, in heu of and in exchange lor ary other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments in the fame Pariflaes or either of them, lb that tvery such Exchanges he set forth and ascertained by the General Award of the Lid Commissioner or Commissioners f r the Time being, and also he made with the Consent < f ihe respectne Proprietors or Persons feiied or entultd in Pdf flion, of or to the Hereditaments l’o to be exchanged, lor any Liicor Lives, or for some Estate of Inheritance, orefthe Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Comnutiees, or Attornies, of any Inch Proprietors who shall at the Tune of making uch Exchanges be Femes Covert, In-lari'. Lunatics, Persons beymo the Seas, or under any other lrgal Disability or Ircapac.ty of acting lor the'mfrlve', such Consent to be respectively signified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the contenting Partus; and every Exihange lo made ..nd detlared, shall be for ever good, valid, and effcQual in Law, and the respective Land* or Hereditaments io to be txchangtd, shall go and remain to the same Person or Person-, and to, for, and upon the fame Ufis, Elhatrs, Trulls, Intents, and Putpolts, and be subject to the fame Powers, C mditions. Covenants and Agreement', as the Lands or II redilaments, in respect whereof the fame shall be exchanged, would have gone and remained, and have been subject or liable to, in case the Exchange thereof had not been made: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange Hull be made of any Linds, Tenements, ot Heredi.aments, held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecc!ef:.di cal Benefice, without the Confear, testified as aforesaid, of the P..tron cheieof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which

47° GEORGII Iir. Sess.2. Cap. 27.' 5 rr

fitch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall be

situatr.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it Owner» to shall happen that any of the Proprietors of ancient Freehold Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall exchange any of their an- their r.ncient ci-nt Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tencniencs, or Hereditaments, for any ich"

Allotment or Allotments of the said Common Moor or Waite, then and may be give* in such Cases the Proprietors of such ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, jrlrE^ci^'nge, Tettentents, or Hereditaments so exchanged as aforesaid, their respective 01 Common" Hrirs and Assigns, shall from Time to Time and at all Times for ever P'yng Da-thereafter, have, hold, and enjoy ail and all Manner of Mines, Minerals, spolfoiT ar d Quarries whatsoever, lying, being, and remaining within and under Ground, the said ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be givtn in exchange, and all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof respectively, in as lull, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they and every of them could or might, or ought to have held c.r enjoyed, or were entitled to have held or enj >yed such Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities aforesaid respectively, in calc this Act had not been made, or in calc such ancient Messuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments had not been given in exchange for such Allotment or Allotments, making reasonable Satisfaction for Damage and Spoil of Ground to be occasioned thereby.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enactid, That in all Cases of such Exchang< sof ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any Allotmei t or Allotments as aforesaid, ali and every the Mints, Minerals, and Quarries lying and being within and under the said Allotment or Allotments so to be given in Exchange, shall remain the Property of, and be held and enjoyed by the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the L< rd or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Ba. ronies and Manors fur the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, with all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Autho rmes for winning, working, leading, laying Kail or Waggon Ways, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof relptftively, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Exchange or Exchanges had not been made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Notices which by this Act, Noiic«siobe or the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the prclent Reign, are re- she^Newca’al* quired to be given or publ fhrd in fume publick Newspaper, of setting out Courant. publiik Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, and of any other Act,

Matter, or 1 hing, shall be inlcrted in tire- Nswcajiie-upon-Tyne Courant, or if that Newlpapyr shall not tjien be published, then tit some other News-naper or Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Northumberland.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the General Award to be made Award to be by the Lid Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being pursuant to with the Clerk of the Pta.e.

Copi s of Plans ro he <1 livrred on a rea(enable Sum hems; paid for the lame to the Clerk of the Peace.

Commissioners nwy execute Duplicates of the Awuui for Persons requiring and paying for the same.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 27.

to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present

Reign, and this Act, shall be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, and the said original General Award, and such Plans or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for t^e said County of Northumberland to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace there, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Division; which said Award and Plans, and every other Award and Instrumenc to be lodged with the said Award, shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times, upon reason-ab!e Notice of the Party requiring such I.ifpettion.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, fh -.11 be tequirtd to make and deliver a Copy or Copies of any of the Plans annexed to the said General Award, deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, a reasonable Paymtnr, not exceeding Two Guineas, shall be made to him over and above the Charge for Stamp Duties, and for the Copy or Copies of the said Award and Instruments, or any Parts thereof, for a Copy or Copies of such Plans, or any Part thereof respectively; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between the said Clerk of the Peace, and the Person or Persons requeflin^ a Copy or Copies of such Plans, or any Part thereof respectively, touching such Allowance, then and in such Case the fame shall be settled and ascertained by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, in General Quarter Srffion assembled, or by the major Part or them and the fame being so settled and altei tainetl, shall be final and conclusive to the said Patties.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, Tnar the said Commissioner of Commissioners for the Time bein,; shall, at the Request, Costs, and Coarges of any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Stewards or Agents, having any Allotment or Allotments of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, or otherwise interfiled therein, at any Time before the depositing the said Award, make and execute a Cop. or Copies of the said Award, Plan', and Surveys, or any of them, for the Use of the Person or Persons requesting the lame; and such Copy or Copies shall at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in ail Courts whatsoever.

AHo'ments to

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment and textile ia.ne Allotments of Lands and Grounds which shall be made, let out, or ap-T.- iuuts as the pointed in pursuance of this Act, shall be held by the fame Tenure, and ncici.i *>«.«. ^a|| fabje# to the fame yearly a id other Kents and Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services, as the several and rr-spective Messuages, Land', Tenements, and Hereditaments, inrespectof which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out or allotted, are and have heretofore been holden respectiv.-lv; and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Lidies of the said Barony, or Manor and Borough of Warkworth, and Barony of Alnwick, his, her, and their H efrs and Assigns respectively for the True being, shall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities for recovering and enforcing the fam-'iefpedlively, as they could or might have had in respect of such Mef-

fuages,

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 27. 5*3

fusges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before the passing of this Act; but the said several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said fever.il Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out and allotted, and the Allotments made in respect thereof, shall not, nor any of them, be subject to any new or ircreased yearly or other Rents, Payments, Reliefs. Fines, Dues,

Duties, Suits, or Services whatsoever, to the Lord of the said Barony, or Manor and Borough of IFarkworth, and Barony of Alnwick, his Heirs and Assigns.

XXX. Provided, always, and be it further enacted and declared, not (0

That nothing in this Act contained lira'll extend, or be ronflrued, deemed, zHVfl wiiu, or adjudged to revoke, alter, annul, or make void any Settlement, Deed, ‘

Will or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice airy Person or Persons whomso- to the iam« ever having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, ufc’’

Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, or upon or affecting any

of the Messuages, Lands, Tenement', Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof any Allotment of the said Common Moor or Walle shall be made by virtue of this Act; but that the several Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be assigned or allotted upon the said Division, to the several Proprietors respectively, shall immediately after the Execut on of the General Award of the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, be vested in, and remain, continue, and enure to, and be held and enjoyed by the several Persons, Bodies Politick and Co porate, to whom the same shall be assigned or allotted re-fptftivrly, and they shall from thenceforth (land and be seised and pofltf* fed ib'-reof respi ftively, to, for, ard upon such and the fame Ul'cs, Ei-farrs, Intrrefts, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and subject and liable to the fame Wills, Limitations, EWates, Conditions, Settlements, Provi-Jors, Remainders, Revtiflons, Lc-ases, Debts, Charges, and Incum-brances of every Kind, as the several Hereditaments in respect whereof the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be respectively aiTigned or allotted, would have Hood severally limited or fetried to or vpt.n, or have been severally subject and liable to, if such Allotments treieof had not been made or this Act hid not been passed, except as to such Leases and Agreements ac Rack Rent as shall be determined under this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Pro- i, c*fr« yrietors of any Lands or Hereditaments which snail be divided or allotted "here Luid* by vmueof this Act, shall hold their respective Lands and Hereditaments b^'different'* for different fcltatesor under different Titles, and where from the Want Titles &c. and of the nectflaiy Information before the Lid Commissioner or Commission- fionmlfcJu" ers for the Time being, or from any other Cause, his or their Award shall not havedif-have omitted the d.ftiriguishing and alceiuining of (he Lands or other filth Lands Heieditatr.ents holden for each of such El tales, and under each of such and aw."d!d Titles relpecWly, and the letting < ut and awarding of several and dillinct w^hm'ocnc-Allotments lor lush relp-ftivr Lands or ether Hereditaments as herein- ra'i Award)*' before is requited} and afttr the making of the Ian Award, Request shall thf>' nu/ on

I e made to the said C oaurissioner or Commissiorcis for the Time being, 110 by any PeTon or Tedo sintereffed, by Writ.ng under Ins or their Hands* to have tueli On iflion, supplied determined by a lepara'e Inffiument/then and m [Loc. y Per.] ' 6 0 every

514 4-7° GEORGII III. Seri* 2. Cap. 2ji

evc-iy such Case the said Commissioner or Co mtniflioners for the Time being, is and are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supply. ing such Omission, and l'o far as that Purpose shall require to examine Witnesse;, anti in every other Relied to proceed and ad a-, if the Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they HiAl think sufficienr Information, are hereby also authorized, by any Deed under their Hand, and Seals, to distingailh and ascertain the Difference of Tenure, Estates, and Titles icfptftive.y, an 1 accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments, in the same Manner as is hereby required where such Discrimioation should be contained in the said Award; and every such separace 1 n ll rumen t shall be i trolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof dull be given in the same Manner, as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty and this Act, or either of them relpec-tivciy, is directed concerning the said General Award of the f.i d CommissiotK-r or Commissioners for tx Time ueing; and ail Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such separate lustrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by tire Pei fun or Pc.suns who shall have io re-qutfted the said Commissioner or Cpmrnifltanert for the Time being, to make and execute the fame, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Admi-niitrators; and e-ery such fepam e Ir.itrument shall, from and inamed arely after tire due Execution thereof by the said Commissioner or Comm shan-ers for the Time bring, h ve the lame Efted, to all Intents and s, as if the Contents thereof had'been inferred and contained in their laid G> n al Aw rd, and the fame shall, after such Lirolment as aforesaid, be delivered to the l'e ion or P,ifons upon whole Kequcft any such G niffion shall have b en so supplied, or to the Person or Persons to wh nq the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Ti le of the P.rmifcs in question shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, mull properly belong.

Allotments to

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Allotments to

K- fenceiL. he made by vnue of this Act, shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, by and at the Expence of such respective Proprietor , :n such Manner and within such fun-, an i shall be horn chenceftirh kept in Repair in such Pr portions as the said Commissioner or Commissioners f r the Time being shall, in his or their General Aw *rd, order and cireft, except only such Allotments the inclosing and fencing whereof ..;e other-wie particularly directed and provided lor by this Act.

Expences of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Exper.ces

tlfe Diviil n of foliciiing, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of surveying, pla r.ing,

ibe>Pntic»l>5r an<^ m af jnng, dividing, and a lotting the said Common Moor or Wade, and of making Highways or Roods, and if a l other tire Charg-s and Expences incidrnt toorattending the Execution of this Act, asare not herein otherwise cii tfted to be paid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several and respective Persons to whom any Allotrn nr or Allotments oft he ftid Common Moor or Wafts shall be re'p ctively mule, hi-, her, or then* H irs, Succ ff.rs. Executors, Administrat irt, and Aligns in p oportion to the real Value oi their respective Allotments, 10 be lettitd a id alee tained by the salt: Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time oetng; and the fevt ral and reipe cl ve Shares and Pr oportions o( all such Fee1, Payments, Charges, and Expences as afo e.'aid, shall be payable and paid by such Gwneis and Proprietors respectively, to such Person or Perl n--; and at such

£ Tune

47° GEORGII III. Sefi. 2. Cap. 27. 51

Time or Times, as shall by the said Comnvffioner or C' mmissioner< for the Time being, either before or after toe Execution of his or their General Award as atoreteid, be ordered, directed, and appointed, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, Twenty Days before the 'lime appointed for such Payment.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after thepaffrg No Tc.-vesor of this Act.it shall not be lawful for any I'eifon or Persons, other th n and Sodetobecu;* except the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Barony or Manor

and Borough of War,kwcrtb, and Barony of Alnwick, for the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, and the Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being far carrying this Act into Execution, to cut, (jig, or carry away any Turves or Sods in, upon, or from off the said Common Moor or Waffe, or any Part thereof, until the same shall be allotted and Jet cut as aforesaid, upon Pain of f irfciting, lor every such Offence, to the Lid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, or to the Lor i or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said B irony or Manor and Borough of Warkworth, ana Barony of Alnwick, for the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, such Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings, as shall be assessed in the Nature of an Amerciament, at any Court Leet or Court Baron to be holden for the said Barony or Manor and Borough of Warkworth, or for the said Barony of Alnwick, the same to beaffeered by the Affcerers then and there sworn, and w ich Amerciament or Amerciaments when so affemd, shall be levied by D stress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, determined by virtue of a Precept to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the Baronies or M mm and Borough, or either of them, to be directed so: that Purpose by the Steward of the Coure of the said Baronies or Manor and Borough; and the Money arising fom all such Amerciaments, shall be paid 10 the Commissioner or Corrimissioncn for the Time being, acting under the Authority of this Act, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commission C. immissioners for the Time being, shall at all and every of his or their erstopay

A tendances or Meetings for putting this Act into Execution, bear and

pay his or their own Expences; and that when and as soon as the said 1>c"cu' imended D vifidn and other Purposes of this Act shall be finished and completed, and the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being shall have executed his or their laid General Award, the said Commissioner or Commissioners lor the Time being shall be paid and allowed, each of them, the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, for each and every Day upon which he or they respectively shall have attended a Meeting, and transacted Business in or for putting this Act into Execution.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or commission-C mnmii mers for the Time being shall, anti he and they is and are hereby en to account, respectively required to keep or cuufe to be kept a just and true Statement

anti A count ot all S ’ms of Money which shall be raised or received, and laid out or expended by him or them, or by Ivs or their Order, or for his or :heir Ufr, under <r by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due or owing to him or ihem for his or their own Trouble or Expences; and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpose; and

516

Money wlvch may be advanced for obtaining or executing this Act to 1*e r-paid in t!»e firit P ace with lute rest.

Poorer to

Appeal.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 27.

fyeh Accounts shill be at lead once in every Year from the leading of tfti* Act, (ill such Accounts shall be-finaily allowed, together with the Voucher* relating to the fame, examined and lettled by Robert Hopper IViIluwfen, fat the Town and County or Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Efcjuire, vnu is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpos-; and in case of his Death or kefulal to act, by such other fir and proper P.-rion as final I be appointed Auditor in his Stead, by ri.e Majority in Value of the faiu Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is herein before directed with rrfpeft to the Meet, i.ngof the said Proprietors, for the Purpose cf appointing a Commissioner, and such Auditor for the Time being, shall from Time to I inie flare, in Writing under his Hand, the Balance of the Lid Accounts in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned oi be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed determined by such Auditor, and also that such Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner or Commission-rrs for the Time being, and shall be open to the inipcebon of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents, a: all reasonable Times, during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, ai d until the said Accounts shall have been finally settled and allowed; and in case the said Commissioner or Comm IE meis for the Time being, or his or their Clerk, ftiafl icfuie or neglect lo to do, the Ci-mm ffioner or CoinrrJffi ners for the 1 nr.c being, or Clerk respt ftively, so refuling or neghfting, (bah, for every Inch Refills! or Negbft, forfeit and pay to any Person who llrail sue for the same, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record as WeJlmi'Jler, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if a y of the Pctfons who have Right of Common in or upon the said Comm n Moor or Waste, or any other Person or Person , shall advance or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purp jfe of defraying the Expenc-S of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame imo Execution, all such Persons (hAl be fuliv repaid the f'.nic, together with Interest thereon after die R te of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year, out of the fi ft Muncy which shall be rail'd for the Purposes of tl.is Act, such Interest to be computed from the Time or rrfpeetivr Times of advancing or paying the said Sum or Sums ot Money, to the Time or respective Tunes of the Re-pay meat thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Avail think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, other than and txccpt Rich Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be afccuained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a July, or whereby any of the Provisions of the Rid Act of the IA r y-fiift Year of the present Reign, or of this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Pioceedings of the said Commissioner or Comm.ffioners for the Time being, arc directed to be final or conclusive, he, she, or they may appeal to any General Quaitcr Seffiuns, of the Peace which shall be hidden for the Counts of Northumberland, within Six Cairn; ar Months next after the causeot Complain, shall have arisen, giving Notice in Writing of evey such Appeal, by affixing such Notice, expressing the C 'ule of Complaint, upon tnc principal Doors of the Parish Churches of Warkvoorth and Lsbury a'ordaid. Pen Days at lead before such General Quarter SelHon.; and the Juiiices of the Peace

assembled

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Gap. if. 517

assembled at such General Quarter Sessions, or at any fub'Vquent General Quarter Sessions to which the said Justices shall adjourn any such Appeal, either for want of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, or for any other Caule which to the said Justices shall leeni a sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeal, are hereby authorized to hear and detei mine, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Costs, as Co them in their Difcecion shall fcem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting toe reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale , tnd every O d;r and Determination of the said Justices upon eVeiy such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or re. moveable by Certiorari, or any other Process or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wjlminster, or elsewftere.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Own^rtof lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of may g« Free, the several Lands allotted in pursuance of this A"£f, to win, get, and woik none, therein Freestones, Whinstones, and Limestones f t the Use of die Grounds lo to be allotted to them, and also Freestones and Whinstones for the Use of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Walls, Fences, and Hereditaments, in respect of which such Allotments shall be made, but for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Proprietors of the said several allotted Lands, to dig and get Ciay for Bricks or for Tiles, or any other Use or Purposes whatsoever, so as the lame he used for the Lark s or Grounds so to be allotted, and the Linds, Tenement?, and He: la-

ments in respect whereof the same shall be made, and not for Sale or any other Purpose whatsoever.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this This Act not Act shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, and Interest of the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Hi s, Sue- Man-wTo t-he cessors, and Assigns, as Lord of the said Barony or Manor and Bo- RWtici, fee-rough of Warkwonb, and Barony of Alnwick, of, in, and to the Mines,

Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind loever, ly ing and oc ing within or under the said Common Moor or Waite hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also of, in, and to all Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Baronies or Manor and Borough; but that the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Successors, ana

Assigns, and all and every other Person or Persons claming by, under, or in Trust for him, her, or them, as Lord of the said Baronies o-. Manor and Borough, and all succeeding Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladi.s of the said Baronies or Manor and Borough for the Time being, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Does, Cuf. toms, Suits and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, C urts, Courts Leet and Views of Frank Pledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Pci-quifltes of Courts and Leets, and all Things which to Couus Leet and Views of Frank Pledge, and Courts Baron do belong or appertain, with ILoc.VPcr.j 6 P W Fkc

$i8 47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. ij.

Free Warren, and Liberty of Hawking, Hunting, Fishing, and Fowling, within and throughout the said Baronies or Manor and Borough, and every Part thereof, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Trea-lure Trove, Waifs, Forfeitures, Estrays, Escheats, Fairs, Markets, Tolls, Customs, Stallages, Dues, Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emo* luments, Hereditaments, Matrers, and Things whatsoever, to the taid Baronies or Manor and Borough, or to the Lord thereof for the Time being, incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the said Common Moor or Wade, and such ConW mon Right thereon respectively as could or might be claimed by them, for which Compensation is herein-before directed to be made) in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might have held or enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made; and that the said Hi>gb Duke of Northumberland, and all succeeding Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Barony or Manoi and Borougi of Warkworth, and Barony of Alnwick, or his Tenants, Lessees, t.r AJi ns, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, h Id, win, work, and enjoy exclusivtly all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries of what Nature or Kind soever (save and except the said publick Quarries* and fuel) other Frteflone, Whmftone, and Limestone, as aforesaid) within and under the said Common Moor or Waste hereby directed to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof respectively, and the several Allotments thereof in pursuance of this Act, together with all convenient and nectflary Ways and Wayleaves, and alfu Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, through, over, and along the fame or any Part thereof, and also for searching for, winning, and working the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones, FofTils, and ocher Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, or Collieries belonging to the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, and of making Pits, Shafts, and Sumps, Pit Rooms, and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the lame, and of erecting, building, and using Houses, Dtawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines, and other Engines, Mills, and other Erections and Buildings, and of altering, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their free Will and Pleasure, and to do, execute, and perform all such other Works, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, either now in use or hereafter to be invented, as shall or may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete working, Use, and Enjoyment of such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries hereby reserved, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents, and Purposes, as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made.

For making

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Hugh Duke of

comp-niation Northumberland, Lord of the said Baronies or Manors, his Heirs or Assigns, working'5 or any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, final/, after such

Mints. Inclosures or Allotments made as aforesaid. search for, win, or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Inclosures to be made as aforesaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries,

then

5i9

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 27.

then and in such Case the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Lord of the said Baroni-s or Manors, his Heirs or Assigns, or such. Person or Persons so claiming under him or them, shall make a reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, or by the erecting or building any Houses, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines, or other Engines, Mills, or other Erections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials, thereof as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of such Ground at the Time or Tunes of such Damage or Spoil.

XLII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors.’and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies 's' Politick and Corporate,his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the saidf/afi Duke of Northumberland, and the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Common Moor or Waste hereby directed to be divided 2nd allotted, before the passing of this Act, or could or might, or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Thii Act to Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed br P'";t<!d ar<t shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, justices, and others. Since.'0 Ev'*

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1807.

Of/m^y Ol/Pr:

:iA'

jiv: n;‘woHo

>a

:; f !*> KU

$ rVj i»* * '*«#. m* ,:

v. - |o . i;.... gtuiulmi 7oi &A aA

lo tfnuoD sib ni A^tnO brur

: ..* .«oW^»V

hui ifliw ...-,’)« m :A3JISHY

aldsnoninpfj itiHio hnt ,enori;. 1 ivobcaM aLbi'i nsqO

,». *»r.

fttfioiu v« ,aniotl1f..n;ii: 10 <-.s . ins , 7,-1 auO-rl*7 r h

tm u,‘i* D!!.' *f ft >( ' - ...'1© Ji*! Hi!'ni

i .' ( - rhfl ‘f ^'Hii. f>; ' ’ ' '-irJw

jdi m ,t iiv/ bnA 7Uiw> i: J-.1& bu: r s* nid':i* ateuitt m

4 ^1*4*0 iv .1 lid ,7V...'. . ... ©Id&v:

1C iwJD pimipO btisefa^ «dt ,©7tt-pi‘? v»\WR wtetK

LiV)W»Jl M > vApX S;i- ., ;ntD to ... iv&iY bwifttJ sift i®

s.-: *1 wth «'Js ban r t 'D ^v>U 7J1 vV- A\ t- ttswv.i sJ? ,ifi»D

' i' uvUlfi ,-vv^i 4th|A

fcn' liUT^. i in .*» O iid is.

r,« i ' - - - - . i siKr'qovrrr. »rfl

trf* fu& j ti v! bihia .- :w uiof wtJ^T

»tt t\i A*\)

t:\ vl? Mil bsu,

iO :7 j tutu 'V - Vf»

piisrt M -»'' iJibiwr ,.; Ti

V, £ '© - a L

77i \m*xS boso^S ad:; <-»

jiii £ ^i.ife KitO ©,.;j o? j» tiafc

7' ...* - A ' v-- -

i'kuji Jji

b >t laahiryfl

-no ’u ' sdi ic tnoiafll i ttsfOv$f\ rnwS. ,i©M»di ij-ri oi «i»>trfta^moO :J 3v": . i>.; .

- i.

- i: io£'©?r ?.i ~vi/&S ?o jf/Sod . . *d; ,...

v "s!\ .»A j

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff! 2.

Cap. 28.

An Act for Inclosing Lands in the ParishC3 of Great St aught on and Graff ham, in the County of Huntingdon. [ 2 5 th July 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of Great Stoughton and Graffbam, in the County of Huntingdon, certain Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing Two Thousand Acres, or thereabouts, of which One hundred and thirteen Acres, or thereabouts, are situate in that Part of the Hamlet of Perry, which is called East Perry, and which is within the said Parish of Graffbam; and all the Residue thereof are situate within the said Parish of Great Staughton: And whereas the Most Noble William Duke of Manchester, Sir James Duberly Knight, Arthur Walter Esquire, the Reverend Frogmere Cummhtg Clerk, as Vicar of the United Vicarages of Cardington and Keyfoe, the Reverend Harry Wel/lead Clerk, the Reverend Hugh Wade Gery Clerk, and also the fame Hugh Wade Gery, John Milnes Esquire, and the Reverend Thomas Milnes Clerk, as his Co-proprietors, are respectively Owners of several Parts of the Impropriate ReGory of Great Staughton, and are entituled to certain Tythes arising within the said Parish of Great Staughton: And whereas the President and Scholars of Saint John the Baptist’s College, Oxford, are Patrons of the Vicarge of Great Staughton aforesaid, and the Reverend James Pope Clerk is Vicar thereof, and entitled to certain Tythes, or Compositions in lieu thereof, arising within the said Parish of Great Staughton: And whereas Lady Olivia Bernard Sparrow is Patroness of the Rectory of Graffbam aforesaid and the Reverend Samuel Parr DoGor of Laws, is ReGor thereof, and entitled to the Great and Small Tythes arising within the said Parish of Graffbam; And whereas the Lac. lit Per 7} 6 Q King’s

C22

-Commis-

fioneis.

The Provisions of the . general Act to extend to this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 28.

King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown; and Parker Esquire, as His Lessee; the said Arthur Walter Esqtiire, Jam:, Garth Esquire, the said Harry Weljlead, Robert Hurst and others, are Owners and Proprietors of the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, intended to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act: And whereas the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Common and Open Fields lie intermixed and dispersed* and are otherwise inconveniently situated; and the lame, and also the said Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds' in the hid Parishes respectively in their present: State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and the Proprietors thereof are defrous that the fame should be divided, and speclfic Allotments set out to and for the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons inlerested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, and be inclosed and held in severalty; and that, in Consideration cf a proper Compensation, all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parishes of Great Siaughton and Grajfham respectively, as well Open as Inclosed, which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes, or any Modules, or other Compofuions in lieu thereof, should be discharged therefrom: but the feverel beneficial Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliaments May it thererefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, anti Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Chat les Blood-worth of Kimboiton, in the County of Huntingdon; John Burcham of Coningsby, in the County of Lincoln; and Edward Platt of Lidlington in the County of Bedford, Gentlemen, shall be and they are hereby appointed C.ommissioners. for dividing and allotting all the iaid-Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Com-njons, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the said Parishes of Great Siaughton and Grajfham and for carrying the several other Pur-ppfes of this Act into Execution, pursuant to the Powers, Regulations, Directions, and Provisions, contained in this Act, and to such of the Powers, Regulations, Directions, and Provisions, contained in an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of Kis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating into one Ad, certain Provisions tifually inserted in Acts of Inclos ure, and for facilitaing the Mode of proving the several Fads vfually required on the puffing cf such Acts, as afe not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Privisions, or Regulations of this Act: provided always, that this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to enable the Commissioners to divide, inclose, or exonerate from Tythes, that Part of the Parish of Great Siaughton, which was divided and inclosed, <4 exonerated from Tythes, under or by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fqriy fouith Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for inciofiing Lands, in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, ojj that Part of the Parish of Graf ham, which was divided and inclosed, or exonerated from Tythes, under or by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor and Township of Graifhain, in the County of Huntingdon.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Ca^28. $3$

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of t^p^e^Tom-Commissioners herein-before named, or to be appointed as hereinafter is mi/iioners. mentioned, shall, before tile fmiffiing and completing the said Division and Inclosure, die, or refuse to, aft, or become incapable of a'sting as a Commissioner, in the Execution of this Act; then, and in every futh Cafe, the surviving or remaining CommhTione,'s or Commifioner shall from Time to Time, within Twenty-one Days next after inch Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall happen, or as loon after as conveniently may be, by Writing under their or his Hands and S'zh, or Hand and Seal, appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, in the Place of fitch Corpnrflionsr or Corfanuflio-nets so dying, reihfing to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid: And every such Commissioner so to be appointed, shall have such. and the like Powers and Authorities, by virtue of this Act, as the Commissioner in whole Place he shall succeed, was invested with.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for' T*o Com the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or who shall or may be appointed mlysux.' in Manner herein-before mentioned, or any Two of them.;1 and they,

or any Two of them, are hereby fully authorized and empowered to do all and every or any Act, Matter, and Thing, by this Act authorized to be done and performed by the said Commissioners; and any Act, Matter, or Thing, which shall be executed by any Two of such Commissioners, shall be as valid.and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the said Commifioners herein-before appointed had been present, and had executed, done, and performed the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and Commis-they are hereby required, to give publick Notice in the Parish Churches N""eof B'W4 of Great Staughton and Graf ham aforesaid, respectively upon feme Sunday their Meet-immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing, to be affixed on one ‘"E*

of the outer Doors of each of the said Parish Churches, of the Time and Plaqe of their first Meeting, for executing the Powers hereby vetted in them, at least Seven Days before such Meeting, and shall in like Manner give Seven Days Notice of every subsequent Meeting for the like Purposes,

(Meetings by Adjournment only excepted ;) and in case Two Cotnmiflio-ners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for atiy one of the said Commissioners present, at such Time and Place, or the Clerk to be appointed by the said Commissioners, to adjourn the said Meeting to be held on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment; and the said Commissioner or Clerk, making such Ad. journment, is hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absenf Commissioners; and all Meetings for executing this Act shall be held at Great Staughton and Graf ham aforesaid, or within Eight Miles therefrom.

V. And be it further enacted, That ail Notices, which by the said Act, Notiers to be or this Act, are required to be given or published in any public News-

paper, of Dtting out public Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing smpton Mer. the Award of the Commissioners, or of any other Act, Matter, or Thing to CUI> bedone in pursuance of this Act, shall be given and publishedin th^Cambridge Chrtnide and Northampton Mercury; or, if those Newspapers shall not 1 , then

52

Corona tf-

f» »ne= s to determine Disc-iei cnees.

Power to try npired Ciami at jLaw.

47’ GEORGII III. Sell 2. Cup. 28.

then be published, in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the fail

iCounty of Huntingdon.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall

arise between His Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, and any other of the Proprietors of, or Persons interfiled in any of the Lands or other Hereditaments intended to be divided or affected by this Act, or between any of the said Proprietors or Persons interested as aforesaid, touching or concerning any of their Claims, Estates, Rights, or Interests therein, or any Allotment or Compensation to be made in lieu thereof, it ill all be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to hear and determine the fame: Provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine any Dispute or Difference which may arise touching or concerning the Title of His Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if His Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or other Hereditaments intended to be divided or affected by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the Hid Commissioners, and shall be desirous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests, respectively tried at Law; and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so desirous to have the fame tried at Law, shall and do by themselvesor their respective Attornies or Agents, give or cause to be given. Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissionos, or either of them, within One Calendar Month next after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commissioners, (of which Notice, the said Commissioners are here by required immediately, on receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be done, t -> give Information to the adverse Party or Pa'ties, his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, or Agents, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Attornies or Agents as aforesaid.) then but not afterwards, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Alligns; and he, she, and they, is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law of the fame, at the A fuzes to be holden for the County of Huntingdon, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, again! t the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, interested in the said Division, who" shall make such Objection or Objections within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or More issue or Issues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, if the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the

Verdi <2

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 28.

Verdin or Verdicts, which shall be given in the said A cleat or Acli mis, shall be final and conclusive to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all Persons whomsoever 5 and after any Verdich or VerdiSs shall have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the Ja d Commissioners fiiaHj and they are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in vvtiich any Action commenced in purfuunceof this let ih :!I be depending, upon Efficient Cause shewn, to put oii' thelrial of fitch ASion, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time hereinbefore limited for the Trial of such ASion may be thereby exceeded: but if no such ASion or ASions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice, within the Tune aforesaid; or, if such ASion or ASions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the Allizes, which shall be holdenfor the said County of Huntingdon, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Expiration of Twenty-one Days from the Day of giving such Notice, by or on account of the Neglect or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s therein; then, and in such Case, the Determination of the Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive unto and upon all Parties whatl’oever.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Parties in Action* not an ASion or ASions to be brought and prosecuted in pursuance of this t»« oeathof AS, shall die pending the fame, such ASion or ASions shall not abate by the Party. Reason thereof, but may be proceeded in, as if no such Death had happened.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted That tile said Commis- ^|,‘ sioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, at their Discretian> ,:ie(s eUiU r upon Request made to them by all or any of the Parties in whose Favour

they shall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, for the Ufc or Benefit of such Party or Parties, upon or against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whose Claim or Claims, ObjeSion or Objections,

Complaint or Complaints, shall be thereby disallowed, as the Case shall happen; and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, to levy such Costs and Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such last-mentioned Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Didrefs and Sale: And in case there shall be no Goods and Chattels whereby to levy the same, or in case a Body Corporate is to pay such Cods, then, and in either of such Cases, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Cods shall be awarded, to recover the fame by Action or Actions of Debt, or on the Cafe, in which it shall be diffident for the Plaintiff’ to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum specified in the Order of Adjudication made by the said Commissioners, and in consequence of such Order of Adjudication, without setting forth any other of the Proceedings therein had.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and A'lotment for miav, and they are hereby authorized and required, to set out and allot St;>ne» Sami, such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and ylortu Pht inclosed by virtue hereof, as they shall think proper, not exceeding Five

Acres within the said Parish of Great Stoughton, and Two Acres within the said Parish of Graffham, in the whole, as and for public Stone, Sand,

Gravel, and Mortar Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the same, to be used in common by the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds, and [Lw. fcf Per.] 6 R their

526 47° GGEORG 11 ill. Soft; 2. Cap. iS.

their Tenants, in or upon any of their Lands, Tenements, or Heredita" merits, intended to be divided and inclosed, or exonerated from 1 ythes, by virtue hereof, for their own nccetiary IJfes, or for the Repairs of the public and private Roads in the said Parishes respectively, within which the said Stone, Sand, Gravel, and Mortar Fits, respectively, shall be so let out as aforesaid; and the Herbage to grow on the said Allotments, respectively, is hereby vested in the Surveyor o1- Surveyors for the Time being of the Highways in tire respective Parishes of Great Staughton and Graff ham aforesaid, in which the fame Allotments, respectively, shall be made to be by him or them let, fold, or disposed of, for the Use of the fame Highways.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set out for the Impropriate Rectors of Great Staughton, such Part of the Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Great Staughton aforesaid, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, asfhtdl, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be a full Equivalent and t'ompensation for such Glebe Lands, and Right of Common (if any) as they or any of them are now entitled to, as Impropriators as aforesaid, in, over, and upon the lame Lands and Grounds; and shall, in like Manner, set out for the said James Pope, or the Vicar of Great Staughton aforesaid for the Time being, such Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Great Staughton, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed; and for the said Samuel Parr, or the Rector of Greff bam aforesaid for the Time being, such Part of the Lands within the said Parish of Grffham, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for their respective Glebe Lands and Rights of Common, (if any such they have,) in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed.

A'lctment ror ii t e and C< m-non Ri^ht.

Allotments for Tytiics*

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the next Place, set out for the Impropriate Rectors of Great Staughton aforesaid, and for the said James Pope, or the Vicar of Great Staughton aforesaid for the Time being, such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish of Great Staughton, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, shall be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of all the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Great Staughton, which now, or at any Time within the Space of Three Years next before the p’affing of this Act, have been used as Arable or Tillage Lands and Grounds; to One-tenth Part of all the Wood Lands within the same Parish; and to One-ninth Part of all the other Lands and Grounds, as well open as inclosed, within the same Parish, which are subject or liable to the Payment of full Tythes in Kind, to the said Impropriators or any of them, and the said Vicar, respectively, which shall remain, after the several public Roads and Gravel Pits, and the Allotment or Allotments, in lieu of Glebe Lands and Rights of Common, to be set out and allotted in the same Parish, in pursuance of this Act, shall be deducted therefrom, (except of such Ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds, within the hud Parish of Great Staughton, exceeding the Quantity of Twenty-five Acres, the Proprietor or feint Proprietors whereof shall not have sufficient Common Field Land, or Rights of Common, to exonerate the fame from Tythes ;) and in case any of the ancient inclosed or Open Field Lands or Grounds, in the Parish of Great Staughton aforesaid,

are

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 28. 527

are subject to the Payment of a Modus or Competition, in lieu of any Tythes to the said Vicar, then the said Commissioners shall set out for the said Impropriators and the said Vicar respectively, such further Plot or Plots of the Lands in Great Staughton aforesaid, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to the Tythes due to the said Impropriators, or any of them, and the Modu-fes or Compositions in lieu of Tythes due or payable to the said Vicar for such of the Lands and Grounds within the said Pari lb of Great Staughton as are not subject and liable to the Payment of full Tythes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in Al'otmem for the next Place, set out for the said Samuel Parr, or the Rest or of Graffbatn lhe

aforesaid, for the Time being, such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds, Graffnaw within the said Parish of Graffbam, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as, in the Judgement of the said Comir.iflioness, shall be equal

in Value to One-fifth Part of all the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Graf ham, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, which now, or at any Time within the Space of Three Years next before the passing of this Act, have been used as Arable or Tillage Lands and Grounds, to One-tenth Part of all the Wood Lands, within the said Pari Hi of Graf ham-, and to One-ninth Part of all the other Lands and Grounds, as well open as inclosed, within the said Parish of Graffbam, which are subject and liable to the Payment of full Tythes to the fame Rect' r, which shall remain, after the several public Roads and Gravel Pits, and the Allotment or Allotments, in lieu of Glebe Lands and Rights of Common, to be set out and allotted in the same Parish, in pursuance of this Act, shall be deducted therefrom; and in case any of the Ancient inclosed or Open Field Lands or Groun Is, in the said Parish of Grtrffham, are subject to the Payment of any Modus or Modules, in lieu of any Tythes, then the said Commissioners shall set out for the fame Rector, such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Graffbam, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, ac, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, shall be equal to the Modules, in lieu of Tythes, due and payable for such of the Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Graffbam aforesaid, as are not subject and liable to the Payment of full Tythes.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Pro- Owners of prietor or joint Proprietors of any Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, Gar- Ancitnt ln* dens. Orchards, or inclosed Lands or Grounds in the said Parishes of h^ve'not fui? Great Staughton and Graffbam, or either of them, which are subject and &" >* Open liable to the Payment ol Tythes in Kind, or any Modus or Composition ?0'exonerate in lieu thereof, shall not be entitled, upon the said Division, to a sufficient them from Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and ^exonerate alloted, to exonerate his, her, or their ancient Inclosures from Tythes or tferr. by a Modules; and such Inclosure or Inclosures of any such Proprietor or pV. Joint Proprietors, in the said Parish of Great Staughton, shall not exceed

in the W hole Twenty-five Acre-, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to charge the Proprietor or Joint Proprietors thereof respectively, with such Sum or Sums ol Money as shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be a just and full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Fee-Simple of the Tythes thereof respectnrely, according to the Proportions aforesaid: and such Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid by such Proprietor or Joint Proprietors reipifffivclw 'to the said Commissioners, to be by them applied, in such S Manner

528 47° GEORGJ1 III. Sess. 2; Cap. 28.

Manner as they shall think proper, towards defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution; and, in case of Non-payment thereof, at the Time appointed for that Purpose, the same shall be raised and levied in such Manner as is provided for railing and levying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, in case of Ncg-led or Refusal to pay the fame: and if, after defraying all. the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, there dull remain in the Hands of the said Commiihoners any Surplus of the Money paid to them by the Proprietors of such inclosed Lands and Tenements as aforesaid, towards defraying such Expences, the Surplus Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons from whose Allotment or Allotments Land shall have been deducted or taken by the Commissioners, for or towards making a Compen-iation or Satisfaction for the Tythes of such lait mentioned inclosed Lauds and Tenements, in such Shares, and Proportions, and Manner, as the said Commiihoners shall direct or appoint; subject, nevertheless, to the Provisions and Directions contained in the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, with respect to the Money paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands or limber growing thereon; which Money ought to be laid out in the Put chafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor, or Joint Proprietors, of any Ancient Inclosure or Inclosures, in the said Parish oiGreat Staughton, exceeding the Quantity of Twenty-five Acres, shall not have Lands or Hereditaments in the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, sufficient to make Compensation for the Tythes, Modules, or other Compositions in lieu of Tythes, of such Ancient Inclosure or Inclosures; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out for such of the said Impropriators as shall be entitled to the Tythes thereof, and the said Vicar respect-tively, such Part or Parts of such Ancient Iudofure or Inclosures, as, together with such Proprietor or Joint Proprietors’ Share of the said Common and Open Fields, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the same Parish, (If any,) according to the Proportions aforesaid, they shall judge to be a just Compensation for the Ty thes, and Modules in lieu of Tythes, of such Ancient Inclosure or Inclosures; and the Proprietor or Joint Proprietors of such Ancient Inclosure or Inclosures shall pay such Proportion of the Rate to be made for defraying the public Expences, and also shall fence off such Part or Parts of such Ancient Inclosure or Inclosures, so to be set out as a Compensation as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; and such Land so to be set out by the said Commissioners as last aforesaid, shall be described in their Award, and shall be accepted and taken as a full Recompense and Satisfaction, and Compensation for all, and all Manner of Tythes and Modules whatsoever, due and payable to the said Impropriators, and Vicar resp<.dively, out of and from such Ancient Inclosure or Inclosures; and such Ancient Inclosure or Inclosures of such Proprietor or Joint Proprietors, so remaining, after such Deductions, shall for ever afterwards be exonerated and discharged from all such Tythes, as fully and amply as if the Compensation had consisted of any Part of the Lands or Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Cerlair. Ancient Inclosure* my be djithargtd of Tytiics by Land.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 28.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and requited to divide, apportion, allot, and award the Allotments of Land or Ground which shall be set out for and in lieu of the great and small Tythes, Modules, and Payments in lieu of Tythes, in Great Staughton aforesaid, between and among the said Impropriators respectively, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, and the said Vicar of Great Stoughton aforesaid in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a just Compensation and Satisfaction for the respective Properties, Rights, and Interests of the said Impropriators, and of the said Vicar respectively, in the aforesaid Tythes, Modules, and Payments in lieu of Tythes.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments, which shall be set out for the said Impropriators as aforesaid, and the said James Pope, or the Vicar of Great Staughton aforesaid for the Time being, respectively, within the said Parish of Great Staughton, as herein before directed; and the Allotment or Allotments which shall be set out for the said Samuel Parr, or the Rector of Graffham aforesaid for the Time being, within the said Parish of Grqffham, as herein-before directed, shall be in lieu of, and full Compensation and Satisfaction for, their respective Glebe Lands, and Rights of Common, (if any, they, or either of them, have,) in and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed j and also of and for all the great and small Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and other Payments whatsoever, in lieu of Tythes arising, growing, renewing, increasing, appertaining, or due, or payable to them respectively, out of, or in respect of all and every the Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Home-steads, Gardens, Orchards, Inclosed Lands, Open and Common Field Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Wood Grounds, and all other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the respective Parishes of Great Staughton and Graffham aforesaid, respectively; (but Easter Offerings, Surplice Fees, and Mortuaries, shall not be prejudiced ;) and the fame Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and Payments in lien of Tythes, shall immediately from and after the setting out of the Allotment or Allotments m lieu and Satisfaction thereof as aforesaid; or at such other Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award, or any other Writing, to be signed by them previous to the Execution of their Award, and affixed on the Church Doors of Great Staughton and Graffham aforesaid, respectively, direct or appoint, ceal'e, determine, and be for ever ex-ting uished: And the said Impropriators, Vicar, and Rector, respectively, shall in the mean Time be intitled to, and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes, and Payment' in lieu thereof, as they might, or could, or ought to have done, in case this Act had not been made: And in case the same shall happen before the End of any current Year for which the said Tythes are holden by the Tenants or Occupiers thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to determine what Sum shall be paid by them respectively, for the said Tythes, for such fractional Part as shall be then patted, for the said current Year; and that from, and immediately after such Allotments shall be set out, the said Impropriators, Vicar, and Rector respectively, shall be for ever exonerated and exempt from providing and keep.ng a Bull and Boar; or either of them, for the said Parish of Great Staughton and Graffham, in respect of the Lands to be divided and inclosed, or exonerated from Tythes, by virtue of this Act.

[Lee. iff Per.] 6 S

529

Allotment for the Tythes of Great Stuiph-ton to f e di vided betwen the Impro. priaturs and Vicar.

Tythes to cease.

Tythes to be

payable until

Allotments

made.

53° 47* GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 28.

AI'thteLord»

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, of the and may, and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award to and

nor., for the for the Lord* or Ladies of the rdpedive Manors within which the Com-ntriu p tue mon an(j \\ afte ijancls hereby directed to be divided and inclosed are situate, such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be equal in value to One-twentieth Part, at lead, of all such Common and Waste Lands.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, immediately after making such Allotments as aforesaid, divide, set out, allot, and award, all the Residue of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, unto and amongst His Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and his or their Lessee or Lessees, and the several other Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined, to be a fair, just, and reasonable Compensation and Satisfaction for their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein.

For fencing

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments, which shall be set to'mTms.' A* out an<^ awarded to the said Impropriators, Vicar, and kedor, respectively, for Or in lieu of Glebe Land, Rights of Common, Tythes, and Modules, as aforesaid, shall be inclosed and fenced on all such Parts as shall not be directed to be fenced by any other Proprietor, and as shall not adjoin upon any ancient Inclosure, or Brook, with Ditches, and Quickset Hedges, or other proper Mounds and Fences, with proper Ports and Rails, or other Guard Fences, to such new made Quickset Hedges, by and at the Expence of such of the Proprietors (except the said Impropriators, Vicar, and Rector, respectively,) of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and of the inclosed Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Great Staughton and Grajf ham aforesaid, hereby directed to be exonerated from Tythes, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall direct; and all the said Boundary Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, shall at all Times thereafter be repaired and maintained by, and at the ExpencC of, the Owners, for the Time being, of the Lands and Grounds to whom they shall be respectively allotted,or directed to belong: And the several other Allotments to be made to His Majesty, his Heirs, and Fencing the Successors, and his or their Lessee or Lessees, for the Time being, and the ..ther Allot- several other Proprietors thereof, by virtue of this Act, shall be inclosed,

m£nt!' hedged, ditched, and fenced, at the Expence of His Majesty, his Heirs,

and Successors, and his or their Lessee or 1 eflfees, and the other respective Proprietors, to whom such Fences shall be allotted, or directed to belong, with Quickset Hedges and proper Ditches, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall, by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint.

Po»«r to Ml

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Fipenfes.'or Commissioners, on Application made to them in Writing by any Person io (hirge the or Persons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments, or inclosed Lands, or nanttferiJf-’ Tenements, intended to be exonerated from Tythes, by viriueofthis Ad, Ac. with thdr being Tenants in rail, or for Life or Lives, or for any long Term of Years, Aiiutmci ts. abfo'utc or determinable on any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency;

or

53i

47° GEORGII III. Sess.r.fjCaf.28.

or for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, of any Persons seised of any such Estates respectively, who are under Coverture,

Minors, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or any other Disability, (except the Vicar of Great Staughton and Rector of Grajfbam aforesaid, respectively,) to sell and dispose of any Part or Parts of such, his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, fefficient to defray his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the Coils, Charges, and Expences of passing and executing this Act; and of the necessary Coils and Expences of fencing and dividing his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments; all which Sales hereby authorized shall be made in such Manner and Form, and subject to such Regulations, as by the said Act of the Forty-Aril Year of His present Majesty, rliredled or mentioned with respect to Sales thereby authorized; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to convey, and allure or allot, and award the Part or Parts so sold to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof in Fee simple, by Indentures of Lease and Release, or Bargain and Sale or by their Award; and the Receipt of the said Commissioners, for such purchase Monies, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers: or it shall be lawful for any such Person or Persons, as aforesaid, with the Consent, in Writing, of the said Commissioners, to charge his, her, or their respective Allotments, and inclosed Lands, or either of them, or any Part thereof, with any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Amount of the respective Payments, which he, she, or they shall make, by the Direction of the said Commissioners, for or on account of all, or any such Coils, Charger, and Expences as aforesaid,

(and which Charge shall not in any Case exceed the Rate of Five Pounds an Acre,) and for better securing the Payment thereof, with Interest, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as aforesaid, with such Consent as lall aforesaid, to grant, surrender, convey, or allure the Lands so to be charged by Way of Mortgage, in such Manner as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, is provided or authorized, with respect to any other Money to be raised or borrowed for the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such ^piie-tion Lands and Grounds, so to be sold as herein-before mentioned by the said of t'urpius Commissioners, shall be sold for more Money than will be required to Mon«y* defray the Share or Proportion of such Coils, Charges, and Expences, to

be paid by the Person or Persons so requelling such Sale; then and in such Case, such surplus Money shall be divided and apportioned between the several Persons forequeiting such Sale, if more than one such Application shall be made, in such Shares as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants of their respective Allotments in Fee simple, shall be paid to them respectively; and the Shares of such other Persons, of and in such surplus Money, shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said Act, in those Cases wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon; and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase oi other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Qr

lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think the Measure ex- dui^Lind for pedient, to dedudl irom any Allotment or Allotments, to be set out for His ,he ^'pense,.

532 47° GEORGII III. Seflv2. Cap. 28.

Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, and his or their Lessee or Leflces, or {tny other Proprietor or Proprietors, by virtue of this Act, so much Land, as, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, shall be equivalent to the Part or Proportion of the Expences of soliciting and parting this Act, and of the Execution thereof by the said Commissioners: and also to the Expences of inclosing, hedging, ditching, and fencing, which ought to be paid, in respect of i'uch Allotment or Allotments: And the Lands so de-dufted shall be allotted to, or among!! the Proprietor or Proprietors, who shall pay the fame Expences, in Proportion to the Sums they shall respectively pay or contribute thereto; but under the Restriction, however, that no such Deduction shall be made from the Allotment or Allotments to His Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, and his or their Lessee or Lessees, without the previous Consent of the Surveyor-General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, or from any other Allotment or Allotments, without the previous Consent, in Writing, of the respective Proprietors, or Persons seised or entitled in Possession of or to such Allotment or Allotments, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors, being Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, whereof his said Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are seised or entitled for any Ellate of Freehold or Inheritance within the said Parishes of Great Staughton and Graffbam, or either of them, in lieu of, and in exchange for, any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the same Parishes, or either of them, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Township, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners; and that all Exchanges affiefting any Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, be made with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and all other Exchanges in pursuance of this Act, be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Atiomies, of or acting for any such Proprietors 1 or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infams, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be teltified in Writing, under the common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting. Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and dfeftual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of

any

47° GEORG 11 111. Sefi*. 2.' Caf. 28. 533

*fiy Tlvutkfy Chapel’,1 or other Ecclesiaftkal Benefice without the Conferffettfttiffed as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diddefe 4n which fiwh Lands, Tenements, or ffetred it aments To to be exchanged,'-fltail lie and beiitwate: Provided always, that aH'CoIh-, Ch: and Exlpclicds, attending1 the making dnv Exchanges anil Partitions, shall bfe paidhpiftl borta^Y-the several Persons malang such Exchanges'of Partition^, in fitch IM.o ner and in fuih Proporti as the hud Cotn-

ftiidioness'shall 1 v their JIM A\u.: d order and direct.

XXV. And be it farther enabled, That it jCiall and may be lawful for Proprietors any Person or Person?, 4hd shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allot-

ments,-determined by Virtue of this Act to give, grant, bargain, 1VU, dsmife, rnort-

before Lxecti-

gage, devise, limit, convey, assure, and dispose of the fame, for all or «>onot»he any Part of his, her, or their Estate and Interest therein, or Right thereto, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, of Common and every such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise, Mortgage, Devise,

Limitation, and Difpofitien thereof, as well by Will as any other Conveyance property. ot A flu ranee, shall be of the fame Force and Validity, as if made after the Execution of the said Award: And also, that it shall and may he lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Right of Common upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to fell and' dispose of the feme, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out in re’.pebt thereof, by virtue of this Act, separate and distinct from the Ed ate in Right of which he or file is entitled to the fame, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to award all and every such Allotment or Allotments which shall be fold and difpqfed of, or ro be made-and set out, In- lieu of any Right of Common so loid’br disposed of, to’fuf h purchaser or Purchasers thereof or other Person or Persons, who shall be entitled to the lame, by virtue of any such Sale or DiipolkioU. ifiwA

m ,aroTlsa3ne. aifi vH ot jjnijrtobd - ftaisll

XXVI. And Be it further enacted, That all the Allotment which shall be set out or allotted to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic,

Coi-porate,. Or Collegiate, by virtue of this Act, Ual(- be deemed or taken to be held by and under the fame Tenures,'Rents, Fines, Cudoms, and Services rlfpeblively as the Lands and Hereditaments iti lieu or in respetl whereof such Allotments were made, were previously held by or subject unto; and the said Commissioners shall in their Award distinguish the Tenures of the said Allotments respectively, and of or within what Manor or Manors the feme are holden or situate respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Abt contained. Allotment ts shall revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, of or concerning any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall feae’d the be allotted or exchanged by virtue of tills Abt, or prejudice any Person

having' any Claim or Interest in, to, or out of the fame; but the fame ‘they were ’ Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, upon the allotting and ""k* Exchange thereof respectively, go and remain to the same Person?, for the fame Estates and Interests, and to the feme Uses, upon the feme Trulls, and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and be under and iubjebfc to the Fame Powers, Provisos, Limitations, Conditions, Agreements.

X‘m- lL6£- & Per.] 6 T ’ Debts,

534: 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 2%.

Debts, Charges, tndimbrances, and Pfovifioirs of every Kind, 2S the Laiids'and Hereditaments, in respect whereof the fame shall be respectively allotted or exchanged, are of, or would be held, or go, stand, or be limited to or upon, or be fbbjeft to, or affected by, if such Allotment or Exchange’ had not been made, or this Act had not passed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases, I’ower to ».v Agreements for Leases at Rack-Rent, or from Year to Year, now Rack Rent. ' subsisting of all, every, or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds, Which are hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or which shall be exonerated from Tythes, or exchanged by virtue of this Act; and of all Messuages, Homesteads, and Old Inclosures, situate in the Parishes of Great Staughton and Graff ham aforesaid, which are let therewith respectively, shall immediately, from and after dividing, allotting, exonerating and exchanging the fame Lands and other Hereditaments respectively, or at such other Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing under their Hands, direct, cease, determine, and be void, and the respective Owners of such Lands and Hereditaments, shall make such Satisfaction and Compensation to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants for the Loss or Damage he, she, or they respectively shall thereby sustain, and in such Manner as such Owners, and their Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants respectively, shall agree upon; or, in case they shall disagree, then as the said Commissioners shall order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants respectively, on account thereof; and, in case the Money directed by the said Commissioners to be paid on the Account aforesaid, shall not be paid at the Time by them appointed, the same shall be recoverable at the Suit of the Person or Persons respectively, to whom the same shall be directed to be paid, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; in which, no Protection, Essoign, Wager of Law* or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained, shall extend to determine, prejudice, or aflfeft any Leases or Agreements of or concerning any Lands or Hereditaments which shall be exchanged, by virtue of this Act, unless the Whole of the demised Premises shall be situate in the Parishes of Great Staughton and Grajfham aforesaid, or either of them: Provided also, and be it further eftafted, That nothing herein contained, shall make void, or authorize the Commissioners to make void, any Lease or Leases of ancient Inclosures only, in the said Parishes of Great Staughton and Grajfham, or either of them, which shall be exonerated from Tythes, but the same shall continue during the Residue of the said Term, and the Tenant or Tenants thereof, respectively, shall pay the Landlord of the said Premises such increased Rent, as the Commissioners shall determine to be fair and reasonable; such additional Payment of Rent to commence at such Time as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall be payable to the said Landlord or Landlords,

together with the other Rent, and be recoverable in the same Manner as the said other Rent is recoverable.

Commis-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until

dTreit tlTeay such Division, and Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, all the Tillage,

Courfcof Pasture, and other Lands, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed,

Huftiandry. flja|] jje flocked, with such Cattle, and sown by the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, with such Sort of Corn and Grain, and shall

S3S

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2: Gap. 28-

shall be kept, Ordered and continued, in such Course of Husbandry, as the said Commissioners, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf, shall award, order, direct, or appoint, any Usage or Custotn of flocking or forwing to the contrary, notwithstanding; and that no Meadows, Failures, or Fresh Grounds, Part of the Lands and Grounds directed to be divided and inclosed or exonerated from Tythes^ and not now in Tillage, shall, before that Time, be ploughed, broken-up, or converted into Tillage: And also, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any Time hereafter, when they in their Judgement shall think it convenient and necessary by Notice for that Purpose, under their Hands, to be affixed on one of the Doors of each of the Parish Churches of Great Staughton and Graffham aforesaid, to suspend or totally extinguish, all or any Part of the Right of Common in and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed; and from and after such Notice given, all such Right of Common over the Lands or Grounds, as by such NoticeorNoticesshall bedirested or declared to be suspended or extinguished, shall cease, and be utterly extinguished, or otherwise be suspended, for such Time as the said Commissioners shall in and by such Notice direct; and if, during such Suspension, or after such Extinguishment of Common Right as aforesaid, any of the said Proprietors or Occupiers shall at any Time or Times during the Time this Act shall be carrying into Execution, permit his, her, or their Cattle to go, departure or feed, on any of the I,ands or Grounds so exonerated from Common, then it shall be lawful for any of the said Proprietors or Occupiers to seize such Cattle, being upon such Lands or Grounds, contrary to such Order, and to impound and keep the fame, until the Person or Persons so offending shall pay to the Person or Persons so seizing and impounding such Cattle, the Sum of Five Shillings for each of the Catde so seized and impounded; and in case the same shall not be paid before the next Meeting of the said Commissioners after such seizing and impounding, then the said Commissioners, are hereby authorized and empowered, upon Proof of such Offence or Offences having been committed, and Non-payment of the Penalty thereby incurred, to cause the Cattle so seized and impounded, or such Part thereof as they shall think necessary, or other Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, to be sold, for raising and paying the Penalty aforesaid, together with the Colls and Charges attending such seizing and impounding,

Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner of such Cattle and Chattels.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Lessee or Lessees of His Proprietors, Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, and the several other Proprietors, whose whof- A U-Allotments on the said Division and Inclosure shall have been ploughed, "fveb- en' sowed, or manured, by the Direction of the said Commissioners, shall ploughed,&c. pay unto the several Persons, who shall have ploughed, sowed, or manured the fame, such several and respective Sums of Money, and at such Times, the" laiue. as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and by any Writing under their Hands, ascertain, order, and direct; and in case any of the said Sums of Money shall not be paid at the Times so ordered by the said Commissioners, the same shall be raised, paid, and recovered, in such Manner as is provided for raising, levying, and recovering the Expenses of obtaining this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the same.

XXXI. Amt

S36 47°&e°RGII III. §dT.2, Cap. 28.

I^on-r" to

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the fakl Commissioneits shall make Drains, and nvay make, scour, and widen all such ancient Brooks, Ditches, * Drains, Wateicourses, Tunnels, and Bridges in the1 laid Barlines of Great Ste.ugbton and Grajsham aforesaid rtipeftively; and also shall and may set'outi’uch new Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, Tunnels, Water-gates, Banks, and from Time to Time, to make and repair such coni-potent Bridges, as well through and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, a also in, through, and over any ancient Inclosure, or other Lamts and Grounds in the lame respective Parishes, (making such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures, or other Lands and Grounds not hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, for the Damage done thereby, as they shall think proper,) of fuih Breadth and Depth, and in such Directions, as the Laid Commissioners shall think proper; and the said Comnmlioners shall, and they are hereby directed, in anu by their said Award, to order and award by whom, and at whose Expence, and at what Time, and in what Manner, such Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Water-courses, Tunnels, Water-gates, Banks and Bridges, shall be made, and thereafter repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained: Provided always, that no Brook, or Stream of Water, shall be diverted, or turned, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands and Grounds from which any such Brook or Stream shall be diverted, or into which any such Brook or Stream shall be turned. '

madenimder ’

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That were any Gate or Gates, shall be made against any public Road or Way, within the Parishes of Great Rja<i. 'c Stoughton iXidGroJfbomy aforesaid, respectively, the Proprietpror Proprietors of such Gate or Gates shall, and he is hereby required, at his and their own proper Colls and Charges, within Six Calendar Months next after the Date of the said Award, or from the Time such Gates shall be placed, in all Places were such Gates shall be placed, to make, or cauie to be made, a good and sufficient Bridge, or covered Drain, of a Capacity equal to the Necessities of the Cafe; and shall, from Time to Time, for ever afterwards, at his and their like Costs and Charges, keep openV/and in good Repair, the said Bridges or Drains, and every of them: And In case such Proprietor or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse to make such Bridges or Drains as aforesaid, within the Time herein-before limited . for that Purpose, or shall neglect, or refuse, after such Bridges or Drains Iftall be made as aforesaid, to keep the fame open, and in good Repair; then, and in either of the said Cases, the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parishes of Great Stoughton and GrojJ'bam respectively for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, fr6ra Time to Time to make and repair,such competent Bridges or Drains as aforesaid: And the Proprietor or Proprietors so neglecting or refuting to make such Ditches or Drains as aforesaid, or to keep the fame' in good Repair, shall not only reimburse and repay to the said Surveyors all such Colls, Charges, and Expences, as fljail attend the making such Ditches or Drains, and keeping the fame from Time to '1 ine open-And in good Repair, but Ihjll also, for every such Neglect or Default, forteirMqd pay to such Surveyor or Surveyor? respectively, such Sum, hfc_peifaieSing l ive Pounds, as any One of hE Majesty's Justic'es o f the Dt.iof fSf the said ..County of./. untlngdon shall direct: And in case-the fiid Ph>paetor:JDr Proprietors Audi, after Demand niade.by iheiaidSuft-eyor^jortjii^of thetn,

( vrv *3

537

47* GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 28.

neglect or refuse to reimburse and repay to such Surveyor or Surveyors, all Colts, Charges, and Expences, as aforesaid; and all'o the said Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds: Then the fame, and every Part thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon; which Warrant such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant and such Penalty or Penalties shall be paid to the said respective Surveyor or Surveyors, who is and are hereby ordered and directed to lay out, apply, and dispose of the fame, in and

out the Repair of the Highways, in the Parish in which such Neglect or jC mission shall happen.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners acting under, or by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, to remove any Road Surveyor or Road Surveyors by them appointed, and to nominate and appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their Room; and in case of the Death of any such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to appoint any other Person or Persons in the Room of him or them so dying; and the Allowance of any Certificate of such new Road Surveyor or Surveyors, shall have the fame Effect and Operation in rendering the Road or Roads certified and allowed Parish Roads, as if the fame Road or Roads had been certified by the Road Surveyor or Road Surveyors originally appointed under the said Act, or this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when, and so soon as any of the publick Carriage Roads to be set out in pursuance of the said Act, and this Act, shall be completed, and put into good and fulEcient Repair, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of and for the said County of Huntingdon, at any special Sessions or Meeting to be holden for the Purpose, to declare such Road or Roads to be fully and sufficiently formed, completed, and repaired; from which Time, and for ever thereafter, such Road or Roads shall be supported and kept in repair by such Persons, and in like Manner as the publick Roads now are, or ought, by Law, to be amended and kept in Repair.

XXXV. And be it further enacted That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, when inrolled in manner directed by the said Act, shall be deposited in the Church Chest of Great Stoughton aforesaid, and an attelled Copy thereof in the Church Chest of Graffham aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, of so much of their Award as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments so to be made to His Majesty, or his Lessee together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to the said Allotment or Allotments, or any other Rights or In-tcrefts, of His Majesty, or his Lessee, as may be contained in such Award; and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and transmit the fanw to the Surveyor-General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, within Twelve Months after the making and executing the said Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

I\’wer *0 remove Road Surveyor-

Power for the Justice* to declare any of the Roads completed.

Award to be deposited in Ihe Parish t-lunch of Great Staugh. ton, and an attestril Copy in the Parish Church of Graffham. Commissioner» to make an Extract of so much of their Award, as elate* to His Majesty , Ai-lotimnt, and to transmiuhe lame to the LandtOve. nue OSes,

tu. V Per.}

6U-X

538 47° GEORGII lit. SdT.a. Chp. i8%

ersa'iIu^v"*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commit ance. anjother sioners. and their Clerk, who shall act in the Execution of the Trulls and fheAit'* of Powers vested in them by this Act, shall be paid the Sum of Two Pound* Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, for every E)ay he shall be employed in or about the Execution of this Act, in fuli Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expenses in the Execution thereof; and that the fame, together with all the Coils, Charges, and Expenses, of passing this Act, and the Costs and Charges of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed-, and also of surveying, admeasuring, planning, and valuing the said Home* Heads and ancient Lnclosures, and exonerating the lame from Tythes, and of preparing and inrolling the said Award, or Instrument of Allotments, and making such Copy thereof as aforesaid, and all other necessary Expenses about and concerning the said Premises, shall be borne and defrayed in a proportionable Rate by His Majesty, his Heire, or Successors, and his or their Lessee or Lessees, and all other the Proprietors and Owners of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and which shall be exonerated of Tythes by virtue of this Act, except the said Impropriators, and the said Vicar of Great Staughton and Rector of ^raffbdm aforesaid, respectively, in respect of their Reftorial and Vicarial Tythes, Glebe Lands, and Rights of Common, (if any,) in such Shares and Proportions, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall, in and by any Writing* under their Hands, previous to making their Award, or by their Award* order, direct, or appoint.

Money ad.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money, which shall be rtp^d with e advanced by any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of defraying the Interest. Expences of applying for, and obtaining this Act, or for carrying the fame into Execution, shall be repaid, with lawful Interest, to the Person or Persons advancing the fame, out of the firlL Monies to be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this AG.

*P-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That Benjamin Weljlead, of Kimbolton tettMng ,h°er aforesaid, Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby appointed Auditor of the Commission- Commissioners* Accounts: And in case of his Death, or Refusal to act, eu. Accounts- some other fit and proper Person, not interested in the Premises, shall be appointed Auditor for that Purpose, by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors present, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose‘ of which the like Notice shall be given, as is herein-before directed to be given of the Commissioners’ Meetings, as often as Occasion shall require i And the Accounts of the said Commissioners containing a true Statement of all Sums by them received and expended, or due to them, for their own Trouble or Expences, shall, at least once in every Year, from the passing of this Act, until such Account shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined by the said Auditor; and the Balance by him Hated in the Book of Accounts to be- kept in the Office of the Clerk to the Commissioners; and that no Charge or Item in such Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by the said Auditor- as aforesaid.

graved, may

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person 6r- Perfc-ns shall appeal to ttie think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by any Thing done-id

Q.unr tr Sc - purfu;ince of the said Act of die Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, or

9 " of

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Gkf.2%. 539

of this Act, (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things, as are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, and also except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners, as are, by the said Act, or this Act, directed to be final or conclusive); then, and in every such Case, he, flic, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the said County of Huntingdon, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Twenty-one Days’ Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof: And the Justices, (not interested in the Premises,) in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Colls and Damages, as to them, in their Discretion, shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant, to levy the Colls and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, alter deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant,

Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere: And in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, the said Justices fiall' award such Colls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them, in their Discretion, shall seem reasonable.

XLI. Saving always, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs General Siy4 and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic ln£‘ and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the several Persons claiming Lands, Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in the said Commonable Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof; and also His Majesty, his Fleirs, and Successors, and his or their Leifee or Lessees, and the several other Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment shall be made; and except such other Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and his or their I.effec or I.effees, and other Persons, as the Intent and Purpose of the Inclosure hereby authorized, shall require to be absolutely barred, destroyed, or extinguished by this Act), all, such Estates, Rights, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them, had, or enjoyed, of, into, or in respect of the said Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could, or might have had or enjoyed, if tins Act had not been made.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act: shall be printed by the To, J5 Print"1 Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self 2.

Cap. 29.

An Act for amending, rendering more effectual, and continuing Parts of an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lighting, and cleaning the Streets, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned. [ 1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act £5t0,',&4° for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain e°’3* adjacent Lands; for paving lighting, and cleansing the Streets \ for regulating the Police, and appointing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Commissioners; and for raising Funds and g ving certain Powers to the Magistrates and Council and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purpf-s: And whereas the Provisions 01 the said Act, which have been carried into Execution, have produced the most beneficial Consequences to the said City and Inhabitants thereof, parti u-larly those Parts which relate to the Division of the said City into Districts or Wards, the Appointment of Commissioners for the said Wards, and of Officers, Clerks, Collectors, and Watchmen, and the laying on and levying of the Affefltnrnt therein directed. and hereinafter specified, which Parrs of she said Act are now near expiring: And whereas, it is of great Importance, and will promote the Security, Comfort, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said City, that those Parts of the said Act above reefed, which are not perpetual, should be continued, and the fame, and other Parts [Lee. id Per.] 6 2 thereof

546 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 29.

thereof amended: But as these I’urposes cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commont, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and in order to facilitate and assist the Execution thereof, the said City shall be divided into separate Wards or DistricT, and Commissioners thereof appointed in Manner herein afttr mentioned; and the said City is hereby accordingly divided into the following Wards, or Distrtfts, First Ward. videlicet, the First Ward comprehending the North Side of Trcngt.ti Street from the Cross to Candleriggs Street, the Ealt Side of that Street from Trcngate Street to Bell Street, the South Side of that Sireet from Candle-riggs St, ect to'High Street, and the West Side of that Street from the Cross Second Ward. (0 Bell Street, with all the intermediate Lanes and Bu;l.ings: 1 he Second Ward, comprehending the West Side of High Street from Bell Street to Grammar School Wynd, the North Side of Bell street from / igh Sti eet to Candleriggs Street, the South Side of Grammar School Wynd and ot Cannon Street ftom High Street 'o Candleriggs Street, a d the Eat! Side of that Street lrom Cannon treet to Je//S/r^/,withalltheintermedia c Lanes jnd buildings: The Third Ward. Third ard, comprehending the West Side of High Street from Grammar School Wynd 10 George Street, the North Side ot Grammar School Wynd and of Cannon Street, and of Ingram Strcetirom high Street to John Street, trie -.outh Side ot George Street from High Street to j ohn Street, and the Luff Side of that Street from George Street to Ingram Street, with all the intermediate Fourth Ward. Streets, Lanes, and Buildings: The Fourth Ward, comprehending the West Side of High Street from George Street to Rottcnrow Strut, the North Side oi George Street lrom High Street to John . treet, the "'outh Side ot Rotten-raw Street from High Street to John Street, and the East side ot that Street from Rot'cn ow Street to George Street, with all the inter ediate Streets, Fifth Ward. Lanes, and Buildings: The Filth Ward, comprehending the North S deof Trcngate Street ftonr Candleriggs Street to Glasfora Street, the A elt Side of Candleriggs St i ect fr< mTrongate Street to Ingram Street, the South 'ideot that Street from Candleriggs Street to Glasford Street, and the b aft Side of that St ret t lrom IngramStreet to TrongateStreet, with all ih~ in terrnediateStrteis, Sixth Ward. Lanes, and Buildings: The Sixth Ward, comprehending the North bide of Argyll Street from Glasford Street to Bluetn Street, the West Side of Glassford Street frorri Argyll Street to Ingram Street, the South Side ot that Street from Glassford Street to SJueen Street, and the East Side of that Street from Ingram Street to Argyll Street, with all the intermediate Seventh Wan! Streets, Lanes, and Buildings: The Seventh Ward, comprehending the North Side of ing-am Street from John Street to Sfeen Street, the West Side of John Street from Ingram Street to Rottenrow Street or Lane, the South Side of that Lane from John Street to the Road to Cowcaddens, and the East Side of Queen Street, and of the said Road tc Cowcaddens from Ingram Street to the said Lane, with all the intermediate Streets, Lanes, Eighth Ward, and Buildings: The Eighth Ward, comprehending the North Side of Argyll Street from Queen Street to the Boundary of the Royalty in that Direction, and the West Side of S>ucen Street, and of the Road to Cow-eaddens from y.Irgyll Street to the Bridge on that Road over Saint Enoctft Burn, with all the Streets, Lanes, and Buildings within the Royalty to the North and West of these Lines; and alsoall those Parts of the Royalty

situated

547

47° GEORG 11 IIL Sess. 2. Cap. 29.

situated to the West of the Road from the aforesaid Bridges to Port Dundas on the Cana), and to the West and South-west of the Canal ': The Ninth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Trongate Street from the Ninth Ward. Cross to King Street, the West Side of Saltmarket Str et from the Croft to Prince's Street, the North Side of that Street from Salt market Street to King Street, and t e haft Side of that Street from Trongate Street to Prince's Street, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings: 1 he enth Tenth Ward-Ward, comprehending the West Side ot Saltmarket Street from Prince s Street to the Green Dyke, the South Side of Prince's St/cet from Salt-market Street to King Street, and the haft Side ot that Street, and of Slaughterhouse L.cne from Prince's Street to the Green Dyke, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings: The Eleventh Ward, comprehending Eleventh the South Side of Trongate Street, from King Street to New Wynd, the Wari1-West Side of King Street and of Slaitgblerbouse Lane, from Trongate Street to the Green Dyke, and the East Side of New Wynd from T ongate Street to Bridgegate Street, with all the Intermed ate Lanes and Buildings; and ilfo the South Side of Bridgegate Street from Slaughterlmi/e Lane to the Old Bridge over the River Clyde, and all the 1 anes , and Buildings betwixt that Part of Bridgegate Street and the River; the Twehth Twelfth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Trongate Street from New 'VarJ*

Wynd to Old Wynd, the West: Side of New Wynd from Trongate Street to Bridgegate Street, the North Side of that Street from New Wynd to Old Wynd, and the East Side of Old Wynd from Trongate Street to Bridge-gate Street, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings: The Thirteenth Thirteenth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Trongate Street from Old Wynd v,r*rii-to Stockwell Street, the West Side of Old Wynd from Trongate Street to Bridgegate Street, the East Side of Stockwell Street from Trongate to Bridge-gate Street, and the North Side of that Street from Stockwell otreet to Old Wynd, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildi gs: The Fourteenth Fourteenth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Argyll Street from Stockwell W4rd-Street to Maxwell Street, the West Side of Stockwell Street from Arg)U Street to Clyde Street, the North Side of that Street from Stockwell Street to the Line of Maxwell Street, and the East Side of that Street from Argyll Street Southward, and of a Line continued in the fame Direction to Clyde Street, with all the intr rmediate Streets, Lanes, and Buddings;

The Fifteenth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Argyll Street and Fifteenth of Anderston Road, from Maxwell Street to the Boundary of the VV-uJ-Royalty, the West Side of Maxwell Street from Argyll Street Southward, and of a Line continued in the lame Direction to Clyde Street, with all the Stretts, Lanes, and Buildings within the Royalty, situated to the South and West of these Two Lines: The Sixteenth Ward, comprehend- Sixteenth ing the East Side of Saltmarket Street from the Cross to Saint Andrew's w rJ-Street, the North Side of that Street to the Burn, and the South S.de of Gallon-gate Street from the Crols to the Burn, with all the Lants and Buildings situated betwixt these Lines and the Burn: The Seventeenth sP»tnteenth Ward, comprehending all Sides of Saint Andrew's Square, with (he Lanes Ward, and Buildings betwixt that Square and the Green Dyke, the South Side of Saint Andrew's Street, and the East Side of Saltmarket Street from Saint And ew’s Street to the Greer Dyke, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings: The Eighteenth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Gal- Ei.hteenth low-gate Street from the Burn to Saint Mungo's Lane, both Sides of Char- ward* lotte Street, and all the other Lanes and Buildings betwixt the Burn and

54B

Ninreenth

Ward.

Twentieth

Ward.

Twenfy-firlV

Waid.

Twrntv-second Ward.

Tw's'y-third

Ward.

Twmty-luiuth WarJ.

CommilfioK. ers may alter Wards.

Resident C«m-ra flioi’ers tike appointed-

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 29.

the Grounds belonging to Saint Andrew's Square on the West, and Saint Mungo's Lane on the East: The Nineteenth Ward, comprehending the North Side of Gallowgate Street from the Cross to Spout mouth Lane, the West Side of that Lane to the Foot of the Old Vennal, the East Side of High Street from the Cross to the Head of Old Vennal, and the South Side of that Vennal till it join Spoutmouth I ane, whh all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings: The Twentieth Ward, comprehending the East Side of Spoutmouth Lane from Gallowgate Street to the College Grounds, and the North Side of Gallowgate Street from that Lane to the New Road from Gallowgate Street to Drygate Bridge, with all the Streets, Lanes, and Buddings to the North of that Part of Oallowgate Street and b-twix1 that Street and the College Grounds: The Twenty-first Ward, comprehending the North Side of Old Vennal, the East Side of High Street from that Vennal to Duke Street, and the South Side of Duke Street from High Street to the Burn, with all the intermediate Lanes and ffuiidincs, and also the Lanes and Buildings within the Royalty to the East of the Burn and to the North of the College Grounds, including the Parts about Drygat. Bri ge. Lady Well, and both Sides of the Road towards Cartyne Eastvard, to the Boundary of the Royalty: The Twenty-second Ward, comprehending the North Side of Duke Street from High Street to the Burn, the East Side of High Street from Duke Street to Drygate Street, and also the East Side of Kirk Street to Castle Street, and of C a file Street and of Howga'e, and the Road to Edinburgh by Kirkintilloch, to the Boundary of the Roy-dty in that Directioil, and the West S'de of the Burn from Duke Street Northward, with all the intermediate Strtets and Buildings, and whole Royalty, situated to the North thertoi, and to the East of the said Road: 'J he Twenty-third Ward, comprehending the West Side of Kirk Street, from Rottenrow Street Northward, and of Castle Street and Hcwgne, ard the Road to Edinburgh by Kirkintilloch, to the Boundary of the Royalty in- that Direction; the North dde of Rotten-row Street, and the Lane continued from it Westward, to the Cowcaddent Road\ and the East Side of that Road Northward, and of the Road to Port Duridas on the Canal, to the Boundary of the Royalty in that Direfition; with all the intermediate Lanes, Buildings, and Grounds, and the whole Royalty to the West of the said Kirkintilloch Road, and the North and East of the said Canal: The Tw enty-fourth Ward, comprehending the East Side of Saint Mungo's Lane, the South Side of Gallowgate Street, from that Lane to opposite the said Road from that Street to Dry gate Bridge, and both Sides of Gallowgate Street, from thence to Camlachte, or the Boundary of the Royalty in that Direction, inducting Craignejlock, and the other Streets and Buildings adjacent, and within the Royalty.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted. That it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the said City, and the other Commissioners herein after-named and appointed, to alter, vary, add to, or ditninish the said Wards, or any of them, in such Manner as the State of the Population thereof, or other Circumstances shall to the said Magistrates and other Commissioners appear from Time to 'lime to require.

III and be it enacted, That a CommifBoner residing within his own District or Ward, qualified and deified in Manner her,-in-afier directed,

shall

549

4.7" GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 29.

shall be appointed in each of the said Wards, with Power to him to take Lifts of Persons residing within his own Ward.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, who are not CommWTcn.

continued in Office in Manner herein-after provided, shall be elected on 0

the lad Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, by

a Majority of Votes of the Occupiers of Dwelling Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, and other Buildings within the respective Wards, valued in Manner herein affelled, atTen Pounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Rent, out of the Number of Householders within the District or Ward, whose Dwelling Houses, exclusive of those Parts occupied as Shops or Warehouses,are valued in Manner aforesaid, according to the following Rental; videlicet, In Wards where there are Fifteen Householders qualified as aforesaid, whose Dwelling Houses, exclusive of those Parts occupied as Shops or Warehouses, are valued in Manner aforesaid at Thirty Pounds Sterling and upwards of vrarly Rent, the Commissioner Hr such Ward shall be chosen from the Householders of the above Description, and no Person or Persons, in such Wards, whole yearly Rent so valued does not amount to the said Sum, shall be eligible to the said Office: In Wards where there are not Fifteen Householders qualified as aforesaid, but where there are Fifteen Householders, whole Dwelling Houses, exclusive of those Parts occupied as Shops or Warehouses, are valued in Manner aforesaid at Twenty-five Pounds Sterling and upwards of yearly Rent, the Commissioner for such Ward shall be elected from the c.lass last mentioned: In Wards where there are not Fifteen Householders qualified as aforesaid, but where there are Fifteen Householders, whose Dwelling Houses are valued in Manner aforesaid at Twenty Pounds Sterling and upwards, the Commissioner for such Ward shall be defied from the Clals L.ft mentioned: In Wards where there are not Fifteen Householders qualified as aforesaid, but w here there are Fifteen Householders, whose Dwelling Houses are valued in Manner aforesaid at Fifteen Pounds Sterling and upwards, the Commissioner for such Ward shall be elected from the Clal's lait mentioned: Provided always, that in Wards where there are not Fifteen Householders so qualified, the Commissioners thereof may be defied out of the Number of those whole Dwelling Houses are valued in Manner aforesaid at Ten Pounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Rent; and where Dwelling Houses and Shops are contiguous, and are possessrd by toe same Person, that One Half of the aggregate Rent of the whole Polldlion shall be accounted House, and the other Half Shop Renr.

j;!t t

V. And be it enacted, That the said Votes shall be given in each Ward Manner of fepaiatdy, by written Notes or Tickets subscribed by the Voters, spe- ^'mmission cifying their Names, Defoliations, and Qualifications, and containing ers.

the Names and Indignations of the Persons voted for, put into Boxes prepared for the Purpose, on the Day appointed foi each Election, which Brxes the Lord^Provoff, Magistrates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener of the 1 rades of the City, and the other Commissioners hereinafter appointed and continued in Office, shall, and they are hereby au- , thorizeJ and required to prepare in such Form as to them shall seem expedient, and to put up One of these Boxes in such Place, within each Ward, as to them shall feetn proper, and of which they shall give Eight ILoc. if Per.] 6 Z Days

|5<3 47° GEORGII III. &£ 2. Capl 2Q;

Days previous Notice by Advertisement, in Two or mere of the Glasgow Newspapers, in order that all concerned may have Acctfs to put their Notes or Tickets into the fame, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock Forenoon, and Four of the Clock Afternoon of the Day of Election, at which last Hour the Election shall be cl'fed, and the Boxes removed, and afterwards opened, and the Votes ferutinized, and the Commissioners declared by the said Lord Provoff, Magifl rates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener, and the said other Commissioners for the preceding Year, who shall determine, by a Majority of Votes et their own Meeting, in all Cases of Equality of Votes, for Commissioners: Provided always, that when arty Person shall have a Qualification in One Ward upon a Dwelling House, and in another Ward upon a Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, such Person shall vote and act in respect of the Dwelling House only; and that where any Person shall have Dwelling Houses affording a Qualification in different Wards, such Person shall Vote and act in respect of the House of greatest Value only.

Pena'tv on

VI. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons not qualified voSwho to V°T as herein provided, shall nevertheief- vote or attempt to vote at the suer.o said Elections, every Person so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceed-

uu.mfi d. jnjr l<’jve Founds Sterling for each ffence, tciics qucfics, which Forfeitures shall be levied and applied, in Manner hereinafter directed.

irCommit--

VII. And be it enacted, That in case any of the said Commissioners,

uame^ and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall refuse or regltct to accept the Office, and subscribe an Acceptance accordingly, cn bein: required so to-do by the Lord Provoit, Magistrates, , and oilier Commissioners herein appointed; or if any of the said Commissioners, so named and elected,/ball die, or shall cease to rsfide within the VVaids t>r Districts for which they are eluded, their Places which have thereby become vacant shall be supplied- by those qualified in Manner dCiesaid,- and elected in Manner after jneutioned.

Supplying V*-

VIII. And be it enacted, That when the Place of any the Commission-E'nViniiton-8 eTS shall become vacant, the Lord Proved!, or in his Absence the next ri. Senior Magistrate present in the City, shall, within Fourteen Days alter

such Vacancy or Vacancies may, happen, advertise in Planner before directed, an Election or Elections, to be made in Manner before appointed, not more than Four Days after the 2'ublication of die Advertisements, in order to choose a Commissioner or Commissioners (qualified i in Manner aforesaid) to supply the said Vacancy or Vacancies: Provided always, that notwithstanding his or their Removal to another Ward, such: Commissioners, if Itill resident within the City, may, if the Majority of the other Commissioners approve, continue, and have Power to act as Commissioners for the Wards for which they w'ere formerly elected, till the then next annual Election of Commissioners.

Difp<"e<l

IX. And be it enacted, That in case any Difptite or Difference shall

hottMo b«an"’ ar‘^e’ relal‘ve either to the Qualifications of die Eledors, or of the Persons decided. cleded, the same shall be determined by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener, a ’d the other Commissioners, whole 61 a Determination,

55*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 29.

Determination, or a Majority of them present, in all Cases shall be final and binding on all Persons concerned.

X. And be it enacted, That in case the Electors of any of the find Wards shall refuse or neglect to elect Commissioners for the fame, either upon the Paid last Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, or upon any other Day appointed by Authority of this Act, for electing Commissioners to upply Vacancies, that then, and in such Cases, it shall be lawful for, and in the Power of the said Lord Pro-volt, Magistrates, and other Commissioners herein after appointed, who shall have accepted their Offices, to nominate and appoint Commissioners, qualified in Manner before directed, for the said Ward, for which Elections have not been made; and these Persons, when so nominated and appointed, shall have and enjoy the fame Powers and Privileges, both as Commissioners of Wards, and as Commissioners for executing this Act, and shall remain the same Time in Office, as if they had been elected by the Possessors of Houses, Shops, Warehouses and other Buildings in their rel'peftive Wards, in the Manner herein first. directed.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Provost and Five Baillies, the Dean of Guild, and the Deacon Convener of the Trades of the said City, and the Commissioners of the said Twenty.four Wards, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for assessing, levying, and applying the Monies herein-after directed, to be raised for the Purposes of this Acr, for naming and appointing the Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers to be employed in the Execution thereof, for fixing their Salaries, for regulating the Manner of . watching, guarding, and pa rolling the Streets, for establishing Rules and Regulations foi the Direction ami Government of the Lid Watchmen, and for executing the other Matters specified in this Act, and committed to their Charge.

XII. And whereas, it isnecessary that the said Commissioners of Wards should remain in Office for such Period, as to enable them to acquire Experience and Knowledge of the Business hereby entrusted to them; be if therefore enacted, That the Commissioners who were chosen and appointed un. er the said recited Act, and who are at present acting in that Capacity, shall remain in Office till the last Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, when Eight of them shall, as being disqualified front Seniority, go out of Office, and Eight other Commissioners, qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places; and that on the last Monday of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, and on the last Monday of July annually thereafter, Eight of the senior Commissioners shall be disqualified and go out of Office by Rotation, and Eight other Commissioners, qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places, so that there may be an Election ot Eight Commissionerj each Year, and no more, except for supplying Vacancies.

XIII. Provided always, That Persons disqualified in Manner aforesaid, may be immediately le-elected into Office in the Option of their Constituents, in which case they shall come in as the youngest Commissioners, and shall be inrolled as such accordingly.

Electors neg-

le&ine or refilling to elect Commissioners, hoi» they are to be appointed.

Commission-ei s for exe-cutin* the Act appointed.

Elections of Commission-

CIS.

Commissioners may be

re-elected.

Surveyor* to

k Lilts uf kledors.

Surveyor to fturniUi Lilts.

Quo? urn of Coni niilioner».

Commissioners to !>c fuarmoned*

Meetings of the Ct-mmif-liorers to be held.

4f GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 29.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Surveyor to be appointed in virtue of this Act, MU and he is hereby authorized and required, within On® Month after he is elected, to make up exact Lids of the Persons in the respective Wards, who are qualified in Mannerafortsaid, to elector to he elected Commissioners; which Lilts lha.ll be entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose, and final I be open and patent to the Inspection of all Parties intereded at all reasonable Times; and the said Surveyor shall, from Time to Time, alter and amend the said Lifts according as the Circumstances and Situation of the Persons capable of electing, or being elected, may from Time to Time alter or vary.

XV. And be it enacted, That the said Surveyor final?. Ten Days previous to every Election of Commissioners, deliver to the said Lord Provost, or, in his Absence, to the next senior Magistrate present in the City, the Rental Book for the preceding Year, with an additional authentic Lift, subscribed determined by him, of the Electors and of those capable of being elected Commissioners; which Books and Lift shall contain the Nanus of all the Persons, in each of the Wards of the said City, in which an Election is to take place, capable of so electing or being elected, and final! at all reasonable Times be patent to any Commissioner requeding to inspect the lame.

XVI. And be it enacted, That any Seven of the said Commissioners shall be a Quorum, for transacting ordinary Business, but that no Money shall be assessed or voted for, and that neither the Servants, Clerks, Watchmen, or other Officers, shall be appointed, nor Salaries fixed, except at Meetings at which there shall be present a Majority of the Commissioners w ho have accepted their said Offices.

XVII. Provided a!so, and be it enacted, That the whole Commissioners refldetit in the City at the Time, shall be cited personally or at their Dwelling-houses, by written or printed Sumtr.or.fes, to attend all Meetings of the said Commissioners, and that the Lo:d Provost, and, in his Ah fence, the next senior Magistrate prefenr, and in Absence of a'l the Magistrates, a Person to be chosen by the Meeting, shall preside at all Meetings of the said Commissioners, and shall have both a deliberative and a casting Vote in all Mattersaud Questions which shall come before them.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That Four Quarterly Meetings of the said Magistrates and other Commissioners shall be held within the Police Office, or at such other Place within the City, as Iliad be appointed by the said Magistrates and other Commissioners, on the lad Monday in the Months of February, May, August, and November, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon, for putting this Act, and the Powers hereby committed to them, in Execution (beginning those Meetings on the I aft Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and seven) and that the Lord Provost, and in his Absence the next ftnior Magistrate, of the said City, aft;ng for the Time, shall cause the Whole of the said Commissioners resident at the Time in the City, to be summoned to attend the Paid (Quarterly Meetings personally, or at their Dwelling-houses, by written or printed Summonses, at kalt Twenty-four Hours previous to the T ine of Meeting.

47° GEORG 11 IIT. Sefll 2. Cap. 29. 553

XIX. And be it enacted, That besides the Four Quarterly Meetings before-mentioned, Weekly Meetings of the said Magistrates, and other Com- btlielllf* mitiioners, shall be held, for the Purposes of this Act, and particularly for the Purpose of ordering Payment of the Wages and Salaries of the inferior Officers and Servants, appointed under this Act, for inquiring into their Conduct and Behaviour, and for reprimanding or dismissing such of them as may have acted improperly, for inquiring into the State of the Lamps, and the C onduft of the Contractor or Contractors for lighting the fame, for hearing and giving Reports of the State of the respective Wards, in point of Cleanliness, and for other finvlar Purposes connected with the general good Order of the Police within the said City; and such Weekly Meetings Hull be held, upon any Day, which shall be appointed by the Majority of the f.iid Magistrates, and other Commissioners, and the said Magistrates, and other Commissioners, upon such Day being fixed, are required to attend the said Weekly Meetings, without any Summons or Warning.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Rules or Regulations R,1,es dial I be adopted, or carried into Execution, at the said Weekly Meetings, Meair^not which shall tend to alter or annul any Regulations, which may have been tannul ihofe made and framed at any of the Quarterly Meetings. teriy liett-*'

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or a Majority Meetings may of them, present at any of the said Meetings, may adjourn to the beadjourned, lame or any other Place within the said City, which they may think necessary or proper for executing the Powers vested in them by this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Lord Provost, and in his Absence Other Meet-the next senior Magistrate, of the said City, acting for the Time, shall upon cafled"*' b* Requifirion being made to him, under the Hands of any Four of the said Commissioners, appoint Meet ngs of the said Commissioners to be held

within Forty-eight Hours of such Requisition, and to cause the whole Commissioners to be summoned to attend the said Meetings in Manner aforesaid; and it shall be in the Power of the said Lord Provost, and in his Absence of the next senior Magistrate of the said City, acting for the Time, to appoint other Meetings of the said Commissioners, to be held at such Times and Places within the said City, as may to him seem necessary cr expect ent for the above Purposes, the whole Commissioners being always summoned to attend those Meetings in Manner aforesaid.

XXIII. And in order to raise a Fund for defraying the Expence of the Fund t«b« F.stablishment of a Master of Police, Superintendant of Fire Engines, ra;fid* Collector, Treasurer, Clerks, Servants, Firemen, Watchmen, and"other

proper Officers, and for the other necessary Purposes of this Act; be it enacted, That the said Lord Provost and Magistrates, and other Com-nvffioners herein after named, shall be, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon the lait Monday mAuguJl annually, beginning upon the l ift Monday in August One thousand eight hundred and leven, to a fiefs upon all Renters, Occupiers, or Possessors of Dwelling Houses,

Cellars, Shops. Warehouses and other Buildings and Pertinents thereof, within the said City and Royalty, subject to Payment of Cess or Land 'lax, and rented or valued at Four Pounds and under Six Pounds U.cc o Per.] 7 A 13 Sterling

$54-

Rfcoverr of Kite*.

47° GEORGII III. Seflf.2. Cap. io.

Sterling yearly, an annual Assessment not exceeding Five-pence in the Pound Sterling; on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects, rented or valued at $:x Pound? and under Ten Pounds Sterling yearly, an annusi Assessment not exceeding Seven-pence Halfpenny in tire Pound Sterling; on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects, rented or valued at Ten Pounds and under fifteen Pounds Sterling yearly, sn annual Afeffment not exceeding Eleven-pence Fa'thing in the Pound Sterling yearly; and on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects, rented or valued at Fifteen Pounds Sterling yearly or upwards, an annual AssefTmenc not exceeding One Shilling and 1 hree-pence in the Pound Sterling; and foin Proportion for lesser Sums, as the same shall (land rated in the Rent Roll, according to which the Cess or Land Tax is levied and collected, or (in the Option of the said Magistrates and other Commiihoners) in the Rent Roll, according to which the Duty on Dwelling Houses is levied and collected, cr partly from the One and partly from the other of the said Rent Rolls, as to the said Magiffrates and Coininiilioners may seem expedient; or so much of the said Sums as the said Magistrates and Commissioners shall judge necessary to act’efs and lay on for the said Service at the Time, which annual Assessment shall be calculated lor ihe current Year, fr-.ni Whi fund art to Whitsunday annually, upon the aggregate or accumulated Krnt ot ea h Person’s Possession, and shall be payable in the Proportions and at the Times to be appointed by the said Magistrates and Commissioners, and flra 1 be levied and collected by the Person or Persons appointed by the said Magistrates and Commissioners, or a Ouo-rnm of them lor collecting of which Assessment such Allowance shall be made as the said Magiltrares and Commissioners shall judge proDer; and the said Person or Pcflb: s appointed by the said Magistrates and Commissioners, or a Qtrorutn of diem, are hereby empowered and required to levy, collect, and afterwards pay over the said Assessments to the said Magistrates and Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Periods as they shall appoint.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Particulars of all the Tenements, subject to Payment of the said Assessment (such as Shops or Warehouses) shall not be contained in any of the said Two Rent Rolls, that it shall be lawful for and in the Power of the said Magistrates and other Commissioners, to ascertain the yearly Rent or Value of those Tenements, and in case the said Assessment shall not be laid on apd levied to the lull Amount of the Rates before specified, the fame Proportions on the different Gaffes of Rents shall lie observed as is before specified, with regard to the aforesaid highest Assessments; and if any Person or Persons so rated and assessed shall refuse or r.egled to pay the Rates or Assessments charged upon him, her, or them, for the Space of Fourteen Da s next after such Rates or Assessments shall be due and demanded, and Notice given by general Advertisemens, in all the Glafpw Newspapers, and by Tuck of Drum through the said City, then and in such Cale it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors to apply to any of the said Magistrates for a Warrant to any of their Officers, to enter his, her, or their Houl'e or Hmif-s and to seize and rake Possession of his, her, 'o. their Goods and Effects, and which Warrant the said Magiffraid is hereby authorized to grant, upon a Certificate figued by the Collector or Collectors of such Demand

having

555

4./® GEORGII III. SefiV2. Cap. 29.

having been made, of such Notice having been given, and of such Person or Persons being in Arrear, to the Amount stated in such Certificate; and if ft>ch Rates or Assessment shall not be paid within Three Days next after such Seizure is made, together wiih r'ne Costs or Charges thereby incurred, then the Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorized to fell by Public Roup, at the Cross of GLfgovi* or such other Place as may appear proper, such Part of the said Goods and Effects as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rates or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Seizure and Sale, returning the Surplus, if any be, to the said Owner or Owners; the Costs or Charges to be ascertained by the Magistrate who shall issue the said Warrant.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said Magistrates and other Commit-- Powrn of sioners herein-before named and appointed shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and required, at their Quar- Commission-terly Meeting to be held on the last Monday of August annually, to af- 'Jr’tring'ani certain and lay on the Assessment to be levied from the Renters, Occu- ievyng pier% and Possessors of the Houses, Cellars, Shops, Warehouses, and

other Buildings before described, and also to ascertain the Sums of Money to be expended for the Purposes of this Act for the then current Year, and that it shall not be lawful for nor in the Power of the said Com-Tnissioners, or any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to levy or expend any Monies by virtue of this Act, unless the same shall have been previously assessed and laid on, and the Expenditure thereof voted determined by the said Commissioners; and that the said Magistrate, and other Commissioners shall he fub'eft to and liable in Payment of the said Aflelfmems for the Houses, Cellars, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings rented or possessed by them; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, That Proprietors and Life-Renters shall only be p^nvifort and liable in Payment of the said Assessments for the Houses, Cellars, Te.amsonly Shops, Warehouses, and other BuiLings occupied and possessed by them-

selves and’their Servants, but nor for those occupied and possessed by their Tenants, from whom only the said Assessments for their respective Possessions shall be recovered in Manner aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Vintner, Inn-keeper* Exemptions Tavern-keeper, or Coffeehouse keeper, shall be assessed in a higher Sum fr""‘ annually, under the Authority of this Act, than Ten Pounds Sterling

yearly, for the Houses, Tenements, and Pertinents thereof possessed by him in the Way of his Business, whatever the Rent of his Possessions shall be; and that no Assessment shall be levied for Gardens and arable Grounds lying within the said City or Royalty thereof, or for empty or waste Houses which are not occupied and possessed by the Proprietors thereof, or by their Tenants.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any Question or Dispute shall Qiifftiomasta arise relative to the Houses, Buildings, Cellars, Shops, and Warehouses. ^ii. ms, which are claimed to be exempted from the aforesaid Assessments, or rela- by M?gu!de<1 live to the Amount of the Assessments, or the Valuation of the said Sub- '

556

CorrvnitfloB'

t‘ :*ny r.p-

pmnt f'ol-ltrfl ts or Treuiur us.

Boults to be kept.

Other Books to be kept.

4.70 GEORGII III. Ten; 2. Cap. 29.

jests, and the Expence of cleaning the Foot Pavements and Clolls in the said City, that the same shall be determined by Decrees to be given under the Hands of the said Magistrates, or any Two of them.

XXIX. Andbcit enacted, That the said Comm i (lion ers shall have Power to appoint a Collector or Collectors, Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers, for levying, receiving, and paying nway the Monies to be raised determined by virtue of this Act, and for keeping their Book? and Records, and for other Purposes aforesaid, and to rent or hire a (efficient Office for holding their Meetings and trafficking th( ix Bufind's, and also to appoint fni’able Salaries to the said Collectors, Treasurers, or Clerks, and to agree for and pay a reasonable Rent (or the said Office out of the said F inds, and that the said Collectors or Treasurers shall find fufli-crent Security to the said Magistrates arid other Commissiones for their _ respective lntrotnifiions, with the Funds which they shall be empowered to levy' and collect.

XXX. And be it 'nafted. That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the fai l C'lmrtiiffiohers, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, whftein shall be fairly entered an Account of what Monies have been levied and paid by w tueof this Act, and in what Manner 'he fame have been applied; and that the said Books shall be regularly fitted and balanced yearly, on the (art Monday of July immediately preceding the Ele 'ion of the said Conrniifiioners, the first Balance to be (truck, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, from which a State of the Payments and Disbursetnents for the preceding Year shall be made out and printed! on or before the Second Monday of Augkft annually, after the Books are balanced, and a Copy thereof shall he delivered to each of the Commissioners, and the Members of the Town Council, Merchants and Trades Houses, and shall be 1 dged in the Council Chamber of the said City, whtrp it shall remain for Six Weeks, during which Time it shall be open to the inspection of every Burgess of the said City, and other Person contributing to the aforesaid Assessments, without Fee or Reward, and tbali also be published once in each of the Glasgoa, New!-papers.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall keep, orcaufetobe kept, a Book or Books, in which shall be engrossed, or written. Minutes of all their Transactions, with the Amount of the Salaries and Emoluments paid to the said Matter of Folic-, Superintendant of Fire Engines, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, Collectors, I reaTurer, and other Officers app inted by the said Commissioners, which Book or Books shall, at all reasonable Times be open to the inspection of every Burgess of the said City, and Persons contributing to the aforesaid Assessments, who shall and may peruse and inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and that it shall be competent to the Town Council, Merchants House, a.nd Trades House of the said C ty, or any One of them, to bring Actions against the said Commissioners, or to the Commissioners for the Time being, gr a Majority of them, to bring Actions against their Predecessors in Office, before the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland, in case jhp/ fjgtjl ejnjjezzle, squander, or niifapply any of the Funds v tiled in them by virtue of this Act, provided that such Action or Actions shall be

commenced

557

4"0 GEORGII III. SciT.2. Caf. 29.

commenced within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence prosecuted for shall be alledged to have been committed.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Monies to be ratfed by virtue of Monies veftea this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Magistrates

and other Commissioners to be named and appointed in Manner herein how to be riirested, and thar all such Monies shall be applied, laid out, and expended at’FlieJ* in defraying the Establishment of Master of Police, Superintendant ot Fire Engines, Colltftor, Treasurer, Clerks, Surveyor, Firemen, Servants,

Watchmen, and other Officers to be appointed in virtue of this Act, and to the other Purposes committed to the said Commissioners by this Act, and to no other Purposes whatever; and in case any surplus Monies shall remain, afrer properly executing the Purposes aforesaid, upon settling the Accounts thereof at the End of each Year, the same shall be applied towards the fame Purposes for the Year following, so that the aforesaid Assessments shall be thereby proportionally diminished.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said °flcrt I.ord Provost, Magistrates, and other Commissioners herein named, and and other they are hereby empowered and required to appoint a Mailer of Police, Oflkeistohe Stipet intendanr of Fire Engines, Clerk, Collector, Treasurer, and such a*,lKJl,ue"*

a Number of Officers of Police and Firemen as m iy seem to them to be proper, during their Pleasure, to act under the Authority and Orders of the said Magistrates, or any One of them, for executing the Matters committed to them by this Act, and for regulating the Police, and for preferring good Order and Peace in the said City.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said surveyor and Lord Provost, Magistrates, and other Commissioners herein named, and uappoTn-ed? they a. e hereby authorized and required, to nominate and appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors for the Purposes mentioned in this Act, and also to appoint such a Number of Watchmen as they shall judge necessary, for guarding, patrolling, and watching the Streets of the said City, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the said Magistrates and other Commiiaoners snail appear proper and expedient.

XXXV. And tie it enacted, That the said Lord Provost and Magistrates Master of shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized, to appoint the said officers"^ Mailer of Police, anc! other Officers to be named by them, and the other be madVspe-Commissioners as aforesaid, Special Constables, for the Purpose of attend- c' Con (table* ing the said Magistrates, and executing the Warrants or Sentences to be pronounced by them, in virtue of this Act, and for the Other Purposfis of At* this Act, and with all the Powers belonging to Constables by the Law of Scotland.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the public Streets, and Squares, public Scavengers t* Passages, and principal Places, and also the Foot Pavrments within the faiil >utet5» City (provided it shall appear expedient to the said Magistrates and other Commissioners to take charge of the cleaning of the said Foot Pavements) shall be sweeped and cleansed by Persons to be hired by the said Magis-tr-tes anJ other Commissioners herein named, in Manner her in directe i, and that the Expence thereof shall be defrayed from the rued- provided by this Act.

[Lac. & Per.] 7 B

5SB

Scavengers tQ be ipgointed.

Duty of Matter of Police, Clerk, ,nd ether Ointerj.

Penalty of obstructing Per.oiis employed in the Execution of tbit Ail.

47° GEORGlI III. SbflX A Cap. 29.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, 'l'hat it shall and may be lawful for the Ma-gift rates of the said City, and other Commissioners herein named, at all Times to contract with or employ Scavengers, or other Person', to cleanse and sweep the public Streets, Squares, Pafidges, and principal Places within the City, and also the said Foot Pavements, if they shall think proper, and immediately to order to be removed and carried from ihence ail Soil, Dirt, Allies, and Filth, to collect The lame into Heaps, and afterwards to remove them to such Place and Places as the said Magistrates and Commissioners shall appoint; anti that it shall and may be lawful to them to sell or dispose of, as public Property, the said Soil, Dirt, Aihes, and Filth for Manure, to such Person or Persons as may be willing to purchase the fame; and the Money thence arising shall make Part of the F’unds to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Duty of the said Mailer of Police, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to aid and affilt the Magistrates of the said City, in apprehending, detecting, and bringing to Justice, Persons guilty of Street Robberies, House-breakings, Assaults, Theft, Reset of I heft, Shop-lifring, picking Pockets, Swindling, Breaches of the Peace, and other Crimes, by causing the Persons accused thereof to be appre* hended and imprisoned upon legal Warrants, and proceeded againli in Terms of Law s in apprehending and putting the Law into Execution against Vagabonds, Vagrants, idle and disorderly Persons, and public and sturdy Beggars, and other Persons who follow no lawful Employment or Occupation, in suppressing disorderly Public Houses, and other Houses frequented by Persons of the foregoing Descriptions, in suppressing Mobs and Riots; in assisting to extinguish Fires; in putting the Laws in Execution, by which Carters, Owners, and Drivers of Carts and other Carriages, are prohibited from leaving the fame on the Streets, Roads, and Passages, and riding on their said Carts and Carriages, and driving them, or Hordes or other Cattle, furiously and improperly cn the Streets; in seeing that the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, and other Places are properly lighted and cleansed; in keeping in good order the public Markets of the said City, and the Persons resorting to and dealing the rein; in guarding, patrolling, or watching the Streets; and in general, in aiding and assisting the Magistrates in ail Matters relative to regulating the Police, and preserving the Peace and good Older of the said City, and executing the different Purposes of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person Or Persons shall, at any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or moled, any Officer, Watchman, or other Person, who shall be employed in the Execution of his or their Duty under *ms Act, every Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling for the first Offence, Two Pounds Sterling for the Second Offence, and Three Pounds Sterling for the Third a; d every subsequent Offence; and if any Person or Person’s (IniI admit or (trike any Officer or Officers, Watchman or Watchmen, Person or P. rfons, employed in the Performance of his or their Duty 'under this Act, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and (jay' ahy Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Two ptUmds Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner, herein-after directed and appointed. fesiisrib

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. 559

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be in the Power of the said Magistrates, and other Commissioners herein after appointed, or a nissioners. Quorum of them, to appoint suitable Salaries or Allowances to he paid to the said Mailer of Police, Superintendant of Fire Engines, Collector,

Clerk'. Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, and to pay the neoeL fary Expences incurred by them in the Execution of the Duty of their respective Offices, and the other necessary Charges and Expences of the aforesaid Establifiinient, from the Funds to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XLI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, 5 r’tto in case the said Commissioners shall not judge it expedient to take the ^iVeu.e. cleansing of the said Foot Pavements under their own Management, every Person or Persons who shall possess the Shops, or whrre there are no Shops, who shall inhabit the First Floor of any Dwelling House, or other House or Building adjoining to and fronting the Foot Pavements within the said City, shall cause the fame, along the Front of their ref'peciive Shops and Property, to be fwent, feraped, and cleansed, once every lawful Day, between the Hours of Eight and Nine in the Morning; and every Person or Persons who shall possess the said First Floor, or where there are no Tenants therein, w ho shall possess the Second Floor of any such Dwelling House or Building, shall cause the Pavement in Front of the Entry or Passage to such Dwelling House, and also the said Entry or Passage itself to be in like Manner fweot, feraped, and cleaned, once every lawful Day, between the said Hours of Eight and Nine in the Morning; and if they, or any of them, fail so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, or any One of them, to decern in a summavy Manner such PoffclTors and Proprietors, to pay any Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence, to be levied in Manner herein after directed; and in case any Dispute shall arise among the Possessors or Occupiers of the Shops, Houses, or Property adjoining the said Foot Pavements, or the said Entries or Passages, relative to the cleaning, feraping, and sweeping the fame, it shall and may be lawful to the said Magistrates, or any one of them, to inquire into the Matter, and determine the fame; and that where the Possessors of Shops, or Inhabitants of the First Floors or Stories of Dwelling Houses, sweep, ferape, and clean the Foot Pavements and Entries or Passages in Manner aforesaid, they shall have Relief against the Inhabitants of the Upper Floors or Stories of these Houses, for a Proportion of the Expence of so doing, corresponding to the Valuation of their respective Possessions as rated in the said Rent-roll, which Proportion shall, in case of Dispute, be determined and decerned for by tl.e said Magistrates, or any Two of them.

XLII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, ciofo, &c. the whole Closes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares, within the Lid City, which tf> cleaned are not cleaned and swept by Scavengers, appointed under the Autho- l>>'ProtIletor*-rity of this Act, shall be kept clean and clear of all Dung, Filth, or Rubbifti, and shall be swept and cleaned out by the Proprietors thereof, at least Twice each Week; and in case the Owners or Proprietors of such Closes, or of the Houses and Buildings therein, shall not so sweep and keep clean the said Closes, they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed.

566

WMe Proprietors to contribute to cleaning.

Pro/ifo as Proprietors, who ate by their Title Deed* bound to clean Cloles. Houses, an.I Shops to he numbered ami Streets tc be named.

Lamps may be ailixed to Hou.'es.

PenaPy of breaking Lamps wilfully.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. *g.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That where the said Closes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares, or Houses and Buildings therein, belong to more Proprietors than one;, the several Proprietors shall be obliged tode'ray the Fxpsnfenf sweeping and cleaning the iliidClofes, in Proportion to the Value of their t< spective Proper, ties; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall occur among such Proprie. tors,telativeto their Proportionot the said Expences, it shall and may be lawful to the said Magistrates, or any One of them, after heating (he Parties concerned, by a Decree to be pronounced by them or him, to determine tba Amount and Proportion to be paid by each Proprietor, and to decern for the fame in a fumtnaryManner, which Determination shall be final an ! binding on the Parties: Provided always, That where any One or more of such Proprietors are by their Title Deeds, or otherwise, burdened with the Expence of iweeping and < leaning the said Closes, he, she, or they, shall still continue to be subject to that Burden.

XLIV. And be it cnnfted, That the Magistrates of the said City, or any One of them, shall ;nd may order and direct the Houses, Buildings, Shops, or Warehouses within the said City and Royalty thereof, to be numbered with Figures, to be placed or painted on the Doors, or on such other conspicuous Part thereof, as the Proprietors shall think proper, and may likewise order to be painted or otherwise in (it ri bed on a conlp cuous Part of some House or Building at or near the End or Comer of each Street, Square, Lane, Passage or Place, the Name of such Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Place; and any Person or Persons who shall wilfully and rnaliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pav a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner hetein-after described; provided always, that when any of the said Numbers may be unavoidably defaced in consequence of the Shop, Door, Wall, or other Place on which the fame is marked being new paintt d, the Possessors or Proprietors of the said Shop, Door, or Wall, shall and they are hereby required to replace the said original Number in a Character easily legible where it formerly was, or in some other conspicuous Place, and that within Ten Days after the fame has been so defaced, under the like Penalty for each Offence, to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to, and in the Power of the said Magistrates and other Commissioners herein named, to order the Lamp Irons and Lamps in the said City to be fixed on the Houses and other Buildings on the Sides of the Streets, upon indemnifying the Proprietors or Potfeffors for any Damage thereby done to the said Houses and other Buildings.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, or throw down any Lamp or Lamps which now are or hereafter shall be fee up, within the Limits of the City or Royalty, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Iron or Appurtenances thereof, it shall and may be lawful far any Perfop who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey ana. deliver such

Offender

47° GEORGII III. Scir.2. Cap. 27. 561

Offender or Offenders itro the Custody of a Pi ace Officer, in order to be fecune-J and conveyed before One of the Magistrates of the said City and if the Par'y or Parties accused of such Offence, whether apprehended as aforesaid, or afterwards cited for the fame, shall be convicted thereof, either by their own Confession, or by le^al F.vidence according to the Law of Scotland, such Offender or Offenders Ih ill forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifteen Pounds Sterling for every Offence; anJ tn reover shall make Satisfaction for the Damages done; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately on Conviction pay such Forfeiture and make such Satisfaction, such Magistrate is herthy empowered to commit him, her, or them, to the Bridewell of the said City, for a Space not exceeding Two Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of that Time, ualeff such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XI.VII. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall acci- Snisfaction to dentally break, throw down, or damage any of the said Lamps, or the for

Irons or Appurtenances thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any of the La mps acci-said Magistrates to award such Sum or Sums of Money by the way of ete.itaiiy. Satisfaction for such Damages as such Magistrate shall think reasonable, provided the said Sum shall not exceed the real Damage sustained by such Accident, besides the Expence incurred in recovering the fame; and in cale cf Neglect or Refusal of the said Person or Persons to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within One Day after it is demanded, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods; the Surplus (if any) to be paid to such Person or Persons.

XLVlfi. And be it enacted, That the Magistrates of the said City, and the Commifr.on-orher Commissioners herein named, shall and they are hereby required, *r‘*"tak.e from and after the passing of this Act, to take under their own Charge jfc.under"' ’ and Management all the Fire Engines, Pipes, and other Appurtenances their charge, 'used in the said City for ex'inguishing Fires, and name and appoint a Superintendant of Fire Engines, and other proper Persons to take Charge of the said Engines, Pipes, and other Appurtenances, with such Number cf active Men as they shall think fit and expedient for working the fame in a proper Manner, and for afiiliing in exfihguishing Fires which may happen in the said City or Liberties thereof; and they are also hereby authorised to make such Rules and Regulations for the said Persons as lo them shall seem proper; and the Expence of keeping and maintaining the said Engines,’ Pipes, and Appurtenances, and paying the said Firemen,

shall be defrayed from the Funds raised by virtue of this present Act.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Proprietor or Occupier of any Dwell- Premium to >ng House, Shop, Warehouse, Workshop, or other House or Tenement F,remcu-whatsoever, in which a Fire breaks on: or takes place, shall pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, which may be expended at the Sight of any Two of the said Magistrates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener of the Trades of the said City, in paying Premiums or Wages to the Persons who may assist in exringuifning the said Fire, by biinging to the Spot Fire Engines, and a Supply of Water, or other-wile in Inch Man-ier and Proportions as the said Magistrates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener, may judge fit; the said Money to be [Lee. Cj? £er.] 7 C recovered

562

Emulation* as r..gunpowder.

Water to be conveyed from Pipes to the Common Sewer.

3^guTations as to Hackney Coachmen, Porters, See.

Travelling

Merchant?,

Auctioneer#,

See. to pay A^eliment.

47° GEORGII III. Sell, 2. Cap. 2q.

recovered by the Prosecutor to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it enacted, That no Gunpowder shall be fold within the said City by Candle Light, or before Sunrifing, or after Surfet, under a Penalty not exceeding One found Sterling, to be paid f r each Offence, determined by the Person or Persons felling the fame; to be levied and applied in Manner herein-afttr ciirested.

LI. And be it enacted, That the Owners or Proprietors of Houses or Buildings in the said City, who are by the said recited Act bound and required to convey the Water from their Houses and Buildings by a Pipe or Pipes in Manner mentioned in the said Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be obliged to make a Cu: or Gutter in the Stone Pavement, from the Termination of the said Pipe or Pipes for carrying off the Water therefrom into the Common Sewer; and in case any of the said Proprietors shall fail or refuse so to do upon being required, any of the said Magi ft rates are hereby empowered and authorized to order the said Work to be done at the Expence of such Proprietor; and also to fine him. her, or them in any Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling for such Failure or Refusal,

LU. And be it enacted, That no- Hackney Coachman or Chairman, Carter, Porter, or any other Person or Persons of a similar Description, who fnali ply or work on the Streets of the said City for Hire, shall from and after the passing of this Act be allowed to ply on the Streets of the said City with Hackney Coaches, Sedan Chairs, or Car s, or ro work as Porters, Carters, or exercise other similar Employments, without first entering their Names and Places of Residence in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, within the Town Clerk’s Chambers of the said City, and without first giving Bond respectively, with sufficient Cautioners, for the faithful and honest Discharge of their Duty, under such Penalty as to the said M.igistrates shall seem proper; and if any Person shall act in any of the Capacities befote-ment oned without first so regillering their Names and Places of Residence and finding Caution, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in Manner herein after directed.

LIII. And be it enactc That all Travelling Merchants, Auction ecr and others, who shall take up a temporal) Residence in the said City, for the Purpose of clilpofin: of Merchandize, Goods, and other Efftfts, and who in Prosecution of such Bufintfs occupy a Shop, Warehouse, or other Place for difpefing of the said Goods within the said City, shall pay the Assessments before mentioned, corresponding to the Possession occupied by them for the current Year, for which they shall be charged with such Assessment, whether they continue to occupy such Possession for a whole Year or for a less Period; and they shall also be liable in like Manner in Payment of the Assessment for the Maintenance of the Poor, of Tra'des’ Stent, or Cess, and such other Public and Parochial Taxations as the Burgesses and Inhabitant* of, the said City are liable to pay^ the said Petfens during their Residence in the said City being entitled to the

Protection

47° GEORGII III. Scfl.2. ' Cap/iq. $63

Profefti.m afforded by this present Act, in the same Manner a- the other Inhabitants.

LIV. And be it enacted, That no Children born of Parents confined ChiMren of in the Tolbooth of G/afgow, or in Bridewell, or of Parents who have fi*cdto jSl* been admitted into the Infirmary, or into any Lvirtg-in Hospital, or ijito *c. not to any Charitable Institution within the said City,1 shall by such their Birth ^!^",8et* acquire a legal Settlement within the said City, or in ahv of the Parities thereof, unless they have in other Respects a legal Right to such Settlement.

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and competent for any of the said Magistrates to shorten the Period of any Person’s Con- shorur'rrahe finement in Bridewell by virtue of this Act, or otherwise, upon being Period of satisfied of the good Behaviour of such Person during his or her Con- in°yr*a. finement, and that he, she, or they shew Matks of Penitence and Amendment.

LVI. And be it enacted. Thar in all Prosecution' against Offenders who proft.cut'on* shall have transgressed against any of the Provisions of this Act, where'to bc "nied the Punishment shall not exceed Thirty Days Confinement in Bridewell, m’ary Man-' or the Fine to be imposed shall not exceed Two Pounds Sterling, the '‘deprocedure against such Offenders may be of a summary Nature, without any written Pleadings; it being hereby provided, that a Record shall be preserved of the Charge and of the Judgement pronounced against such Offenders, and that the said Judgement or Sentence shall be pronounced in Presence of One of the legal AfTdTois of the said Magistrates.

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates Magistrates and other Commissioners, or a Majority of them, at any Meet- a.1'd Commis. ings to be held for that Purpose, at any Time or Times after the passing of mTkeVye this Act, to make, ordain, and establish Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, Laws, for the better executing this and the before recited Act; and also from Time to Time, a^ Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, and amend or alter, such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws as to them shall seem necessary and expedient, and to enforce the fame by pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that none of the said Regulations shall become valid or take Effect till they be ratified and confirmed by the Magistrates and Town Council of the said City in Council assembled, and published in the Newspapers, and printed and put up in the mod conspicuous Places of the said City; and also, that no such Regulation shall be repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or to any Thing in this Act contained.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Magistrates and Town Council Sum to be shall, from the common and ordinary Funds of the Community of the ^tr^-uleci laid City, add annually to the said Assessments a Sum not less than Fundstoward* Light hundred Pounds Sterling, by Half-yearly Payments, beginning at ,heE*pencps the Tefrn ot Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and seven; and that th^Aftl" 8 all Monies arising from the said Assessments, and the said Addition thereto, shall be applied, laid eur, and expended annually, in lighting and cleanfin<r

the

56+

Actions competent, by the Procurator Filcal.

Penalties tinder Twenty Shillings, how to be lccov-ered.

Penalties above One Pound, how to he rccoy. cted.

Application of Penalties.

4,7° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 29.

the public Streets, Lanes, Passages, Squares, and other principal Place* within the Laid City, including Charlotte Street, and others in similar Circumstances and Situations, in defraying the Expence of the aforesaid Establiflimgnt of Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, and of the other Purposes of this Act, and for no other Purpose whatever.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the Procurator Fiscal of the Burgh and Dean of Guild Courts of Glasgow for the Time being to bring Act ops, and Execution ffiail pass at his Indance for Performance of all and each of the Obligations, and for levying and recovering all and each of the Penalties herein-before specified.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, or any One of them, to decern in a summary Manner for the ievera! Penalties, Damages, and Expences imposed by this Act (the M.mner of levying or recovering svhereof is not otherwise hereinbefore particularly directed); and in case the Penalty or Forfeiture be not immediately paid, the said Magistrates, or any One of them, where the Sum decerned for does not exceed One Pound Sterling, shall, and they are hereby empowered to commit the Person or Persons refuting to Prison far any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties, Damages, and Expenses, and the Charges incurred in levying or recovering die fame ffiail b: sooner paid and satisfied.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That when the Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Expences decerned for ffiail exceed the Sum of One Pound Sterling, it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, or any One of them, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, by their own Confession, or by legal Evidence, according to the Law of Set land, in case the Offender or Offenders ffiail not immediately pay the Sums decerned for, to cause the same to be recovered and levied by Dist.efs and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods and Effects, by Warrant under the Hand of any One of the said Magistrates, and after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, the Surplus, if any, arising by such Sale, shall be paid to such Person or Persons; and in case sufficient Good'; and Effects ffiail not be found, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrates to cause such Person or Persons to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said City, therein to continue for a Time not exceeding Twenty Days unless the Sums of Morey so decerned for, and all reasonable Charges, shallbs sooner paid and satisfied: Provided always, that in all Cases where the said Magistrates are empowered to decern for the Expence of any Works or Operations, or of any other Expences, Sums of Money, Damages, or Penalties, under the Authority of this Act, it ffiail be lawful for them, and in their Power also to decern for the Costs of Suit, over and above such Expences, Sums of Money, Penalties, and Damages.

LXII. And be it enacted, That the Whole of the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeit ures enacted by the before-recited Act and this Act, ffiail in the first Place be applied in Payment of the Expences incurred in prosecuting Offenders against the said Act and this Act, and the Balance ffiail be paid into and make part of the Funds under the Dirtdion of the Magiiiraici and Commissioners for the Purposes cf this Act.

9

47° GEORGGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 29.

55

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the Forfeitures and Penalties which may be imposed in virtue of this Act, in case Actions for the Recovery of them be not commenced within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Time the Fafts by which they are incurred have been committed, fin 11 cease to be of any Effect, and the Person or Persons who shall have so offended shall not be liable to be prosecuted for such Penalties or Forfeitures."

LXIV. And be it enacted, That no Action shall be commenced against the said Magistrates and other Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons Actions, for any Thing done in the Execution of this Act, after Three Calendar Months from the Time the Fast is committed, and the Defender or Defenders in such Action or Process may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done by Authority, and in virtue the-eof, and if they shall appear so to be done, then and in that Cafe the said Defender or Defenders shall be affoilzied from such Action or Process and the Pursuer or PuTuers in such Action shall be found liable to pay the said Defender or Defenders the whole Expences of Process incurred by the said Defender or Defenders: Provided always, that it shall be competent to bring Actions against the said Magistrates and other Commissioners hereinbefore named, for embezzling, squandering, or misapplying the Funds hereby vested in them at any Time, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence prosecuted lor shall be alledged to have been committed.

LXV. Provided always, and be it enacted That nothing in this Act Swing j Tif-contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to take away, abridge, or diminish any Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, and Powers which now andDCounnl belong to and are enjoyed by the Magistrates and Town Council of "he of the said City, or by the said Magistrates or any One of them, o 1 by the Clyde. Water Baillie of the Ports or River of Clyde, appointed by the said Magistrates and Town Council, by virtue ol former Acts of Parliament or Royal Charters granted in their Favour, or of immemorial Usage.

f'

LXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Swing Chut* shall extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate the legal Claims which any individual Person or Persons, or Members of Bodies dWiduait. "* Corporate or Collegiate, or of Companies have (by virtue of Acts of Parliament, Royal Charter, or otherwise) to any Exemption from Public Burdens or Taxes imposed on the other Inhabitants of the said City, the Validity and Discussion of which Claims in the competent Courts of Law, with all Defences which the said Magistrates, Town Council,

Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Companies, Inhabitants or Burgesses, can or may plead against the said Claims, are hereby expressly reserved to all Parties concerned, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That the before recited Act passed in the Former Act Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the lleign of His present Majesty, and tobcin f-rce* all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, and Regulations, therein contained, shall remain in full Force and Effect in so far as the same are not repugnant or contrary to the Provisions of this present Act.

[Lee. & Per.}

jD

566

£xp?nce of this A,vt how

to ue p.iid.

[Public Act.]

Continuance of Act.]

47° GEORGII III.- SeiT.2. Cap. 29.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Charges and Expences of passing this Act shall, in the first Inhance, be advanced by th said Magistrates and Council, out of the Funds of the Community, and shall be rep,id to them with Interest from the respective Periods of advancing the fame out of the Monies arising from the Assessments aforesaid, by equal Portions, from the Sums levied during the first Seven Years after passing this Act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace,

Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executors of the Law whomsoever, are he. eby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act into due and lawful Lxccu-tion; and that this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

I.XX. And be it enacted, That the several Parts of this Act which relate to the laying on and levying the Assessment herein-before directed, appointing Officers, Clerks, Collectors, and Watchmen, dividing the City into Distrists or Wards, and appointing Commissioners of the said Wards, shall continue in force for Fourteen Years from and after the passing thereof, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no-longer; but that all the other Parts of this Act shall be perpetual.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

SEPTIMO

REGIS.

gRjadragesimo

GEORGII III.

Sess. 2.

Cup. 30.

An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex.

[1st Augujli 807. J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twentyfxth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act ‘ more effectually to enable the Paris loners of the Parish of Child Church, in the County of MulJIciex, to purchase, hire, or cred a Workhouse for the em~

‘ ploying and maintaining the Poor of the said Parijlo, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein; ’ and of0 an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said first-mentioned Act j and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Manner of rating to the Poor of the said Par if, and better effectuating ether Regulations relative thereto; in which it i ainongd other Things alledged, That there were divers Houses and Buildings in the said Parish of Christ Church, which were let out in separate Lodgings or Apartments, and other Houses, which were let ready-f urnished to Lodgers, and other Houses let for a less Rent than Ten Pounds per Annum for each House, whereby the Payment of the Rates or Assessments by the said Act of the i'hiity-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, directed to be raised and levied for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, had been, and might he evaded; for Remedy whereof it was enacted, that every Person (whether Landlord or Tenant) w ho should let out his or her House in separate Lodgings or Apartments, or ready-furnished, to a Lodger or Lodgers, or who should be Owner or Tenant of a House which should be let for a less Rent than Ten Pounds per Annum, should be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and should and might be rated or affeileJ accordingly, and should be liable and febjett to the Payment of the said Rates or Affeiiinems dir etted to be raised and levied {Loc. Csf Per.] 7 D by

37 G. 3. c. 79.

570

4* G. 3. 49*

43 G. j.

t. 124-

4f GEORGII III. ScB: 2. Cap. 31.

thotized to be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, certain Rates or Duties of Tonnage were by the said Act made payable to H'S Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibis, for the Term of fourteen Years next en:uing 'he passing of that Act, for Ships or other Vessels trading to or using the Port of L ondon; and it was thereby enacted, that there should be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and incomes composing the Fund, called, ‘ I he Consolidated Fund,’ upon"the Credit of and to be leplaced to the said bund, by the fame Rates and Duties, any such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seventy-two Thousand Pound-, as should be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes therein mentioned, to be applied by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, as therein is expressed: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty-fecand Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to authorize the Advancement of furthtr Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Paid Canal and other Works, whereby it was enacted, That there should be advanced and paid from and out of *11 or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes composing the Fund, called, ‘ The Consolidated Fund,' any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fittv Thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of and to be replaced to the Paid Fund by Monies to arise by the Sale of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments purchased or to be purchased in pursuance of the Paid recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year aforesaid, as should not be necessary to be retained for or made ufc of in executing any of the Purposes of the last-mentioned Act, and by the Rates and Duties by the same Act granted or made payable to His Majesty, h's Heirs and Successors, and such Sum of Fifty Thousand Pounds was directed to be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, (or such and the fame Purposes, and in such and the fame Mai ner in all Respects as the said Sum of Seventy-two Thousand Pounds was dirtded to be applied and disposed of: And whereas by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of FI is present Majesty, intituled, ‘ " An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out " of the Cwifoiidati d Fu-d, to be applied in the Improvement of the " Port ot London, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City " ot London, in Common Council assembled, and to impower the Lords " Commitlit.ners ot His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the legal Quays " be,ween 1 ondon Bridge and the Lower of London," the Lord Fligh Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time be ing, wete empowered to advance and pay from or out of all or any o' the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes composing the F’und, called,

‘ The I onfolidated Fund,’ upon the Credit of and to be replaced to the said Fund by the Rates and Duties by the first therein and hereinbefore recited Act, and that prclent Act, granted ami made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs «nd So celHrs, ary, inch further Sum or Sums of Money nor exceeding in the Whoie the luithtr Sum of One Hundred Thousand Pounds, as should be necellkiy and iSfficicht to enable the Mayor, Alder-; men, and Commons of the C.ty of l^ondoin, in Common Council affem-

b.cd, o dr tray he heefflaty Charges and Expences of repairing and altering the then present Mooring Cham, in the River Thames, as occasion should retire, and of providing ana laying down new or other Mooring

57i

47° GEORGII UI. SdT. 2. Cap.

ing Chains in the said River, and of carfying into Execution such other Improvements in the said Fort of London, according to the Intent and Directions of the fit ft therein and hereinbefore recited Act, as should from Time to Time'be expedient for the Be efit and Acdommodarion of the Public, and should be approved of by the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity hlou 'e 0- Deptford Strand. and consented to and approved of by the Lord High Tiral'urer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury fort’eTime bring, and which further Sum or Sums of Money fhnuld be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Comm-ms, in, for, and towards the Purposes aforesaid: And it was thereby further enacted, That there should be payable and paid to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Ship or other Vessel trading to or using the said Port of London, new and additional Rates or Duties of Tonnage equal in Amount, and fin.ilar to the Rates or Duties then already imposed determined by the said recited Act, made in the I hirty-ninth Year aforesaid; and to be levied and payable in all Respects according to the Lilt of such Rates, and the Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, in the same Act contained in ’elation thereto, and that the Monies which should from Time to Time be received and produced from and by Means of the Rates and Duties granted and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-ceffofs, by the first therein and hereinbefore recited Act and the now reciting Act, flvuild thenceforth be applied and disposed of in the Manner particularly mentioned and directed in and determined by the now reciting Act: And where- g as an Act was paHed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present c. 63. Majesty, to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made determined by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth Year aforesaid, whereby it was enacted, That there should be advanced and paid from and out ot all or any of the Dutie's, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the Fund, called,

1 he Consolidated Fund,’ upon the Credit of and to be replaced to the said Fund by the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, granted or made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, any such further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Sixty Thousand Pounds, and that the fame should be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, for such and the fame Purposes, and in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as the said Lveral Sums of Seventy-two Thousand Pounds and Fifty Thousand Pounds were by the said recited Acts made in the Thirty-ninth and Foriy-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be applied and disposed of: And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, xhat great have cauled the said Canal to be excavated, and have made great Piogress Prigrfi, has in executing the other various and extensive Works by the said recited Acts ,bern m:i<le of the Thirty ninth and Forty-third Years of His present Majesty's ,n e*ecu'>"g Reign, authorized and directed to be made and done by them, but the Works "but fime cannot be completed according to the Intention and Directions of thef,mecan-the said Acts, unless further Sums ot Money be provided for that Pur- »°l be compote; and it is therefore expedient that Power should be given to advance 13 eied un!'r* out of the said Consolidated Fund a further Sum of Money, for the Pur- ^'11!! pole of completing the said Canal and other Works by the said Act of provided for'

the ibatpurpose.

57 2

and it is therefore expedient that Power be given to ad* vanre such furih'-r Sums out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power to advance 4;,ooool. out of the Confo-lida ed Fund, upon the Credit of die Rates and Duties by the Acts of the 39th and 43d Years afjre-said, granted to His M s j'fty,

ar.oooo!. Hart thereof to be applied by the Common Council in like Manner as certain other Sums a-e by the said Acts of the 39th,

42d, and 45th Years aforesaid directed to be applied.

21,000'. (Residue of the said 4J 000I,) to be applied by the Common Council in like Manner as a certain other Sum is by the recited Act of the 43d Ye.tr alorela d di-rest<*d to be applied.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl". 2. Cap. 31.

the Thirty-ninth Year aforesaid, authorized ro be made in addition to the fata Sums of Seventy-two Thou land Pounds, Fifty Thousand Pounds, and Sixty Thousand Pounds, so as aforesaid already provided in that Behalf; and a'so another further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the other Works and Improvements, authorized to be made and done in and by the said Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid, in addition to the said Sum of One Hundred Thousand Pounds, thereby provided and directed to be advanced and applied as before mentioned, and that 'PruviGoa should be made for the Repayment to the said Fund of such further SurflS lo to be advanced: But as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and wirh the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes composing the Fund, called, ‘ The Consolidated Fund,’ upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the said Fund by the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts, nude in the Thirty-ninth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, granted or made payable ro His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, any such further Sum or "urns of Money no: exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Forty-five Thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain; and that the Sum of Twenty four Thousand Pounds, (Part of such sum of Forty-five Thousand Pounds) or so much thereof as shall be necessary and sufficient, shall be paid by the Lor.J High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Time, as and when wanted, and the fame shall be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, for such and the fame Purposes, and in such and the same Manner in all Respects as the said several Sums of Seventy-two Thousand Pounds, Fifty Thousand Pounds, and Sixty Thousand Pounds, are by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-ninth, Forty-second, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty duedted to be applied and disposed of.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall also be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Income* cornpofing the Fund called the Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the said Fund by the Rate* and Duties by the said recited Acts made in the Thirty ninth and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, granted or made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, any such further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Twenty-one Thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; (being the Residue of the said Sum of Forty-five Thousand Pounds) and such Sum of Twenty one Thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary and sufficient, shall be paid by the Lord High Treasurer,or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Tune as and when wanted, and the same shall be applied and disposed of by the Major, Aldermen,

573

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. ^x.

and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, for such anti the fame Purpoirs, and in such and the same Manner in all Re-fpcfts as the said Sum of One Hundred Thousand Pounds is by the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be applied and disposed of.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties by the said recit'd Acts of the Thirty-ninth and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty granted or made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs, and Successbis, for and upon Ships and other Vessels trading to, frequenting, or using the Port of London, shall be and are hereby declared to be charged with the Repayment to the said Consolidated Fund of the Monies to be advanced thereout in pursuance of thisf Act, with Interest for the fame in the mean Time at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and such Rates and Duties shall be payable and applicable for and towards the replacing of such Monies to the said Fund, with such Interest thereon as a'ortfatd, in the fame Order or Course and Manner in all Respects as if fitch Monies to be advanced pursuant to this Act had been advanced out of She said Fund, pursuant to the several hereinbefore recited Acts, or any of ih< m j and all the fame Rates and Duties shall continue payable, and shall be collectrd, received, and taken, and the Monies which shall from Time to Time he received and produced from and by means of the same shall be applied and dbposed of in the Manner by the said recited Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act directed, until all such Sums of Money as are already advanced and paid, and which shall hereafter be advanced and paid, from and out of the said Confohdatid Fund, in pursuance of the several hereinbefore recited Acts, and of th.s nft, or any of them, shall be fully repaid and replaced to the said F'und, with Intrrell for the said Sums respectively in the mean Time, at the Kate of Five Pounds per Centum per riunum; the said Limitation of Fourteen Years, or any other Matter or Thing in the said reciced Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons were united into a Company to be known by the Style of 7be West India Dock Company, and were impowered to subscribe the Sum of Five Hundred Thotffan>J Pounds, as and for a Capital Stock, and to appoint Twenty one Per-F ns as the Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs of the said Company, and such Directors were empowered to make navigable Docks, Basons, and Cuts, with Quays and Warehouses, in the Tract of Land, called The Iste of Dogs, in the Parish of Stebcnbeath otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, for the Reception and Accommodation of Ships and Vesslls coming into the River Thames with Cargoes of West India Produce, and certain Rates and Duties therein mentioned were thereby granted and directed to be paid to the said Company for the Ships ai d Vessels which should use the said Docks, and for Goods imported on board such Ships or Vessels j and the said Company were thereby im-

iLoe. & Per.] 7 F powered

The Rates and Duties by the recited Acts of the 39th and 43d Years afore-fa d, granted to His Majesty, to be charged with the Repayment to the Consolidaed Fund, of the Monies to be advanced thereout under this Act, with Interest.

And all the fame Rates and Duties t j continue payable. Sec, till a1| the Monies advanced out of the said Fund be repaid with Interest.

39 G« 3* c. 69.

574

4* G. 3. c. 1x3.

44 G. 3.

c. 7.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 31.

powered to augment their said Capital Stock to any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six Hundred Thousand Pounds, fur completing the said Works: And b>' One other Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to alter and " amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London so far as the fame relates to the Concerns of the H’eft India Dock Company thereby ctlablished, and for " extendi, g to other Obj< dls the Compensations directrd to be made by " the said Act," certain additional Rates and Duties therein mentioned were thereby granted and directed to be paid to the said Company for all such Goods imported from the West Indies, as fh uild be discharged from on board of any Ship or VYfT 1 within any of the said Docks, and a certain other Rate or Duty was appointed to be paid to the said Company for certain Ships or Vessels which should enter into and use any of the said Docks, to be set apart for empty or light Vessels; and after reciting that the said Company had not then augmented their said Capital Stock of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, the said West India Company were impowered to augment the said Capital Stock of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds to any Inch 'urther Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole Fi^ht Hundred Thousand Pounds of Capital Stock, as by any General Meeting of the said Company should be deemed necessary and expedient, or to burrow Monies at interest for the Purpose of supplying the Infus-ficienrv o1 their Capital Stock on the C edit of the Rites and Duties granted to the Did Company, any Sum or Sums of Money, so as the fame, together with the said Sum of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, should not exceed in the Wh-le the Sum of Eight Hundred Thousand Pounds for completing the said Works: And whereas by an Act, made in the Fo'tv-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Exei ution " an Act, passed in the Thirty-ni.uh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for " better regulating the Port of London-, and another Act, passed in the " Forty-second Year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first mentionei Act," after reciting that the said Company, by further Subscriptions, had augmented their uid Capital Stock of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds to the Sum of Eight Hundred Thousand Poundc, pursuant to thtf Powers by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, given to them in that Behalf, and that grrat Progress had been made in forming and conflrufting the said Docks, B-ilbns, Cuts, Quays, Warehouses, and other Wo ks, in pursuance 3nd execution of the Powers and Uireftions given by the said recited Acts in that BchaF, that one of the said Docks intended for the Reception and Discharge of loaded Ships was opened for these Pu.poses in the Month of September, One thousand eight hundred and two, and had from t.atTime been tiled by the West India Shipping which had arrived in the River 7 tames-, and that in conl'equence o.‘ the increased Fxtent and Magnitude of the said Docks and other Works beyond the original Plan upon w;->ich the tlti-mates were founded, and of the g eat Ad< r ce in the Prices of Materials and Labour, and also of the present State of the West India Trade, and the

Probability

m

575

A7* GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 31.

PrHiahilirv of its further Increase at the Port of London, the said increased Capita- Stock of Eight Hundred Thou find Pounds would not be suffi-cien (or thr Completion of the said Works, in fu* h Manner as might afford due Accommodation to the Public, the said West India Dock Company were, by the now reciting Ad, irtipoweied at anyone or more of their General Meetings, to be specially called for 'hat Purpose, by fitch Ways ard Means as should be thought expedient Co augment their then Capital Stock of Eight Hundred Thousand Pounds to any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the W’hoie One Miibon Two Hundred Thousand Pounds of Capital Stock, as hv mch General Meeting, or determined by the Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present the'rar, should be deemed neccfiiry and expedient: And whereas the Directors of the said Company have, in pursuance and execution of the Lid Three lad-recited Acts, caused to be made and completed Two Jarge and commodious navigable Ducks, fit for, the.Reception and Accommodation of West India Shipping, with proper Basons, Locks, Curs, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works adjoining,or attached to the lame respectively, One of which Docks is now

U.< d inr the Reception and unloading of Ships and Vessels, and is denominated the Import Dock, and the other of the said Docks is used for the Reception and Accommodation of light Ships and Vessels, and Ships and Vefitls taking in Cargoes, outward bound, and is denominated the Export Dpvk, and the said Import Dock, and the Warehouses, Wharfs, and Quays adjoining thereto, are fenced and proteCled by a strong and substantial Wall,

as is requited and directed by the Second of the said last Three recited Acts: And whereas it is expedient, for the greater Security of His Majesty's That the Revenue, and the Safety and Protection of the Ships and Vessels lying West India in the said 1 xport Dock, and the Goods on board therepf, or in or upon fxport ^>oc*c the WarthO’.des, Wha. fs, and Quays belonging thereto, that the said E<- doUd w! h°a port Dock should cifo be protected by a strong and substantial Wall on Wall ior the the South Side and the East and West Ends thereof, and to communicate »f

at each End with the present Wail on the South Side of the Import Dock; ^'s Mai-,ty’s and it is also deemed expedient that convenient Offices should be ereifled ana Office*' ne ir the said Docks for the Accommodation of such Officers of His Ma- and Barrack* jesty’s Rt venue as shall for the Time being attend on Duty at the said be

Docks, and that proper P.arracks should also be built for the Reception and Accommodation of such Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service Maas shall (rim Time to Time be placed on Guard or Duty at the said jesty’s Reve-Docks and other Works: And whereas the Directors of the said Company nue’ an,i ,or are not authorized to appropriate any Part of the said Capital, or other 9®"r* funds thereof, in electing the said Wall for the Protection of the Export ?n ^is^.VU- Dock, and the said Offices and Barracks, and inasmuch as the fame will jesty’s Ser-be pauicuiarly advantageous to His Majesty's Revenue, it is expedient ',ii:eonD1»y that Powers should be given to advance a Sum of Money out of the *,heDockfc Consolidated Fund to enable the said Company to build and complete the same; Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be advanced and paid Power td ad-from and out of ail or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes com- »*nce poling the Fund, called the Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of and 3°»c°o(.out to be replaced to the said Fund by and out of the Surplus Rates and Du- ,°Vh' ties granted or made payable to the said IViJt India Dock Company, by fS'Kifij1

the *n external

57&

Wall on the South Side and at each End of the West Ir.dia Export Dock j also Offices and Buildings for the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue, and Barracks for the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service on Duty at the said Docks.

Iron Railing to be placed on the said Wall.

Re-payment

of the Sum so advanced to be made out of the Sur-plua Rates and buttes, by the said Acta of the gyth a ad +id

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 31.

the said recited Acts of the Thirty-ninth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, after Payment of the Demands to which the same are now made subject, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirty Thousand Pounds, as shall be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes next hereinafter mentioned, the same to be paid by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to the Treasurer of the said West India Dock Company, from Time to Time, as and when wanted to be applied and disposed of by the Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs and Business of the said Company, or any Five or more of them, in paying and discharging the necessary Charges and Expences of defining, laying out, erecting, building, and completing a good and substantial Wall, not less than Twelve Feet in Height, to communicate with the present Wall on the South Side of the said Import Dock, at the West Pnd thereof, and to proceed along the West End, South Side, and East End of the said Export Dock, and to communicate with the said present Wall at the East End thereof, and inclosing the Wharfs and Warehouses adjoining or belonging to the said Export Dock, in like Manner as the Wharfs and Warehouses adjoining or belonging to the said Import Dock are now inclosed by the said present Wall, and also proper and sufficient Gates at proper Places for Entrance to the said Export Dock, and the Quays and Warehouses adjoining or belonging thereto, and also substantial and convenient Offices and Buildings for the Accommodation and Convenience- of the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue for the Time being, appointed to collect and manage the several Duties of Customs and Excise, payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize at the said Docks, Quays, and Warehouses, and also fub-llantial and convenient Barracks for the Reception and Accommodation of such Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service as shall from Time to Time be placed on Guard or Duty at the said Docks and other Works of the said Company.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the said Company, or any Five or more of them, who shall direct and superintend the Erection and Building of the said intended Wall, to substitute a strong and substantial Iron Railing in the Place of the upper Part of the said Wall, when such Wall shall be raised Eight Feet from the Surface of the Ground at lead, such Iron Railing being of such a Height that the said Wall and the Iron Railing together shall be Twelve Feet in Height at the least above the Ground any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Rates and Duties granted or made payable to the said West India Dock Company by the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, after Payment of all the Demands to which the same are now made subject, shall be and are hereby declared to be charged with the Re-payment to the said Consolidated Fund of the Monies to be advanced thereout to the said West India Dock Company, in pursuance of this Act, with Interest for the lame, at the Rate of Five

Pounds

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 31.

Pounds per Centum per Jnnum from the Time or respective Times of advancing and paying the fame until Re-payment thereof, and that after full Payment and Satisfaction, all the Charges, Expences, Outgoings, Dividends, and Interest, to which the Rates and Duties granted to the said Company are subject and liable, the Residueor Surplus of the Monies to arise and be received therefrom shall be applied from Time to Time in repaying and replacing to the said Consolidated Fund all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be advanced and paid thereout to the said West India Dock Company, or their Treasurer for the Time being, in pursuance of this Act, with Interest for the fame, at the Rate aforesaid; and when all the Monies which shall be advanced and paid to the said Company out of the said Consolidated Fund shall be fully repaid, with Interest as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth the said Rates and Duties so as aforesaid granted or made payable to the said Company, shall and may be lowered in the Manner and subject to the Conditions and Provisions in and by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said West India Dock Company shall, from Time to Time, by and out of the Rates granted to them by the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, keep the said intended Wall, Offices, and Barracks, hereby authorized and directed to be erected and built, in good and substantial Repair.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall pay and discharge one Moiety of all the Costs and Charges incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, with and out of any Monies paid or to be paid into the Chamber of the City of London from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, in pursuance of the several hereinbefore recited Acts, and of this Act, or of any of them as aforesaid, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid by the said West India Dock Company, out of the Monies to be advanced to them from and out of the Consolidated Fund as hereinbefore mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such or so much of the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatsoever, contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, and not hereby repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for or rendered unnecessary, shall extend and be construed to extend to this present Act, and shall operate and be in force in respect to this Act and the Purposes thereof, according to its true Meaning, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated andre-enacted in the Body of this Act.

577

Years aforesaid granted to the West India Dock Company.

The said Wall, Offices, and Barracks, to be kept in Repairby the West India Dock Company.

Charges of obtaining and passing this Act how to be paid.

Powers of the recited Act of 39 G. 3. extended to this Act.

578 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 31.

[Public Act.]

This to be X. And be it further en3&ed, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as i'uch by all Judges, J-ustices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Se(T 2.

♦I*-*

Cap. 32.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Citadel and Walls of the City of Carlisle, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Justi ce for the said County, and for other Purposes relating thereto. [1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS there is no Shire Hall, or other public, convenient, \ \ f or proper Building, for holding the Assizes and Quarter Sessions V f for the County of Cumberland, nor any Place for depositing the Public Records of the said County, and the Assizes for the said County have, from Time immemorial, been holden by Permission of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Carlisle, in the Guildhall of the said City, which is so incommodious and in such a ruinous State as to be extremely inconvenient for the Administration of Justice, and even unsafe and dangerous to His Majesty's Judges of Assize, and all His Majesty's liege Subjects attending on such Occasions, and the said Judges of Assize have repeatedly so represented the fame in their Charges to the Grand Juries for the said County: And whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said County, having taken the Premises into their Consideration, employed a proper Engineer and Architect to point out and select the mod eligible Place or Scite for erecting sufficient Courts of Justice, and other proper Offices, who stated to them, and they have themselves examined the fame, and are of opinion, that the only fit and proper Place, [Loc. IsfPer.] 7 H within

582 47° GEORGII IIEI Cap$i.

within or adjoining the said- City of Carlisle, for such Purposes, will be the: Citadel and Two Bastions, on the South Entrance to the said City of Carli/Ie, (which adjoin the (Common Gaol of the said County), together with Inch Parts of the Walls of the said City as adjoin thereto, and the Sdites of such Bastions and Walls, and the Ground adjoining thereto, extending in length from the South West End of the Western Bast;on One hundred and forty Yards, and from the South East Bastion in a North Eastern Direction Twenty-four Yards: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in right of His Crown, is seised in Fee Simple of the said Citadel, and Bastions and Walls, and of the Scites thereof, and of the Ground adjoining to Parts thereof: And whereas the said Citadel and Bastions, Wails and Scites, together with the Stones of the old Walls surrounding the said City, are of small Value, and not of any public Utility, yet the fame would be of very great Use and Benefit to the said County for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas, upon the humble Application of the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Cumberland, His Majesty has been graciouflypleased to signif, IlisRoyaiWill and Pleasure, thatfo far as His Majesty’sInterest is concerned, the said Citadtl and Two Bastions, with the Walls aforesaid, together with the Scites there-: of, and the Ground adjoining thereto, and also the Stones of the old Walls surrounding the said Gity, should be absolutely veiled in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being, acting in and for the County of Cmnberland, for the Purpose of erecting a sufficient and proper Shire Haft, Court House or Court Houses, and other Offices for holding the Assizes, and for such other public Uses and Purposes as the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland for the Time being, or the major Part of them, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint: And whereas it is expedient that the Justices of the Peace for the said County should be empowered to defray the Expences of building, erecting, and fumishing such Court Houses and other Offices, and for purchasing any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as may be necessary for such Purposes, by and out of the County Stock or Rates; but as such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Veiling the and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Cuadel, the said Citadel, Bastions, and Walls surrounding the said City, and

Wall°nVnthe she Scites thereof respectively, and the Ground adjacent thereto, so far as justices for His Majesty's Interests are concerned therein, shall be, and the fame is the County, and are hereby granted and confirmed unto, and shall be veiled for ever in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being, acting in and for the said County of Cumberland, freed and absolutely discharged from' all Claim, Right, and Title of His Majesty, in right ot His Crown, His Heirs and Successors.

Justices ena-

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That at tha bkd to make next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden after the passing ?rfarS this Act, and afterwards at any subsequent General or Special Sessions.

HiiU,' L r' and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said

County then and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered so make such Order or Orders, or to Contract with such Per-^rotciJUnini fons

JS3

4.7" GEORGII III. Sess. 2. 2.

fons as they shall think proper, for converting and altering the said Citadel and Two Baitions into a Court House or Court Houses,with suitable Offices and pioper Accommodations thereto, and for furnishing and providing the fame; and for the erecting, building, purchasing, providing, and fumiffi-ing a proper Shire Hall and Court Houses, with suitable Offices and

Accommodations, on the Lands and Grounds hereby vested in them, or to be purchased by them, in pursuance of this Act, for the more convenient holding the said Assize.% and for other public Purposes of the said County, as to them the said Justices, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time appear expedient and necessary; and for the paying, dif- an(j to pay charging, and defraying of all the Expences, Coils, and Charges of for the fame

passing this Act, and attending the erecting, building, purchasing, pro-. the

viding, and furnishing of the fame, and all incidental Expences in the effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the public County Stock or Rates of the said County, subject to such Rcilriftions and Provisoes as are herein-after contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Justices to for the said Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the purchase^. Peace to be holden for the said County, or at any Adjournment or Ad- lh‘‘ p^ofea j iumments thereof, or the major Part of them, then and there assembled, and cf this Act. they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to treat* contract, and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Persons interested in any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with their Appurtenances, which the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall judge to be proper and necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act, or for the more easy, open, and convenient Approach to the said City, and to the said Shire Hall and Courts, and to t the Gaol of the said County, for the Purchase thereof; and by and out of the said public County Stock or Rates of the said County, to pay, or cause to be paid, for the Purchase of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid, and the said Justices, or the major Part of them, and also the Coils and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase as aforesaid; and upon Payment or Tender of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of being dffposed of in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, at any Time thereafter, to take Possession of the said Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and that the whole and every Part thereof shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Justices of the Peace for the said County for the Time being, for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to empower the said Justices to purchase any greater Quantity of Land for the several Purposes of this Act than Three Acres.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Poli-Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, tic> &c- en* and all Tenants.for Life or in Fee Tail, general or special, or for Years deter- to miuntjlc on any Life on Lives, and all Feoffees jn Truit, Executors, Ad»

miniilrators,

5^4

All Contra&j to be valid.

Trustees, &c. indemnified.

Parties refilling or bring incapable to treat, ^c. Tuf-tices to ifiiie their Precept for impannel ling a Jury.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 32.

miniRrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their CeRuique Trulls* whether Infants, IfTtie unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever; and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or in attywife interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or in any ways interested in any Houses. Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary by the said Justices, or the major Part of them, assembled at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof,'to be purchased for the fe-vtral Purposes of this Act, to treat, contrail, and agree with the said Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, for the Sale thereof, or for any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Fai t thereof, and all F.state, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, for the Purposes of this All; and all Contrails, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this All shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, begood, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Inten.ll of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, ERate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoeverof their laid several and respective CeRuique Trulls, and all Persons whomsoever claiming cr to claim by, from, or under them, and of ail Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expellant on any such particular Estate, and the lame shall be deemed and considered' to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Persons, and all 1* Rates Tail, and other FRates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, any Law, Statute, I'sage, or other Matter to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation aggregate or foie, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, general or special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees inTruR, Husbands, Trustees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this All.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King Williani the Third, intituled, 1 An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to build and re-‘ pair Gaols in their respective Counties, and for other Purposes therein men

‘ tinned' His Majesty's Justices of the Peace are enabled to purchase Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the building and improving Gaols, but are not enabled to purchase Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for building Court Houses: And whereas it would be convenient to build such Court House or Court Houses near or adjoining to the aforesaid Gaol; and for such Purpose and for the making the necessary Approaches thereto, it will be necessary to make use of several final! Pieces of Land, with tile Buildings thereon, ne*ar or adjoining to the said Baflions, and now or late in the Occupations ot Samuel Atkinson Atkinson, Charles Graham, William Barnes',

John

5^5

47° GEORGII III. ?eT.2. Cap. 32.

John Se&ell, Alice Blaylock, George Palmer, Warrington, Henry

Poole, Robert Nanfon, and William Nan/on, and the Corporation of the City of Carlisle\ be it therefore enacted, Ihet in case the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, Proprietor or Proprietors of tite Paid several Pieces of Land, with the Buildings thereon, (upon Notice to him, her, or them, to be given or left in Writing, at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons) shall, for the Space of Twenty Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse, or be incapable, by reason of Infancy or otherwise, to treat, or shall not agree with the said Justices, or with ary Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of his, her, ar,d_ their respective Estates and interests therein, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justices, or the major Part of them, at any Quarter befiions as aforesaid, or any Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby required to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the said County of Cumberland, who is hereby authorize d, diiefted, arid required accordingly, to impannel, fumrnofe, and return a compe tent Number of substantial and difiiitercfted Persons qualified to i'erve on Juries, not less than Twenty-four, nor more than Forty eight, and cubesf such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, ard retar: % a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person, to L>. by the (. >uft of General or Quarter Sessions herein-after mentioned, appointed i a uch Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Court 't Westminster, are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign oi lbs late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn, which Persons lb to be itn-pannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid shall by such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, be required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, at some Court of General cr Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Cumberland aforesaid, or at fotne Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, (full be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day, until discharged by the said Court; ?.r.d all Parties concerned fha", Jurymen may and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen, but be challenged. shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts from Time to Time, as Occaftoft shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomibever, who shall be thought proper and necdfiry, to be examined as Witness or Witnesses, on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths,

Touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices if they think lit shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn the Court from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties to attend, until all such AftYrs for which they were summoned Arall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall inquire of the Value of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and final! afflfs and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, and of their respective I.dates and interests therein, and the said Justices ftial! gLo;. is* Per.] 7 f and

586

Verdict of Jury fiuaL

Where the Sum afiVfled shall not exceed the Sum offered.

The Coffs of Assessment, &c. shall be paid by the Persons seif-ed, &c. and retained by Justices out of the Sam assessed.

Justices may impose Fines on Sheriffs, &c for Default.

47° GEORG III- III. Sdft&M

and may give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be afTiffedj which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgement or Judgement?, Dtternv-nation and Determinations thereupon, Notice in Writing being given to the Owncis and Occupiers of the said- Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the Intention of the said Joffices to apply to such July as aforesaid, at lead Twenty-one Days before the Tima ot holding such General or Quarter Sessions as hereJn-before mentioned, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Owner or Otvncs, or at his, her, or their lad usual Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Occupier of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments intended to be valued, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Col. legiate, and all and every Person and Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Intered, into or out of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as- well Infants and Blue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Disabrliiy or Incapacity, their, his, and her Heirs, Successhrsr Executors, and Administrators, as all other- Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdict and Verdicts, Judgement or Judgements, Determination or Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries so' to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment* and signed By the Clerk of the Peace for t e Time being, for the said County of Cumberland, or his Deputy; and in case it shall lo happen dial the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded, in consequence of such Refusal to treat and _ agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Ju& tices, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall have pie. viously oiFered to pay as and for such Value, Recompence, and Satisf. flier., then and in every such Case all reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Recompence to be afltffed and awarded as aforesaid, and of so afftfling and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons so seised or possessed of or intc-rested in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and so fefufingto treat and agree as before mentioned respectively, and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to deduff and retain the said Colts, Charges, and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money £0 to be ai» ftffed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall have Power, from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on each Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premise1-, and on any of the: Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evi- ' deace. and on any Person or Persons who shall in any. other Man--ner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Premifts, contrary to' the true Intent and Meaning of tills Act; and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines by Order of dieTaid.luff ices, by DiffrefsandSale of" the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Dilirds and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners j

47° GEORGII: III. I SeOV'2. Gifri2.. 5^7

Owners'; and thit a Chpy of the Order of the said Justices, signed bg.the'

Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, of the said County of Cumber, an or his l>eputy, shall respectively be iufhcient Authority to the Pe son or.:

Perfomt therein to be appointed, and to every other Person a&i:ig or aiding-, and assisting the rein, to make such Did refs and Sale, and all such l'ineff shall be paid to the said Justices, to be by them applied for the Benefit of the Poor of the said City of Carlisle and Suburbs, in such Manner as the said Justices shall think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any Sum or

-Money agreed

Sums of Money so agreed to be paid or ailefled, to the Party or Parties to to be given or whom the same shall be so agreed or awarded, or on Tender thereof, made f"r

at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or if he, file, or they shall at the tjk^'eiidi'red. Tj’-ne have i no Dwt fling House, then at his, her, or their lask usual Place or Places of Abode, or on depositing the fame in the Bank of £//g- jf refurea land iniManner by this Act directed, as the Case may be, the-Lands, 'leiie- bow t bo mentsv and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been ddpoicd of so. paid, tendered, or deposited, shall velt in the said Justices, in Manner and for the hurposes aforesaid, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and-dhc.harged from alf former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, intsrefts,

Claims, and Demands whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to Application "

be paid for- any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- of Coippen-chafed by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, f,tIoni': which, shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic,

or Per ion cor. Persons under iany Disabilty. or Incapacity, as herein, mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred P* unds or upwards, With 'all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the jName add with, The Privity, of the Accountant General ‘ of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Justices lor the said County,' for the Time being, to the Intent that such Munev shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the'laid Gotnt, an Order'made upon a Petition to be pre. ferred in a summary Way. bjr> the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or of any Part thereof, as thd laid Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Melm-ages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall notbelo applitd, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said C ourt, in the Purchase of other Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid (food settled or limited, cr such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiiiing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, determined by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be

invested

5^8 8 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cup. 32

inverted, by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purckafe pWlreq Poundc/>er Centum Consolidated or’l'hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaidj the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, ind Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase cr Settlement were made.

tS > ' 4 " ' t

If under 200I.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so

an 1 ex- agreed to be paid for any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita* cceding sol. m6nts, purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Bifability qr Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be jess than the Sum of Two hundred Pound.s, and fhrdl exceed the Sum of Twenty'Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in calc of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the said Justices for the said County, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case Ih ill be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Directionor Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Idef3 X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so

t'.ia.i 2d. agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty

Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would fi r the Time being have ben entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for any of the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Justices, or any Two or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom making out any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded foi the Purchase of any Lands, Titles , Tenements, ,or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the or if Persons Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices or any Three or more of found1 Pur tl|em > or *n case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum of Sums of chafe Money Monty shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person to be paid or Ferfqns entitled to such Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, be not into the Dankj' ' known

589

47° GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Gap. 32.

known or discovered, then and in ever)' such Case it shall and may fce lawful to and for the said Justices, or any Three or more of them', to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Priyity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the fiud Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments f defer Hi tig themsubject to subject to the the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, Order of the which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part Motion or thereof by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a Petition, summary way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Surti or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifyvhg for w hat and for whose life the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank ag aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall ar'Cs where any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank Question shall of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General afc torching of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase Money tobe of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be paid, the purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur Perton who chafed with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such f1*! jLein Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have beers in Possession th° Lands" of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at &c. at the the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person Time «of 1'uch or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, (kali be

deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Build ed* entitled* ings. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, thereto aC-until the contrary shall be ftiewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of cording to Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be £uch purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities " ’

shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made . to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful 'Possession, and that feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some

l.Estate or Interest therein.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason The Court of any Disabili’y or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or C orporation way order

entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rcaion»ble to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, be.paid by the: and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Juitisea.

LEoc. cs* E'er.] 7 K Tenements,

f<§o s 4 f G E'O RGII f ill/ fSdffiM Cap. 3 i.

’k Tefterrients, or Hereditaments to be settled'to the like Uses, m purfoafice of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, of so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the nedeflary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Justices of the Peace for the said C ounty, out of the1 County Rate, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Tenant* at

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at' Will, or Wilt to dtli-. Leffec for a Tear, or any Person or Persons in Possession of the said u^>on sf< n ftftbdsj Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, vvluch shall Months No- be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act. and who shall tice. have no greater Interdl in the Premises than as Tenant at Will, or Lessee

for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Justices, or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon . having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession, from the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or any Three or more of them, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenant’s Entrance or holding or not, or as soon after as he, she, or they shall be required by such Notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Justices, or any 1 hree or more of them, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons, so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Cumberland, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Cods as shall accrue from thieTSuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

Mortgagee*,’

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, dered'the1'1^ W have any Mortgage or Mortgages on the said Lands, Tene-Prmcipal and ments, and Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of Interest, to.' such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall (on Notice in Writing from the said convey. '"Justices, or any Three or more of them, or from such Person or Persons ! as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortg ge or Mortgages,. ‘ ‘fet'she End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed front the Day of giving such Notice, and on Payment of the Principal and In* v, terest so due at the End of the said Six Calendar Months) convey, assign,

' and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the Justices of ’ On Refusal/ (fief Pea tie for the said County; and in case fu£h Mortgagee or Mort-Int*rest to 1 twees shall refuse to convey and tffign as aforesaid, on such Payment or ceafr. - . ': Tender

59*

.$; 4:7"Xj BORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 32.

\Tenderthereof that then all Interest on the principal Money due on every n such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

fiA amt lo Sane.: -

*5’

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and -> Aifuranees of any Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Out Houses, Lands, Te-y neruents, or Hereditaments, to be made to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, in pursuance of this Act, shall be made in the Form, or to the Lffeft following, videlicet £ _/

‘ r A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

: ‘ paid by the Justices of the Peace for

‘ the County of Cumberland, acting by virtue of’ah1 Act-of-Parliament, ‘ made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King Gwgc the Third,

‘ intituled, \_here insert the Title of this Aff], do hereby granted-release to

the said Justices, and their Successors, Justices for the laid‘-Gouhtyj all [Acre

describe the Premises to be conveyedI] and all my Right, Title, and !meid!i,

to and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold-to the said Just tees,

‘ and their Successors, Justices for the said County, for ever-: fn-Witness ‘ whereof, I have hereunto fetmy Hand and Seal, this - - ---. Day

‘of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so marie, shall-be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Pu’rpollps whimbeyer* as. to and against the Person or Persons making the same, and his, her, or their Cejluiyue Trusts, and all other Persons claiming, or to Claim, by, from,- under, or in Trust, for him, her,-or them respectivtdy, or in Rcitiaroder, Reversion,

or Expediency, as aforesaid j.and the same shall be deemed arid, considered . to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives o/ such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and all Estates in Possessior), Revertmn,. Remainder, or Expectancy, and the issue and Iftuesof such Person or Persons,

and every Person claiming or to claim under them r’espectively, as effectually f as Fines and Recoveti a would do if:.levied or suffered by the Parties . interested, and such Parties had been adult, and without Impediment, any , Law, Statute, Usage, or Custoni to the contrary, notwithstanding.

Xyil.-.;And be it further enacted, That it, shall. and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace, at,any General Quarter Sessions-of the Peace, or at any. Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, cr the major Part of them then and there assembled, to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands , and Seals of any Thr. e or more of them, to grant and convey, by way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple for a Consideration or Consideratinns Tin Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and I Hereditaments vested in them by this Act, or which may have been: purchased by them in pursuance of this Act, as shall in the Judgement of i the said Justices not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels there-r of» it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Clerk of the Peace of the said County, or his Deputy, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be so fold, or for lb much thereof as in such Receipt or Receipts shall be acknowledged or exprelihd

Form of Coavcyand*.

Justices may fell Lands, &c.

592 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 32.

to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be anfsflff. able or accountable for any Losses, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the Sale of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be applied and disposed of by the said Justices in paying and defraying the Coils, Charges, and I xpences of carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, or in Aid of the County Rate.

Material! for

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Stones, Bricks, Timber, Irofi, building Lead, and other Materials for building and erecting the said Shire Hall, Court CourtHoule* Houses, Buildings, and other Conveniencies, or any of them, or any Part Justices" 1 £ or thereof; and all Furniture, Articles, Matters, and Things ufid in or about the said Court Houses, Buildings, and other Convenience'-, or any of them, bought, procured, or supplied by the Order of the said Justices in their General Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or >d-. journments thereof,- or of the major Part of them thcri and there assembled, or bought, procured, or supplied by the Order of any Person or Persons ;whom(hfvcr, a&rng by or under the Authority of such Justices, for such Purposes. a* aforesaid, or any of them, shall belong to, and be the Property of, and the farne is and are hereby verted in the said Justices of the Pegee for the said County for the Time being; and it shall be (awful for the. said Justices to bring, or causeto be.brought, any Action or Actions,

or diwdfc the preferring of any Pill or Bill? of Indictment (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, spoil injure, 'or destroy the said Court Houses, Buildings, and other Conveniencies, Tor , any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof j or shall deal, take, cafry y-away, spoil, injure, or destroy the Stones, Bricks, Timber, Iron, Lead, Furniture, Materials, Articles, Matters, and Things hereby vested in them . the said Justices of the Peace of the said County for the Time being*'ai aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment it shall be, and be deemed andtafcerrto be sufficient to date generally, that the said Shire Hall, Court Houses,

- Buildings, Stones, Bricks, Iron, Lead, Furniture, Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Adllon or Actions (Sail . be brought, or Bill or Bills of indi.elment preferred; is or are the Pro-. perty of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, without v particularly dating or specifying the Name of Names of all or any ortthe laid Justices.

Punishinr

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (halfwit* Perfom da- fu]]y and maliciously break, pull down, or in any Manner damage ortie* stroy the said Shire Hall, Court Houses, or Buildings so to be bdilt, ou ’ . - repaired, maintained, supported, provided, creeled or purchased as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, such Person or Persons, being lawfully con* ▼idled thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be trafifpdrted for the Term of Seven Years, to such Place and in such Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws, and Statutes of this.Realm; or to suffer such corporal Punishment, or be punished by Fine, Impfifoniitent,

Monty to be applied in aid of County Rates.

\Y G E ORGU III. Sess. 2. Cap. 32. 593

of otJierwife, as to the Court before whom such Person or Persons flub I . be tried shall seem proper to order or inflict; and the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part of them in Quarter Sapiens at!alibied, are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to order such Offender of Offenders as aforesaid, to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indictments ( uj

af the Affixes for the County of Cumberland, and to direct the Expenses ... . j

of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the-said County for the Time being, out of the Public Stock and-County Rates of >,wi

and belonging to the said County; and in every such Indictment or In, diiftments such Court House or Court Houses, or other Building or Buildings, shall be alledged and described, and deemed and takun to be the . ,

Court House or Court Houses, or Building or Buildings (as the Case may- " ' j

happen) of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, with*. . t

out particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any qF . the said Justices.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Shire Verting the

{Jail, Court Houses, Buildings and Offices so to be provided or ^£^ houiiHmifes as aforesaid, and the Buddings, Lands, of Hereditaments by " '

vested in the said Justices, dr ib to be purchnftd as taforafaitf, and every',

Matter and Thing appertaining ot in any wise relatifig thereto, or to any cithern, shall at all limes be vested in, and the fame- are hereby declared ta, be vested in, the Justices of the Peace for the County of Otmbcriand for th.0 Time being, upon the Trust and to the End; Intent, and Purpose-that this said Justices shall and do, from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever, hereafter, peaceably and quietly allow, permit, arid buffer the Afltzes,

Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and all other Courts and Meetings, to be holden for the public Administration of Justice,' <?i fortranfafting public Affairs and Business of the said Courvty, to be holden and kept in the said Shire Hall, and several Court Houses1 or Buildings, and the A,p» purtenances thereunto belonging; mid rilfo allow, penfcit, and suffer the lame to be had, used, and enjoyed for all such- other public Uses and Purposes as the Justices of the Peace for the said Go'uniy, or theanajor Part of them, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, fty.tll, from Time tq Time, dirgit, order, or appoint, with free Liberty for all Persons whorn It shall or iiiay concern, to act and officiate in, and to resort to and attend upon, the said Courts and Meetings, as they shall have Occasion or think jproper.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in some Building or Buildings office for adjoining to, or in some Office or Offices within such Court House or keeping the CourtTloufes, a proper and suitable Place or Places shall be app opriated Records of

Tor the Purpose of depositing, keeping, and preserving the Public Records 1 s Counts*

‘of the said County.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace for Justices may rthe Time being may sue and be sued, in any Court or Courts of Law or sue in the 'Equity, for or in respect of any Claim, Contract, or other Matter or cWk of the . Thing made or done by them, or any of them, under the Authority of this Peace.

Act, or for or in respect of any Nuisance, Encroachment, or Trespass made, done, or committed' by any Person or Persons whomsoever, in «r upon the said Shire Hall, Court Houses, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of them, or in or upon any Part or Parts [_Loc. & Per J 7 L thereof

594

Peifotfs paying County Rate, not to be disqualified

f om giving Evidence.

Plaintiff not to recover if Sufficient Amends offered.

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap.$i.

thereof respectively, or in or upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments hereby veiled in, or to be purchased by the said Justices, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof respectively, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy for the Time being; and in the commencing, prosecuting, carrying on, and defending all such Mtions or Suits, such Shire Hall, Court Houses, Buildings, Appurtenances, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be deemed and considered in Law to be, and shall be described to be in the Possession of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, to all Intents and Purposes whati'oevCr; and no such Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or again!! them the said Justices, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or by any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for the Time being, done without the Consent rf the said [uflices of the Peace for the Time being; but that such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the Time being, mail always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in f ,ch Action cr Suit: Provided always, that every such I Jerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the Time being, shall be from lime to Time forthwith, by Order of the said Justices in Sessions assembled, or the major Pait of them, reimbursed and paid by the Treasurer of the said County, out of the Publick Stock and county Rates of the said County, all such Coils, Charges, and Expences, as he or they shall be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid. ‘ 10 - ’ 1 1

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in ail and every such Action and Adiens, Suit and Suits to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whosoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her, or their paying or contributing towards the Publick Stock of i he said County, or by reason of his, her, or their being charged with, or liable to pay, or paying any of the County Rates-of the said County.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode Ten Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

fa

fat

Sots iit: xiar

*u2?T'

it 5

0 rps f

[Cf!

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Gap. 32,

XXVI. Provided also, and be. it further enacted,. That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing-. done or to be done by virtue, or in pursuance of this Act, after Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have- arisen; and every such Action shall be brought and laid. in the County oiCumberiand, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his, her, or their Election, specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and_ that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act-; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been lb done, or that fitch Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Ten Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited lor bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cases the Jury shall find a Ver-did for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cases where a Veroict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be non-suited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every’ such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Coils of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all,the Colls, Charges,rind

Expences of*obtaining and executing this Act shall be paid and discharged by the Treasurer of the said County, by ah9 Order of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, of the major Part of them, then and there assembled, out of the County Stock or Money to be from Time to Time raised and levied by the County Rates within the said County. 1 it

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being fpscially pleaded.

vamojiA jd? yd ,aoiflA bai ntni dwi'io ftm/iav-a udiL ft mfifJA r;'i; noli’:A r',i hi a , V.l ..

- *" r.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str'Ahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

SO J(ISh!wi3U >r, J TOl 01 hsitfS'A 'Xj util*

' noiftA ifiw m/o'J 21!* io vd tr.u'A riir/l'tS’,) oini ynq 01 bmiot arifil > o'l-jtj aji-iiba.Kjfrdo.r m> notjumsfiv.’ ,iti jiiunj ti j,!.

juiyanaif yavj bawvtL r ’tutbtrftaCI 3:.

595

Limitation of Actions.

Coils of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Rates of Wharfage, Cannage, Plankage, Anchorage, and Moorage, to be received at the lawful Quays in the Port of Bristol; for the Regulation of the Cranekeepers in the said Port; and for the better Regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Vessels navigating tht Bristol Channel. [1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, by antient Charters and Grants from the Crown, have been for several Hundred Years pad Owners of the Port of Bristol, with several Creeks and Harbours in the Bristol Channel as Members thereof; and the said Corporation are Conservators of the Rivers within the said Port from a certain Place about Four Miles East-ward of the said City to Kingroad and so down the River Severn and Bristol Channel, to the Two small Islands called The Stipe Holmes and The Flat Holmes, and are seised of and in all and Angular the Wharfs and Quays used as lawful Quays in the City and Port of Bristol; and they.the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or their Lessees, have from Time to Time erected, made, and laid out, for the Use and Accommoda-

Seff 2.

*a*

[Icr. & Perl]

7 M

tion

,598

bas

IS ft 12 W.J.

43 G.J.

47°<5GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 33.

tion of Persons trading to the Port and Harbour of Bristol, new Quays or Wharfs, and from Time to Time repaired the Walls of such new' as well of the' old Quays and Wharfs: And whereas they the Paid Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty and their Lessees, have from Time immemorial ^received a RaQ br Duty of Wharfage, Cannage, and Plankage, for Goods landed upQi or shipped from the said Quays or Wharfs, and also h 'Rate or Dfity of Anchorage and Moorage for all Ships and other Vessels anchoring or mooring at the said Quays or Wharfs: And whereas the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or their Lessees, have, for the greater Accommodation of the Trade of the Port of Bri/lo/, erected and letup on the lawful Quays aforesaid, divers Cranes and Engines, for the better Difchavge df Ships at the Quays and Wharfs: And whereas the before mentioned Rates of Wharfage, Cannage, and Plankage, Anchorage and Moorage, are not exactly ascertained and defined, and it is expedient that such Rates and Duties should be fixed and established: And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said City inCommon Council assembled, by fitch Charters, by antient Usage, and aftfo brthe Authority of an Act of Parliament passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the belter preferring the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening the Streets of the City of Bristol; find another Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and rendering more cm-tfiodious, the Pori and Harbour e/-Bristol, have from Time to Time appointed Persons to be and officiate as Pilots within the Port of Bristol, and Lirifdiction aforesaid, and have from Time to Time punished Persons (nor being appointed by said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council), who have taken charge of or attempted to pilot any Vessel within the said Jur ifdrftion: And whereas also the Mayor and Justices of the said City, at the General Quarter Sessions held for the said City and County of the fame €ily,' have, by Authority of the said Acts, Power from Time to Time to make fitch Orders and Constitutions, and appoint such Officers as shall be tjeeessary For the Regulation and Government of Riots, Mailers of Ships and Vessels, Mariners, Watermen, and others navigating and using the said Port: And whereas it is expedient that the Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council in Common Council assembled, and of the said Mayor and Justices at their General Quarter Sessions respectively, be extended to the Appointment of Riots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels into and out of and upon the whole of the Bristol Channel, and the several Ports, Harbours, and Creeks belonging to and running from the same, and to the making such Orders and Constitutions, and appointing such Officers as shall be necessary for the well ordering and good Government of Pilots, Mailers of Ships and Vessels, Mariners, and others, and all Vessels passing up and down of upon the Bristol Channel to and from the F.aftward of Lundy Island, and in and upon the several Creeks of the said Channel: And whereas it is also expedient that the Cranekeepers and the Persons employed by and under them at the Quays and Backs of the said City and Port of Bristol, should be regulated; and that the Rates to be received by the said Cranei keepers, or other Persons as aforesaid respectively, Inould be afeertamtd, '-} - fT fixeu,

599

GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 33.

fixedi, Cand established: But inufinuch as the said Objects cannot be carried into EffeS Without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by, the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and v.'ith the Advice and Conftyit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Rates of An« the passing of this Act, there shall be paid and payable unto the said Mayor,

Burgesses, and Commonalty, and their Successors, and their Lessees or wharfa-re" Lessee, or the Collectors or Deputies of the said Mayor, Burgesses, and the Port’of Commonalty, or their Lessees or Lessee, for their Use, for all and every Bdftol elU-Sliip, Bark, or other Vessel anchoring or mooring at the present lawful w,c,e<1. Quays, or any future lawful Quay of the said City and Port of Bristol, by the Masteror Commander, Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel, for the Anchorage or Moorage of such Ship or Vessel, the Rates or Duties, according to the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, particularly rated and let forth in the First Schedule hereunto annexed; and there shall be also paid and payable to the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, and their Successors, or their Lessee or Lessees, Collectors or Deputies, for all Goods,- Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities whatsoever, landed out of or put on board of any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, on or upon ail or any of the Wharfs or Quays of or within the said Port and City of Bristol, except Goods brought Coallways or by Inland Navigation, by the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, or the Person or Persons having the Charge of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, the several Rates and Duties particulatized, rated, specified, and let forth in the First Schedule of Rates hereunto annexed, as far as such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities so shipped or landed as aforesaid, are particularized in the said Schedule; and that all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, which are not particularized and set forth in the said Schedule of Rates, shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay a Rate or Duty upon landing or shipping on or from all or any or either of the Quays or Wharfs, in or within the said Port and City of Bristol, equal to the Rate or Duty rated and athxed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of a similar Nature, Package, and Quality, in and by the said Schedule of Rates: Provided nevertheless, that the Consignee or Consignees, Person or Persons, having Charge of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, shall not be liable to the Pay-, meat of any such Rates, unless a Demand for Payment thereof shall have been made within Two Calendar Months after such Rates Avail become due and payable.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector or Collectors of In rafe of the said Rates and Duties, and the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Con- Diffcn\Ece iignees of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes on which°any Rate or iwtefu^ Duty is by this Act imposed, but which are not particularized in the principal said First Schedule cf Rates hereunto annexed, shall differ and disagree Officer of with respect to the Rate or Duty payable on or for futh Goods, Wares, *he Customs and Merchandizes respectively, then and in such Case such Difference to

shall be related to Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace a fling in to be 'taker' and for the said City and County of Bristol, for their Determination as to what ought, under and by virtue of the Provision herein-before contained to be paid and payable on and for such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes \

and

Goo 47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 33.

and shall be recovered and recoverable as any other Rates and Duties payable under this Act are recoverable.

No Ship to III. And, to the Intent that the Rates and Duties herein-before men-be entered tioned may be duly accounted for and paid; be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Collector of His Majesty's paid, £1" Customs Inward in the said Port of Bristol, shall, on any Account whatsoever, permit or allow any Ship or Vessel, on which any Duty is hereby made payable, to be entered Inwards, unless and until the Mailer or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall have paid the Duty hereby declared to be payable for such Ship or Vessel, and shall have produced to the said Collector a Certificate, under the Hand of the Officer or Person appointed under the Authority of this Act to collect and receive the said Rates and Duties, certifying the same to have been paid; and that no such Collector shall, upon any Account whatsoever, permit or allow any Goods or Merchandizes on which the before-mentioned Rate or Duty is by this Act imposed, to be landed from any Ship or Vessel entered Inwards, or permit or fuller any Vessel to be cleared Outwards, unless and until the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of the said Goods or Merchandizes landed from or shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, shall have paid the Rates and Duties hereby declared to be payable on or for such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and shall, if required, have produced to the said Collector a Certificate, under the Hand of the Officer or Person appointed under the Authority hereof to collect or receive the said Rates and Duties, certifying that the said Rates and Duties have been fully paid, which respective Certificates and Signatures such Officeis or Persons appointed under the Authority of tin’s Act to receive the said Rates and Duties, are required to sign and give accordingly without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Use of any Person who shall sue for the same, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit; and which Sum, when forfeited, shall, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed, be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Tensity on

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Mailer, Owner or Owners Mailers of of_ or other Person or Persons having Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, or any Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of, or any Rates. other Person or Persons having Charge of any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandizes fnipped or landed on or from any Quay or Wharf within the said Port and City of Bristol, shall at any Time or Times hereafter (after Demand made on him or them) refuse to pay to the Collector or Collectors appointed to receive the same, the Rates and Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof, or shall by any Ways or Means wt atioever elude or evade Payment of the said Rates and Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall Hand charged with, and forfeit and pay a Sum equal to Double the Rates and Duties so evaded or eluded, or the Payment whereof shall have been re-i fused as aforesaid; and such Sum or Sums shall within Twelve Calendar Months after the Otience committed, be recovered from such Mailer, Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, or other Person or Penbns J-efpcftivtly, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by

Action

47° GEORG 11 Ilf. Sess. 2. Cap. 33. 6oi

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Not tn lessen

contained shall extend to the Prejudice or lessening the Powers or Privi- *j

leges of the Quay Warden or Water Bailiff respectively for the Time \v3rdenAVa. being, of the said Port of Bristol, nor to the lessening, altering, or vary- ter Bailiff, or ing, or in any Manner affecting the Duties now or at any Time hereafter of the ayor to be had and received by the Mayor of the said City of Bristol for thfc of Bn^01' Time being, from Captains, Mailers, and Owners of Ships, Barks, and

other Vessels coming to the Quays or Wharfs and other Places in the said Port of Bristol, which have been usually and anciently taken and received by the Mayor of the said City for the Time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of For better r»-this Act, there shall be paid and payable to the Cranekeepers, for and gulatr^ Boron Behalf of the Owners or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Measurer. °rn said Cranes respectively, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, shipped,

landed, or weighed at the present or any future Cranes or Crane on the Quays or Backs of the said Port of Bristol, the several Rates set forth and particularized in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, as far as the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes weighed, landed, or shipped, are particularized in the said Second Schedule; and where the Goods, Wires, and Merchandizes so weighed, landed, or shipped, are not particularized in the Second Schedule* a Rate equal to the Rate ascertained and fixed by the said Second Schedule, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of a similar Nature, Package, and Quality, the fame in case of any Difference or Disagreement between the Person or Persons entitled to receive, and the Person or Persons bound to pay the fame) to be settled and determined by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said City <Sf Bristol and County of the fame City, whose Determination thereon, it is hereby declared, shall be final between the said Parties.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Rate of Cranage By whom shall be paid and payable by the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Con- Rates of Cra-lignees. Shipper or Shippers, or any other Person or Persons having Charge nage’

of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes so shipped, weighed, or landed, on or mex/

from the Quays, Wharfs, or Backs of the said City and Port of Bristol; Rate, are

and in case the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, Shipper or Pa>'able-

Shippers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall, upon Application

to him, them, or ar.y of them, for that Purpose, refuse to pav any of the said Rates set forth and particularized in the said Second Schedule, or

any Part or Parts thereof, unto the Person or Persons entitled by virtue 6f

this Act to receive the same, then the Person or Persons so entitled to

receive such Rate, shall and may, within Twelve Calendar Months next

afterwards iue lor and recover the fame of such Owner or Owners, Con-

hgnee or Consignees, Shipper or Shippers, or other Person or Persons

haying Charge of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes respectively, and

who shall have refused Payment thereof, by Action on the Cafe, in any

cf His Majesty's Courts ol Record at Westminster; or it shall be lawful

[& Per.] 7N to

6o3 GEORGII III. Sell. 2. C^.33.

to and for the Person or Persons to whom any Rates respectively ought to have been paid, and he and they is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to seize and diffrain any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, for or in respect of which any of the said Rates ought to be paid as af 'retaid, and to detain the lame untif full Payment shall be made of such Rates respectively, together with the reasonable Goljts and Charges of taking and keeping such Distress; and in case such Distress shall not be redeemed within Seven Days after the taking thereof, then the same shall and may be appraised and fold in like Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent.

VIII. And whereas the Rates set forth and particularized in the said Second Schedule, and hereby established, may, from damming up the Water at the Quays, or other causes, be: more than sufficient for the Labour, Rilk, and Expence attending the landing and shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace in and for the said City of Bristol and County of the fame City, assembled at any General Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon good and sufficient Proof, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices of the Peace lb assembled, that the Rates contained in the said Second Schedule are more than sufficient for the Rilk, Labour, and Expences of landing or shipping Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to prepare, ordain, and establish another Schedule' of Rates (as the Case may require) to be thereafter received by the Cranekeepers; and such new Rate shall be so received until any further alteration shall become roceflary, and Hull be made thereto by the Justices of the Peace in and for the said City and County in General Quarter Sessions plsembled, and which Alteration the said Justices of the Peace so assembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to- maker Provided nevertheless, that such Rate shall never be increased so as to exceed the Rate hereby established; and from and after such new Rates shall have been, from Time to Time, ordained and established as aforesaid, the Orders of the Justices of the Peace in and for the said City and County, in General Quarter Sessions assembled as aforesaid, shall be of as full Force and Effect as this present Act respecting the fame respectively, and such new Rate shall be paid and payable, and there shall be the fame Remedies for enforcing and compelling the Payment thereof, as if such new Rate had been originally a Fart of this Act, and contained in the said Second Schedule.

Vessels navi-

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of gating the October next alter the passing of this Act, all Vessels failing, navigating, nel'tobe"1'3" or Pa®nS UP> down, or upon the Bristol Channel to the Eastuard of conducted by Bundy Island, except C.oafting Vessels and IrtJ).i Traders, shall be con-Pilots li- dufted, piloted, and navigated by Pilots duly authorized and licensed by censed by the the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said City of Bristol, by of°DPriftol°n Warrant under their Corporate Seal; and that the Mailer, Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel which shall be navigated in the Limits aforesaid, without a Pilot licensed as aforesaid, shall forfeit double- the Sum which w'ould have been demandable for the Pilotage of such Ship or

Vessel,

Power to Justices in Sessions to alter Rates.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 33. 603

Vessel, together with Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Exemption Act contained shall extend to subject to any Penalty any Owner or Cap- ^h^e*0 tain, or Master of any Coasting Vessel or Irish Trader using the Navigation p^o^ an "be of the Bristol Channel, or the Rivers Severn or Avon, upwards or down- procured, wards, or any Owner, or Captain, or Master of any other Ship or Vessel

who shall employ any Person, or aft himself as a Pilot for the C.onduft

of his Ship or Vessel in any Case where a licensed Pilot cannot be procured.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall take Charge of Penalty on any Vessel or in any Manner act as a Pilot, or receive any Compensation Person* a&-for acting as a Pilot within the Limits aforesaid, unless authorized by '^houtbeing Licence under the Seal of the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty licensed. (which Licence it is hereby declared shall express the Name of the Pilot so acting and the District aforesaid); and no such Pilot shall act without

having his Licence at the Time of his so acting in his personal Custody,

ready to be produced, which shall actually be produced to any Person who shall lawfully require to fee the fame, or shall act in the British Seas out of the Limits expressed in his Licence, on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, for the First Offence, and for any Second or lub-sequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Executors or Administrators Executors of of every deceased Pilot, or other Person or Persons to whose Hands the deceased Licence of such deceased Pilot shall come after the Death of such Pilot, Pilots to re-shall without wilful Delay transmit such Licence to the said Corporation, Licences'" on pain of forfeiting for any Neglect therein or Refusal to deliver the fame when lawfully demanded, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall Not to ex-not extend or be construed to extend to hinder any Person or Persons tend to Cafe« from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress, or subject such Persons or whe.re Ships Person, or the Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel employing such tress." ' Persons in the Limits aforesaid, to the Penalties of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Licensed ful for any licensed Pilot to supersede any Person not licensed as a Pilot Persons may in the Charge of any Ship or Vessel within the Limits aforesaid; and every fuPcrfedc Master who shall within the Limits aforesaid, continue any Person not Perfo"fd licensed as herein before mentioned, after any Pilot licensed as aforesaid to " °"a‘ aft v'ithin the said Limits, shall have offered to take Charge of such Ship

or Vessel, and every Person assuming or continuing in the Charge or Conduct of any Ship or Vessel within the Limits aforesaid, without being duly licensed as herein-before mentioned, after any other Pilot licensed as aforesaid shall have offered to take Charge thereof, shall respectively forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

6cH; 47° GEORGII III. SelT.2. Cap. 33.

Pilot» keep-

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said FIrft

ing Public of October next after the passing of this Act, if any Person licensed as

nctraedin aforesaid shall keep or be.concerned in keeping either by himself or any Prances, Agent or Servant, or other Person, or shall anyway be interested in keep-agairft the ing of any Public House or Tavern, or Place of Public Entertainment, or Revenue, to In the fejiing of any Wine or Spirituous Liquors or Tobacco, or l ea, or Licenced ^all commit any Offence against any Law at Laws relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or be concerned in, or shall wilfully connive at, indirect Practices or Frauds against the Revenues of Customs or Excite, or shall procure, abet, connive at, or participate in any Fraud, Exaction, or currupt Practice relating to Ships or Vessels in Diitrefs, or having suffered Shipwreck, then and in such Case it shall be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, on Proof made thereon to their Satisfaction, to annul the Licence of such Pilot, and such Pilot shall be rendered wholly incapable of acting as such.

Pilot Boat or

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Vessel or Boat belonging Veflc-l run to a Pilot licensed as herein-before mentioned, shall run before any Ship any^Ship'^to Qr Vessel not having a-licensed Pilot on board for the Purpose of directing be entitled te the Course of fucll Ship or Vessel until a Pilot can be put on board, the Rates. Pilot so put onboard, and the Pitot to whom such Vessel shall belong, draft be entitled to the Pilotage, proportiotiably and according to the Circum-ffances of the Cafe to be proved on Oath, if required.

Justices in S&fiions to establish Pilot’s Rates.

Rates and Bye Laws to be made for the better Regulation of Pilot8 in the Bristol Channel.

XVII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol, Authority is given to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time, to fix and ascertain the Rates to be taken by’ Pilots within the said Port of Bristol, which extends to the said Blands called The Flat Holmes and Stipe Holmes: And whereas it is expedient that such Authority be extended over the Whole of the Bristol Channel; be it therefore further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen of the’ said City, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and required to establish regular Rates of Pilotage for all Pilots licensed for the said Bristol Channel, and also Rates or Allowances for Pilots taken to Sea; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices in General Quarter' Sessions assembled, from Time to Time to alter or vary, increase or diminish such Rates, giving Notice of such Rates, and of all Alterations therein, by hanging up Tables thereof at the Custom House in the said Port of Bristol.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons licensed to act as Pilots, or otherwise employed in any Vessel or Vessels, or Pilot Boats, shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, be subject to the Regulations and Government of the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty; and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said City of Bristol, in Common Council assembled, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as well for the Management and Government of such Pilots and Persons, as for Punishment of Misconduct, from Time

to

4 ° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 33.

605

to Time to frame and m* ke such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, arid iCfomances, as they shall think fit, which shall, when approved of as after tier tinned, be binding and effectual on all such Pilots and Persone in all Matters and Things relating to Pti tage, and also to annex such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Bye Laws,

Rules, Orders, and Ordinances when made, as to them shall leem ex* pi client in that Behalf, and from Time to Time to alter and amend all or any of the exilling Bye Laws, or to make such e ther new Bye Laws,

Rules, and Ordinances as they shall think proper, so as such Bye Laws,

Rul-.s, a. d Ordinances, be conformable to this AT, and contain nothing repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England.

SIX. Provided always, That the Rates to be fixed, and all Bye Laws ^':r5 to be made under and by virrue of this Act, or the Provisions thereof, u,e Justicri before they are acted upon, shall be examined, sanctioned, and approved m Sessions. by the J a It ices of the Peace in and for the City and County of the City of Bri «/, it General Sessions afieinbled, such Sanction and Approbation to be verified i:r ler the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the said Const; ..nd all such Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations shall be observed and kept, a d put in Execution, and have the lame Force and Effect, and Operation, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were respectively enacted anu declared by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That Copies of all such Bye Laws, Copies of

Rules, Orders, and Regulations as shall be lo made as afore la id, shall bye Laws to be written or printed in large Characters, and shall be hung up in fame; *tfo Cuf public or conspicuous Place in the Custom House in the said Port of tom House. Bristol. 1)

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot licensed under this Penalty on Act, who shall refuse to take Charge of any Ship or VelTeL or who shall P‘!ols re exact any Fee or Reward beyond the established Rules of Pilotage in the char*e°f^ laid Channel, or w ho shall quit any Ship or Vessel, or decline the Pilotage Vessels ° thereof, after he shall have been engaged or gone alongside thereof, with- exacting out Leave of the Owner, Mailer, Captain, or Person having the Chief more ‘foj1 Command of such Ship or Vessel, or before the Service shall have been performed for which he was hired, or shall, by Drunkenness, render him- completing self incapable of conducting such Ship or Vessel, or fitall negligently, the Service, ignorantly, or wilfully run such Ship or Vessel on Shore, or shall, by hlifdirection or otherwise, do any Injury to the fame, or to the Tackle or Furniture thereof, or shall lend his Licence or Warrant to any unlicensed

Person, to enable or assist him in acting or claiming to act as a licensed Pilot, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and shall be liable to be dismissed from being a Pilot, at the Discretion of the said Corporation.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Pilot or other Person or Per- Pfiofs ®r F«r-fons owning any Pilot Boat, or any other Boats or Vessels used in a (lifting y'

Ships or Vessels in the said Bristol Channel, shall charge any greater Rate , AA. n°l

[Lee. is" Per.]

7 0

6o6 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 33,

or Sam of Money for Assistance, than shall have been or shall be allowed or settled by the said Justices of the Peace in General Quarter Sessiona assembled 5 and each and every Pilot charging any greater Rate or Sum of Money than shall have been allowed as aforesaid, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Sum so charged. One Moiety thereof to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or 'Vessel, and the Remainder to the Pilots Fund, hereby authorized to be established.

Owners of

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owners, Consignees, or to° pay "pilot-6 Agents of all Foreign Ships or Vessels shall be liable to the Payment of, ageonOath and shall pay all Sums for Pilotage due to the Pilot or Pilots who shall that the Cap- have piloted the said Ship or Vessel in the Bristol Channel, on Proof being U,'d fame0t made on Oath before any Justice of the Peace, that the fame has not been pai ame. paid by the Captain of such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that such . Demand shall be made and Oath taken within Two Calendar Months after such Pilotage becomes due.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall give false Evidence upon Oath befor any Justice of the Peace respecting Pilotage, shall and may be prosecuted r the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punish-einents and Disqualifications, as any Person or Persons can or may be fub-jebl to for wilful and corrupt Perjury, by any of the Laws or Statutes of the Realm, bsttimrno

Person* taking false Oaths liable to the Penaltie* of Perjury.

10 ,>nohjd iurtt loirt qadJfcit!w -10 vjq uifiuoD arftlniimh.

of WottT7

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money whi"h shall 0 0 ® ’ become due to any licensed Pilot for Pilotage, or by way of compensation

or Allowance for any Services performed in the said Bristol Channel, shall and may be recovered from the Owners or Mailers of Ships or Vessels, or the Owners Consignees or Agents thereof (as the Case may be) who have paid or made themselves liable to pay any other Charges for such Ship or Vessel in the Port of her Delivery, and shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Maimer, according to the Amount of any such Sum of Money respectively as any Penalty or Penalties may be recovered and levied under the Provisions hereof. Demand thereof in Writing being made at lead Five Days before any such Levy.

ShfTenter

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Master, Captain, or ing inwards Officer having the chief Command for the Time being of any .''hip or or clearing Vessel piloted in the said Bristol Channel shall, on the Entry of his Ship Outwards, to and Vessel Inwards or clearing Outwards, or as soon after as possible. Pilot’s Name deliver to 1116 °®cer of the Customs with whom the Entry Inwards or clearing Outwards shall be made, the Name of the Pilot or Pilots, if any, that shall have been employed, or have been engaged by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel to pilot the fame in the said Bristol Channel, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect therein a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Certain Pe-naltita to be recovered before Justices of the Peace.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Abt imposed or to be imposed, by any Bye Law or Bye

Laws

607

4^ GEORGII III. Sess.2. (3$. 33.

Laws made under the Authority thereof* the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not before directed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or in respect of which any Sum less than Twenty Pounds may be awarded at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices hearing the Offence, may be levied and recovered within Six Calendar.Months after the Offence or Offences committed, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Divition, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or if committed by any Pilot, or Person or Persons claiming, or who shall have claimed to act as- a Pilot or Pilots, before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the said City and County of Brijio, or of the City, Town, or Port to which such Pilot shall belong,' or if committed by any < )wher or Matter of any Ship or Vessel by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the said . City and County of Bristol, or of the City, Town, or Port at which such Owner or Owners, or Mailer shall reside, or to which the Ship of such Owner or Mailer shall belong; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited, or Complaint made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them, Alch Of« fender or Offenders, at the Time and Place in such Warrant specified; and if, on the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, or on his, her, or their Confession or Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit any such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or in case the same shall be committed by any Pilot, then of the County, City, or Place to which such Pilot shall belong, or shall be apprehended, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Twenty-one Days, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid: Provided always, that no Justice or Magistrate shall in any Case award a Sum exceeding Twenty Pounds.; f

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds by this Act imposed for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act; or in which any greater Sum may be awarded than Twenty Pounds, and in which the Party prosecuting fneh Offence shall proceed for any greater Sum than Twenty Pounds, shall and may (in Cases not herein-before otherwise dirededj be recovered by Action ox Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences committed,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed, and shew no Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices on Proof of such Summons having been served, to issue his or their Warrant, under his Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to bring such Person before him or them, and if on Appearance, or on

Other Penalties how to be recovered.

Witnesset.

6o8

Application of Penalties.

Persons

escapin? into other Counties may oe followed.

MW* rot

i i v t' for X T>,:t of I'orm.

4.7* GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 33.

being brought before any Justice or Justices, such Person or Persons stall relufe to be examined on Oath, or being a prortffed Quaker upon solemn Affirmation, concerning the Premises, without having iome just Canfe for such Neglect or Refusal, such Person or Persons shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Refusal a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered as other Penalties are hereby made recoverable.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Penalties to be levied in pursuance of this Act, unless otherwise specially appropriated, shall go to and be received by the Chamberlain of the City of Bristol for the Time being, and be applied from Time to Time in the Relief of super-annuated or decayed Pilots, who shall have acted under Licences granted by this Act, in such Manner as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said City in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time appoint and direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be ifltied by any Justice or justices before or after any Conviction for any Offence against this Act shall escape, go into a Residence, or be in any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act shall be in a different County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, than where the said Party was convict ft, or Warrant of I) ill refs granted, it shall be lawful for any Juf-tia or the i eace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or P;a.-e, into which the Party shall escape cither before or after Conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon O th of the Hand Writing of any Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Names, on such Warrant, and the fame, when so indorsed, shall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such County, Riding, Division, Ciry, Town, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices respectively on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him or them within their respective Jurisdictiogs, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, and may direct the Offender or Offenderkto be carried to the Justices or Justice who granted the original Wart-ant to be dealt with according to Law,

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be r ide for any Sum or: Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties malting the fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dif-jrtf1, or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a V--efpasser or I 'respassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity Which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distrainintr, but- the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity ft all and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained in an Action on the Cafe.

6 XXXIII. And,

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 33. 609

XXXIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders Conriffion of again (I this Act; be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence again(f this Act, shall and may in all Cases where the Form of Conviction is not herein-before directed, cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

T? E it remembered, That on the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me [or, us] One [or. Two,

as the Case may be] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

« [here specify the County, City, Divijim,

or Place, or City, Town, or Part where the Conviction shall be, and also the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may be] contrary to an Act, passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title

of this Act] for which Offence I adjudge the said A.B. to have forfeited

the Sum of Given under my Hand

and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first beiore-‘ mentioned.’

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That no Certiorari, or other Writ or Process for the Removal of any such Conviction or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be allowed or granted.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Appeal, and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace as before-mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, within Three Calendar Months next after such Conviction, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions or General Sections holden for the County, City, or Place where the Order or Conviction so appealed against shall have been made, first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace of such County, City, or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein , and such Justices shall, upon Proof of such Notice having been given and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash, and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive, and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanaing.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be Limitation brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thin"- done of Actiom.

[ Loc.&Per.] ‘ 7P er

v ' tr r

610 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 33.

or to be done in pursuance or by colour of this Act, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City, or Place where the Cause of Action arises, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be thereupon had, and that the fame was done under or by virtue of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become noni'uited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedies for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colts of Suits in other Cases of Law.

Publick Act.

XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

FIRST

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 33.

‘"iy^ filr. . / ^ r> '1 jg

FIRST SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act; being Rates of Wharrage, Anchorage, and Moorage.

RATES of ANCHORAGE and MOORAGE.

All Goading Vessels from Ports to the Westward of-The') s. d.

Holmes, not exceeding 40 Tons Burthen, for Anchorage 1 and Moorage, each Voyage - - - J 0 9

All Ditto at and above 40 Ions, for Ditto " 1 6"

Anchorage, Moorage,

each- per Ton.

s. d. s. d.

All other Vessels, under 30 Tons above 30 and under 100 Tons 1 6 5 ° 0 of-0 oj

above 100 5 0 0 I

RATES of WHARFAGE, CANNAGE, and PLANKAGE.

Allum

Allum (Roche)

Almonds

Anr.atto

Aqua Fortis

Aloes

Anchovies

Anchor Stocks

Antimony

Archilia

Argoi

Arms

Arsenic

Allies, Pot or Pearl

- Soap

- Fern

- Wood

Bacon

Do.

s. d.

- per Ton 0 6

- per Do. 0 6

- per Do. 0 8

per Do. 0 8

- per Do. 0 8

- per Do. 0 8

- per 20 small Barrels 0 r

each 0 of-

- per Ton 0 8

- per Do. 0 8

- per Do. 0 8

- per Chell 0 2

- per Ton 0 8

- per Do. 0 5

- per Do. 0 5

- per 100 Bushels 0 8

- , per Do. 0 8

« - per Flitch 0

, - per Ton 0 g

6l2

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 3$

Balks

Barilla

Bark, Oak

Bark, Jesuits

- Winters

Barrel Staves

Barley -

- Pearl

Baskets (Hand)

'Battens

Bay or Woollen Yam

Beans

Beef

Beer

Bees Wax

Bell Metal

Blanket

Boards, Clap Elm

- Paling

- Pine

- Pipe

- Scale

Wainscot

- Walnut

Boom Spars Bladders Bottles, Glass

- large, or Vitriol

- Stone

Bowsprits

Brandy

Brass (or Battery)

- Wire

- Wrought

Bread

Bricks

Brimstone

Brifties

Brooms, Whilk Brushes, Hand Buckram

Bugles Bullrulhes Bullocks Gall

Butter

Burrs (for Mill Stones)

- each

per Ton

per Ton

- per Do.

- per Do.

- per 1,000

- per Quarter

- per Ton per too Dozen

- per 120

- per Ton

per Quarter

- per Barrel in Calks, per Ton

in Bottles, per Do.

- per Ton

- per Ton

per Bale

- per Truss

- per 120

- per ioooo Feet

- per 120

» per Do.

- per Do.

- per Do. per 100 Feet

- per Do.

- per t2o

- per Hogshead

per 10 Dozen

per Dozen

- per Do.

- each

- per Ton

per Do.

- per Do.

per Do.

per Hogshead per 1,000

- per Ton

- per Hogshead

- per 100 Dozen

per Hogshead

- per 300 Ells

- per Ton

- per Load

- per Ton

t. d.

o o'

3

6

o 10 o 4 O 04. o 8 o 4

0 3 o 10 o 04 o 04 o 6 o 8 o 8 o 10 o 4

0 3 o 6 O I

0 3 o 1 o 04 o 6

o 6 o 10

04

I

8

Calamine

Calicoes

per Ton per 300 Ells

0 3

o 3

613

4?0GE.ORdn III. Sefl*. 2. Cty.33‘

s. d.

C.antharides - per too lbs. 0 2

Camblcts per 3 do Ells 0 2

Cambricks - per Box 0 2

Candles - per Box 0 od-

Candles, Wax - per Box 0 1

Capra vers ... per 120 0 10

Canes'or Reeds per 1,000 0 2

l Carpets - per Bale 0 4

- per Truss 0 2

1 C apers> - - per Hogshead 0 2

M Caiks f empty) each 0

1 Cafiia<Fiftula . . per Ton I O

an Cheese per Ton 0 8

a i i> .* per Balket 0 1

a £ C&'eck* - per 300 Ells 6 2

«1 Chfelnnts - - # per 20 Bushels 0 3

ai Cinders - * - per Ton 0 3

ol Cinnamon ... per too lbs. 0 2

0» Clay 0 . per Ton 0 2

M —— Tobacco-pipes - per Toil 0 3

91 —Scouring - per Ton 0 3

M Chalk - - per Ton 0 3

0! Cloth, Hair per Piece 0 I

91 —1— iiren ..! - per 300 Ells 0 2

0 J Sack - - per 300 Ells 0 2

0 1 — Sail . - per 300 Ells 0 2

9 Oj —— Woollen - per Bale 0 4

) S —1— 0: per Truss 0 2

1 6 Short per Bale 0 4

010 0 - per Truss 0 2

Cloves - - per too lbs. 0 2

Cochineal i - per 100 lbs. 0 2

Coals - - pei; Ton 0 3

a li Cocoa j ... per Ton 0 10

Coffee.- , - - - per Ton I 0

«1 Copper- Jo- - - - per Ton 0 8

Wrought - per Ton I O

’ Ore per Ton 0 3

01® Copperas per Ton 0 8

11 Cordage ... per Ton 0 6

9 ' Cork o - per Ton 0 5

0) Corks - per ico Grole 0 2.

9 Corn, Wheat, Bailey, Oats, &c. per Quarter 0 Oj-

9 Cotton per Bag 0 2

0 < * - per Pocket 0 I

9 1 — Yam - per Ton I 0

9 1 Cotton, manufactured per 300 Ells 0 2

9 1 Couries - per Ton 0 8

9 < Cows - each 0 2

t 1 Cream, of Tartar per Ton 0 8

0 Crucibles - per Caff; 0 6

9 Currants per Ton 0 8

[Loc. Per.~\ 7

11

47e GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cty.33

; 614.

s. d.

Cyder . in Calk, per Ton 0 6

' ‘ - in Bottles, per Ton 0 8

Dates or Figs . - per Ton 0 8

Deals . per 120 0 3

Dimities - - per 300 Ells 0 2

Dripping Pans - - per Ton 0 8

1 tiu'- i ut] -

Earthenware - - per 1000 Pieces 0 4

Do. - - per Crate 0 I

Do. Pots - - per 120 0 I

Elephants Teeth per Ton 0 8

Feathers - per Ton 0 8

Figs or Dates - per Ton 0 3

Fish, Dry - per Ton 0 8

- per Barrel 0 1

- wet - - per Ton 0 8

- per 100 0 4

Stock - - per Ton 0 8

Flannel - per Bale 0 4

- per Truss 0 2

Flax - per Ton 0 10

Flocks per Ton 0 8

Flour or Meal . per Barrel or Bag 0

Frankincense - - per Ton 0 3

Frize - per 100 Yards 0 a

Fustians - per 300 Ells 0 2

Galls - - per Ton 0 3

Geneva - - per Ton 0 8

Ginfing - per Ton 0 8

Ginger - - per Ton 0 8

Glass, Window - per Chest 0 1

Broken - per Box 0 °i

Broken - - per Ton 0 8

GlafTes, Drinking per 1,000 Pieces 0 4

- per Crate 0 i '

Glue . - per Ton 0 8

Graves - per Ton 0 3

Gridirons - per Ton 0 8

Guinea Grains per Hogshead 0 2

Grograms - 1 per 100 Eils 0 2

Gum per Ton 0 8

Gunpowder - - per Barrel 0 1

per 12 Kegs 0 2

Hair, of Horses or Cattle - per Ton 0 4

Hams per Ton 0 8

- each 0 oi

47° GEO£< GM HI. Cup. 33.

11

c!

01

:i

IH

ll

0 I}

ci 0 1 9 )

0 I

01 01 01 91 9 il 91

0 t

91

(i

1!

11

41

01

01

1

1J

31

9 4

6r 5

s. d.

Handfcopps. per Dozen 0

Handfpii.es - per 120 0 5

Hals ... per Hogshead 0 a

Hay 1 - . per Ton 0 6

Herrings - per Barrel 0 Ov

Helebore - per I on 0 10

Hemp ... - per Ton 0 10

Hogs or Pigs - per Score 0 2

Hides - per Dozen p 4

Hogsheads (empty) - - each 0 °i

Hogshead Staves per 1,000 0 4

Hogs Lard per Ton 0 8

Horses - each 0 2

Honey ... - per Ton 0 8

Hoops * - per 1,000 0 4

Hops - - per Bag 0 a

- per Pocket 0 1

Horn, or Horn Tips per-1,000 0 1

Hotwell Water - per Basket 0 ®i

Jalop ... - per Ton 0 8

India Goods per Package 0 4

Indigo - per 100 lbs 0 3

Iron, Pig - per Ton 0 6

Call (Inwards) - per Ton 0 3

(Outwards) per Ton 0 6

Wrought per Ton 0 8

- Broken or Bush&l per Ton 0 3

Bar - per Ton 0 6

Shot or Guns (Inwards) - per Ton 0 3

- (Outwards) - - per Ton 0 6

Iron Pots . per Dozen 0 a

Wire per Ton 1 O

Ifmglass . . . per Barrel 0 X

Jugs, Stone per Dozen 0 °T

Juniper Berries - per Ton 0 8

Ivory Black per Cwt. O 5

Junk per Ton O 3

Kelp - per Ton 0 3

Lampblack per Cwt. 0 s

Laths per i,oooo 0 z

Lead - per Ton 0 6

Ore - per Ton O 3

Lead, Red or White - per Ton O I

- Shot T - per Ton 0 6

Lemons and Oranges - per 10,000 0 8

Lees of Wine r per Ton O 6

Lime ... per Chaldron a 3

Lime Juice - per Tun 0 8

Liquorice . . - per Ton 0 8

6i6

47° GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. 33

Litharge - . - per Ton s. d. 0 8

Mace . - per 100 lbs. 0 2

Madder - - - per Ton 0 8

Manna per 100 lbs. O;

Marble - - per Ton, i6Eeet 0 8

Malls - - each 0 I

Match - . per Ton 0 6

Mats - - per 120 0 2

Molasses . per Ton 0 8

Mum - - per Ton 0 8

Mulk - per 100 lbs. 0 3

Myrrh per 100 lbs. 0 3

Nails per Ton 0 6

Neats Tongues - - per Barrel 0 of.

Natron - per Keg - - per Ton O O O

Nutmegs per 100 lbs. 0 2

Nuts - - per Barrel 0 Of

Oaker per Ton 0 8

- per Barrel 0 of

Oak Timber - - per Load 0 3

Plank per 120 0 3

Quarter per 100 Pieces 0 3

Knees, large - - - - each 0 of.

fmail Oil, Train , - - each - - per Ton 0 of 0 6

Olive - - per Ton 0 8

L infeed per Ton 0 8

of Almonds - - - per, Ton 0 8

- of Vitriol - - per Ton 0 8

Neatsfoot per Ton 0 8

of 1 urpentine "i - per Ton 0 8

Oakum - - per Ton 0 4

Oars per 120 O JO

Oats ' - per Quarter 0 of.

Oranges and Lemons . - per 10,000 0 8

Ox Bows - per Dozen 0 ol

Ox Bones and Hoofs - - per 1,000 0 of

Olives - per Hogshead O 2

Opium - - per 100 lbs. 0 3

Paper, White

- Brown

Plainer of Paris Pelts of Skins Pease Pepper.

Pearl Barley Pewter -

per 40 Reams 0 2

per Do. 0 r

- per Ten 0 8

per 1,000 0 6

per Quarter 0 of

per 100 lbs. 0 2

per Ton 0 8

per Ton 0 10

47° GEORGII III. Scfl.a. Cap. 33. 617

s. d.

Pewter Plates per Box or Barrel 0

Pimento per Hogshead 0 2

- per Bag 0 or

Pitch . - per Barrel 0 °T

Plank, Oak - - - per 100 Feet 0 3

Fir -- - per Do. 0 3

Elm . - - per Do. 0 3

Pork - per Barrel 0

Pilchards - - . - per Barrel 0 °T

Potatoes . - per Ton 0 3

Pigs or Hogs - - - per Score 0 2

Prunes - per Ton 0 5

Quarter, Oak - , - per 100 Feet 0 3

Deal - . - per ico Pieces 0 3

Quicksilver > per 100 lbs. 0 3

Quills - - per 10,000 0 I

Rags . - - per Ton 0 3

Raisins - - per Ton 0 8

Rape of Grapes . - per Ton 0 8

Rattans - per 1,000 0 2

Reeds or Canes . - per i,coo 0 2

Rhubarb - - per 100 lbs. 0 2

Rosin - - per Ton 0 4

Rugs - - - per Bale 0 4

- per Truss 0 2

Rum - . - per Tun 0 8

Rye - - per Quarter 0 or

Rice - per Ton 0 8

Saddle Trees O per Dozen 0 °T

Saffron . per 100 lbs. 0 3

Salt (Inwards) per Ton, 40 Bushels 0 I

(Outwards) , - - per Do. 0 2

Saltpetre . - per Ton 0 8

Sarsaparilla Saffaffas r " " - per Ton - per Ton 0 0 8 8

Seeds, Clover . . - per Ton 0 8

a per 20 Bushels 0 I

Millet - - - per Ton 0 8

Hemp -- - per Quarter 0

Flax . - - per Do. 0 °T

- per Ton 0 8

- Canary . per 20 Bushels 0 1

Rape - per Ton 0 8

Coriander m - per Ton 0 8

« - - per 20 Bushels 0 1

Carraway - per Ton 0

- per 20 Bushels 0 1

- Anise , *» - per Ton 0 8

~ ' 1 per 20 Bushels 0 1

[Lee. Ss* Per.] 7R

£i8 47° GEORGII

Seeds, Lints

- Mustard

Scythe or Whet Stones

Shreds of Leather

ShrutF

Shumack

Silk

- Wrought

Skins or Pelts

- Calves

- Deers

- Goat or Kid

- Rabbit —1— Seal

- Beaver

- Sheep —— Lamb Smalt Snuff Soap

Snakeroot

Spanish Brown

Spars, Oars, &c.

Spermaceti

Slates or Tiles

Spelter

Spice

Starch

Staves

Steel

Stockings Stone, Free

- Paving, wrought

- Do. unwrought

- Pumice

- Whet or Scythe

- Grind

- Mill

- Rag

- Burrs

Sugar

- Refined

Tallow

Tamarinds

Tar

Tarras

Tea

Tripe

Thrums

Dies, Pan

- Maltsters

III. Sefls2. Cap. 33.

s. d.

. per Quarter 0 0

- per Ton 0 8

- per 1,000 0 1

- per Ton 0 6

- per Ton 0 8

- per Ton 0 8

- per Bale 0 4

per Do. 0 4

- per x,oooo 0 6

- per .20 Dozen 0 4

per Score, 40 lbs. 0 1

- per. 1,000 0 6

per Do. 0 6

per Score 0 1

- per Do. 0 1

per 1,000 0 6

- per Do. 0 6

- per Ton 0 8

- per Cwt. 0 3

- per 1 on 0 8

- per 100 lbs. 0 3

- per Do, 0 3

per 120 0 10

- per Cwt. 0 10

- it per 1,000 0 1

- per Ton 0 8

- per 100 lbs. 0 2

- per Box o 04

- per 1,000 0 4

- k person 0 8

- per 20 Dozen 0 1

per Ton 0 3

- per Ton 0 6

" - per Toh 0 3

- per Ton 0 6

- per 1,0.0 0 1

r - per Chaldron 0 3

- per Do. 0 3

per 1,000 0 1

- per 120 0 8

- perjdogfhead 0 2

- per Ton 0 8

- per Ton 0 8

per 100 lbs. 0 3

- per Barrel 0 0-£

- per Do. 0 1

- per Package 0 4

- , per k.eg 0 0

- ~ per Ton 0 8

- per i,oooo 0 3

- per Do. a 6

47° GEORGII III. Seir.2. Cap. 33.

Tiles, Cornini Timber, Oak Fir

- Elm

Tin

Tinplates

Tobacco

- manufactured

Tobacco Pipes Tortoifelhell Turpentine Tow

Turmerick

Treenails or Trunnels

Veils Calves

Verdigrease

Vermillion

Vermicelli

Vinegar

Users

Umber

Wine

Wick Yarn

Wheat

Woad

Wood, Brazilletto

- Ebony

- Fleet

- Fuftic

- Lignumvitae

- Mahogany

- Nicaragua

- Logwood

- Sweet

- Red

- Sanders

- Lath

- Fire

Wool

- Irilli

- Spanish

- Rabbits

Yarn, Bay or Woollen

- Linen

- Cotton

Cordage

- Wick

s. d.

per 1,000 0 1

per Load ° 3

per Load 0 3

per Do. 0 3

per Ton 0 8

per Box; 0

per Hogshead 0 2

per Box 0 1

per Box 0 0‘

per 100 lbs. 0 3

- per Ton 0 8

per Ton 0 10

per 100 lb s 0 3

per t,oooo 0 2

per Ton 0 8

per Ton 1 4

- per Ton 1 4

per 100 lbs. 0 3

- per Ton 0 6

- per 120 0 10

per Ton 0 8

per Tun 0 8

- per Pack 0 4

per Sack 0 1

per Quarter 0 04

per Ton 0 8

per Ton 0 8

per Ton 0 8

- per Ton 0 6

per Ton 0 6

per Ton 0 3

per Ton 0 8

per Ton 0 8

per Ton 0 8

per Ton 0 6

per Ton 0 8

per Ton 0 8

per Fathom 0 1

per Fathom 0 1

per Bag 0 2

- per Bag 0 2

- per Bag 0 2

per Bag 0 1

per iao lbs. 0 3

per Ton 0 10

per Ton 1 0

per Ton 1 0

per Ton 0 6

j per Pack 0 4

per Sack 0 1

620

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 33.

SECOND SCHEDULE referred to; being Rates for landing and shipping Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at the present or any future Cranes in the Port of Bristol.

Landing or Icanding and

\'l .0,-4 ‘ Shipping. W eigtung.

‘ " s. d. s. d.

AnchovieS - - per Score Barrels 0 8 0 10

- per Score Kegs 0 6 0 8

Almonds, Argol, Alum, Annatto, and Anniseed, per Ton 0 ro 1 0

Alabaster ... per Ton 0 8 0 10

Allies, Pot and Pearl - - per Ton 0 10 1 0

A flies. Wood in Bags or Sacks, not exceeding Five

Bushels each °..1 0 1

Arms - - - per Chert 0 2

Anchors, 5 Cwt. and under - - each ° 3

from 5 to 7 c. - - . each 0 4

from 7 to 10 c. - - each 0 6

from 19 to 1 j c. - - each 1 0

all above - - - per Ton i 6

Apples iii Hogsheads - each 0 4

in Tierces - - - each ° 3

in Barrels ... each 0 1

in Hampers - - each 0 1

Asses - - each 1 6

American Boards, Planks, and other Lumber, per Ton, of

40 solid Feet, and Piling. (See Deals.) 1 6

- Brass, in Casks - - per Ton 0 10 1 0

Ingots, loose ... per Ton I O 1 2

Wire ... per Ton 0 10

Beef - - per Tierce 0 if O 2

- per Barrel O I 0 14

- per Half Barrel 0 04 0 of

- per Hamefs Tub O.

Blubber ... per Ton O 10 I 0

Butter from Ireland, in Casks of So lbs. and above per Ton I O x 3

in Firkins - per Score 0 8 0 10

- in Kegs - - - ger Score 0 6 0 8

from Wales, in Casks of 50 to 112 lbs. per Score 0 8 0 10

in Do. above 1 c. and not 2 c. - - each O I.

in Pots - - - per Score 0 10

Beer or Porter per Butt or Puncheon, of or under

120 Gallons 0 4

—; above *20 Gallbns 0 6

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. . Cap. 33.

621

Beer in Barrels of 6 to the Tun - - each

Beer and bottled Liquors in Hampers, not exceeding Three

Dozen of 4. to 5 Dozen in Puncheons or Iiogfheads in Tierces in Barrels

Bacon -

- in Chests or Bale

Brimstone, Barilla, and Burrflones

Bridles

Beans

Bones

Bulruihes

Bells

Bread

Beads Bellows, Smith’s

- small, in Bundles of 6 each

Bottles, Pottles

- Quarts

- Pints -

Biicks and Pantiles -

Paving Bricks and Malrkiln Tiles Large Fire Bricks

Black Jack -

Bark -

Brandy, in Pieces, from 150 to 200 Gallons Bulls, Oxen or Cows

per Score per Hamper each

- each - each

- per Ton

each per Ton - per Ton per Punch.

- per 120 per Score Bundles

per Ton

- per Puncheon per Hogshead

per Bag per Chest or Caik

- per Box - per Pair

Cun-ants

Chalk

Com, Beans, Malt and Seeds

- in Sacks above 5 Bushels each

Cotton

per

per Bale per Pocket

Cordage Coffee and Cocoa Cork

Cables.

Cyder, in Hogsheads of 100 to 120 Gallons

- in Barrels of Co Gallons

- in Kilderkins

Copper

Copper One, Copperas, and Calamy {Lee. & iVr.] 7 s

per Gross Do. Do.

- per M. per Dozen

per Ton

- per Ton per Ton

caeh

per Puncheon

- each

per Ton

- per Ton Score Bushels

or large Bag or small Bag

- per Ton per Ton

- per Ton per Ton

each - each - each

per Ton

Landing or Shipping.

Landing and Weighing.

3

1

3

0

3

4

01 4

2. d.

I O I 2

O IO

2 6

I o

o 10

24-

iL

t o

O 10

47° GEORGII III. SeR.2. Gap. 33.

622

Caines or Reeds

Coals

Cheese

Carriages; a 'Waggon

- Cart

- Coach and Wheels

- Chaile and 4 Do.

- Chaise and 2 Do.

Clay

Cornish Tiles, in Hhds.

- in Tierces

Cloth, a Pack

- a Bale

- a Truss

Calves

Corpse

- per Bundle

per Chaldron of 36 Bulliels per Ton . per Hhd.

- per Tierce per Ton

per Ton each each

Dye Stuffs, in Hhds. not exceeding 12 c.

- in Do. above 12 c.

- in Tierces

- in Barrels

- in Bags, id. each, or

Drugs, of all Sorts

- in large Baikets, Boxes, or Jars

- in small Do.

Deals, &c. (See American Boards-.)

Thickness.

~ C 2^ to In.

o /

p (-----

ST 2 In.

W I-----

Double Half-Deals Single Do.

All under Half Deals Battens, double —— Angle Fire and Latlnvood

Length.

9 to 12 Ft. 13 to 17 Ft. 18 to 20 Ft. 9 to 14 Ft. 15 to 20 Ft. 9 to 14 Ft. 15 to 20 Ft.

per

Lafhs, 4 Feet long

- 3 Do.

Oars, and, ) under 15 Ft. Oar Rafters J all above

- each Do.

each - each

- per Ton per Ton

- each

- each

C. of 6 Score Do.

per Fathom per Cord per-M.

- per M.

- per Dozen

Do.

Landing or Landing and

Shipping. Weighing.

V. d. s. d.

O 04

0 6

0 4

0 3

I O

5 0

2 6

5 0

3 0

0 10

0 6

0 4

0 4

.0 3

0 Ly —

0 2

5 O

0 6

O I

O IO I O

O 10 I O

O I ?nr

O o, L

»*.

2 O vb" t.vT

3 6

5 6

2 O

2 O

2 6

O IO RC>*. J

I O

I O

0 8

o 4

0 3 ° 3 o 4

47° GEORGII III. Sel. 2. Caf>.$3.

623

Deal Planks:

Thickness.

2 to 2-j. In.

3 In-

Paling 1 double Board J Angle Riga Logs

Length.

20 to 30 Ft. 30 to 44 Ft. 30 to 36 Ft.

- each each each

per C. of 6 Score Do.

each each

14 Ft. long 7 Ft. long Others in Proportion.

Mads and Balk. '('See Timber.)

Spars, round, from 6 to 9 In. through the Middle each

- 4 to 5 Inches each

- all under Inches - each

Small Spars or Boathook, Staff or Handspikes, per Doz. Users, from 18 to 27 Feet - - each

- 28 Feet, and upwards - each

Wainscotting, 1 Inch Boards - per C. of 6 Score

Elm Boards, 1 Inch thick, not exceeding 16 Feet long,

per Score

- f In. Do. - - 16 Do. Do.

- i 16 Do. Do.

Elm Planks, 2 In. thick, not exceeding 16 Ft. long, each

- 3 Do. - 16 Do. each

- 4 Do. - 16 Do. each

Upwards

Elephant’s Teeth Earth, in Casks

- loose

Earthenware

Eggs, in Chests

- in Boxes, not exceeding 1 Cwt.

Empty Soap Chests or Boxes Empty large Casks

- small Do. and Barrels

- Powder Kegs

Freeftone Flour

Figs, in small Boxes or Frails

for every 5 Feet

per Ton - per Ton - per Ton per large Crate per small Do.

per Elhd. per Puncheon each each per Score each

- each

- per Score

per Ton of 20 solid Feet

- per Sack

- per Puncheon

- per Barrel per f Barrel

per Score - per Ton

b inding and

s. d.

4

2i

0

3

2

4

3 3

6

1

Or

of

8

10

s. d.

1 r

4

♦i"*V

624.

47° G E.O RGII III. Sell’ 2. Cap. 33.

Fish, wet or dry - per Ton s. d. 0 10 s. d. 1 0

Flax - per Ton 1 0 1 3

Feathers - - per Ton 1 4 1 6

Flint Stones - per Ton 0 8 0 10

Felloe, Waggon - per Set of 13 0 2

- Coach

Glue, Gum, and Ginger

Grindstones

Gunpowder

Guns, under 20 Cwt.

- from 20 Cwt. upwards

Gun Stocks Glass, old

Gun Flints, in Calks of about 5 Cwt. each

- per Ton

- per Ton

- per Barrel

per Score Kegs - . - each

- per Ton

- per Dozen

- per Ton

- per Hhd.

per Tierce per Barrel, Box, Chest, &c.

per Ton each

Glass, and Glass Wares, in Hhds.

- in Puncheotls

- in Sides, Crates, or Cribs

- in Boxes - per Score

per Score per Score Kegs per Score per Score

- in 4 or t Boxes

Grits, Split Pease, Oatmeal, &c.

- in Jugs or Jars, not exceeding 3 G' each

- in Do. of 3 to 6 Gallons each

Hoops, Truss

- Wood, per Score Bundle; of 30 Hoops

- Barrel or Kilderkin

- Hhd. rind

- Barrel Do.

- Kilderkin Do.

Firkin and fmal! Calk

Hemp Horns Horn Tips Hides, Ox and Cow

- Buffalo, or dry

Herrings, wet or dry

- in Bulk

Hops

Hoofs

Hogs - r Horses

per Set each

per Score per Score per Score per Score per Score per Ton per 120 per 120 per Score per Score per Barrel per Measure per Bag per Pocket per 120 - each

Landing or Shipping.

Landing and Weighing.

IO

8

o 10 o 4 0 3

o

O 2 O 10

8

6

o

3

10

6

0 3 5

1 3

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 33.

Landing or Shipping.

X. d.

Horn Slugs m - per 100 0 1

Helm Straw - per Score Bundles 0 4

Hay - per Ton I 8

Hair, Horns, Cow and Horse Tails - per Pack 0 4

Hair in Bags, not exceeding i Cwt. - each 0 1

Hats - per Idhd. 0 4

- T A per Puncheon 0 3

, M per Chest or Cafe 0 2

M - per Box 0 t

Household Furniture:

Chest of Drawers . 0 4

Bureau M . 0 4

Bed . . 0 2

Bedilead . . 0 2

Table, large - . 0 3

small or round - 0 I

Clock and Cafe . 0 3

- Sofa 0 6

- Chair . . 0 cj

Chests . 0 3

Boxes 0 2

Junk i * per Ton 0 8

juniper Berries - per Bag 0 I

- per Ton 0 10

Indigo - per Ton 0 10

I on in Bar s, or Pig - - per Ton 0 7

Iron Hoops anti Sheet Iron - per Ton 0 7

all manufactured - - per Toft 0 7

Pots, and all hollow Ware - per Ton I 0

Ore - - per Ton 0 7

Ironware and Nails:

Shovels, Scvthes, See. - per Bundle of Six O or

A Cafe, not exceeding 3 Cwt. - O

Box or B&iket -

Hogshead - - O 4

Tierce or Puncheon

Barrel - O 2

Half Barrel or Firkin -

Kegs, Bags, or f Bags - per Score O 10

above i Cwt. - I 6

Callings of extra Weights, to be rated as marble Blocks.

Ifinglass - - per Ton O IO

India Goods . per Butt 0 6

- per Hhd. 0 4

- per Puncheon O 4

- per Chest 0 5

- per Cafe or Trunk O 2

[Lee. & PerJ] ?T 0

625

Landing and Weighing.

x. d.

o 10

0 i'

1 o I o o 9 o 9 o 9

o 9

626

47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 12

Kelp

Lampblack

Linen

Lemons and Oranges, in Chefls ----- in i Chests or Boxes *,

per Score - - per Score

- per Ton

per Ton per Dicker of i o Hides per Do.

- per Hhd.

- per Ti:?rce or Puncheon

- per Barrel

- in Kilderkins, Firkins, or small Gafk>, per’Score

Lard

Lead, and Lead Ore Leather, WeKh, tanned

- Engljlh, tanned

Lime

Millflones and Marble Blocks, or any Thing of }. Ton

- l-y I ons

- r 2 'Foils

- 2 t Tons

- 3 Tons

- 4 'Lons

All above 4 - per Ton

N.B. Mill Stones and Marble Blocks to be computed at 12 solid Ft. to a Ton, Freeftone 2c Ft. to a Ton.

MolalTes - - per Ton

- (Ship) - - per Hhd. or Punch.

- per Tierce

Mahogany - - per Ton, of 40 solid Feet

- per I on, if piled and weighed

Madder - - - per 1'on

Mats - - - - per Dozen

Magnus - - - per Ton

Mules - - each

Mill Cases - - per Ton

Natron

Nuts, in Bags of 3 Bulliels, and upwards per Score Bufcels

per Ton

Landing or Shipping

.. per Ton

per Score his. per Puncheon per Pack - - per Bale

per Box pet11 large died per fma'd Chefl the,) Bale from Dantzic; - per Truss

s. d.

o 10

o 4 o 4 o 6 o 4

0 1 o 6 o 4

0 3

0 5 0 5

o 4

0 3

o 1 o 10

10

3

10

10

6

10

Landing and

Weighing.

I O

o to

I o £ O

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Cap. 33.

627

Oil

- in small Jars, under 3 Gallons Oil Cake, loose -

- in Calks

Oakum

Ochre -

Onions

Ox Bows

Olives, in small Jars or Kegs Pork

Pitch.

- Stone, in Bulk

Pimento, Pepper, and Prunes Paper, of small Pack, of 1 o Reams

- large Sheeting, and Sugar House, per Pt

- Press or Pasteboard

per Bundle, not exceeding 4. Cwt. Pelts, or Wet Sheepfkins Potatoes

Paving Stones Pipes, in large Boxes

- in small Do.

Paint, in Kegs, to 56 lbs.

- in Do. above 56 lbs.

Puncheon, and Hhd. Packs Pewter and Lead Pipes

- in Hhds.

- Puncheons or Tierces

- Barrels

Quills

«. per Ton per Score

- per Ton

- per Ton

- per Hhd per Puncheon

- per Ton per Ton

per Balket

- per Dozen

- per Score

per Tierce per Barrel per Barrel per Barrel per Ton

- per Ton

xk of Reams per Ton - each per too

- per Ton per Sack

per Balket per Yard per Score per Score per Score

- per Score

- each

per Pack per Hhd. per Bag

d.

10

8

o

10

4

3

10

10

o o! o 1

o 10 o 10 O 3

0 5

1 o o 1 o 6 o 10

Landing and Weighing.

S. d.

o 8

Raisins, Solis

- Belvidere

Rotten Stone

per Score Barrels per Score Barrels per Score Barrels - per Score small Boxes

- per Score Jars

and Lipary, in Frails or Baskets, per Ton ‘ - per Hhd.

1 8 o 10 o 8 o 6

0 8'

1 o

o 4

2 O I o O 10 o 8

0 10

1 3

628 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 33.

- v-r.ihcgJ. Landing or Landing and

Shipping. Weighing.

s. d. S. d.

Rotten Stone - - per Tierce ° 3

Rum and Rolling per Puncheon 0 6

- per Hhd. 0 4

Rags in Bags . per 'I on 0 10 I O

loose m ► - per Ton 1 0 i 6

Rice . . - per Ton 0 10 1 0

Roffn - per Ton 0 10 1 0

Ragfiones - per Ton 1 0

Rock Salt - per Ton 0 10 1 0

putting, over the Side - Do. 0 10 I O

0 Staves from Hambro’ and Quebec Pipe - per M. 3 0

Hogshead - per M. 2 6

Barrel - - per M. 2 O

American Pipe - - per M. 2 6

Hogshead and Heading - - per M. 2 O

Barrel - - per M. i 6

English Barrel - per M. 1 3

Smaller in Proportion.

Sugar per Ton 010 1 0

Ship Muscovado per Hhd. 0 4

- per Tierce ° 3

Refined per Hhd. 0 4

: per Puncheon or Tierce ° 3

Lumps r - per Score 0 6 -

Salt and Saltpetre - per Ton 0 s 0 IO

(Shipping) per Hhd. 0 4

- per Tierce or Puncheon 0 3

Skins from Ireland - - per Hhd. 0 4

from Newfoundland per Hhd. of 63 Gallons 0 3

per Tierce 0 3

from Ireland, &c. per Chest 0 3

E^glifii Calves per Pack of 6 Dozen 0 3

- Calves, wet - - per Score 0 2

dry or tanned per Eundle of a Dozen 0 04

Seal - per Score O 2

Welsh Calves in the Hair ' per Pack O 4

Shumack and Sapphora - - per Ton 0 IO I 0

Soapers Waste and Scruff - per Ton 0 8 - 0 IO

Sassafras and Sarsaparilla per Ton 1 2 i 4

Shruir Do. 010 I 0

Scythe Stones per 5 Dozen 0 il

Sail Cloth per Score Pieces 0 8

Stones, Rag per Ton 1 0

Spokes, Waggon or Coach per Round of 50 0 4

Screeds or Glue Pieces per Pack 0 4

loose - per Ton 1 6

Sand Scourings - per Ton 0 IO

4;0 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cdp.y,

*629

Sand, Isle of Wight, and others

Straw

Sheep

Stockings

Starch and Smelt

Shot in Calks or Bags

Salmon

Spirits

in smaller Calks

Slates

Soap and Candles

Still and Heads Soot

Stourbridge and other Bricks

Sugar Moulds ----- Drips

per Ton per Score Sheaves

- each per Pack

per Half Pack

- per Hhd.

per Tierce or Puncheon

- per Chest

- per Ton

per Kitt

per Puncheon

- per Hhd.

- per Barrel

- per Half Barrel

- per Score

per Ton per Chest - - per Box

per Half or Quarter Barrel for every 100 Gallons per Puncheon per Hhd. r- - per M.

per Score

- per Do.

Tallow in Calks

Turpentine and Tar;

Tobacco (landing)

- (shipping)

Timber - - per Ton of 40 Feet,

Tin

Plates, in double Boxes in Angle Do.

per Ton

per Score Barrels

per Hhd. per Do. round or square per Block or Barrel

each each

per Ton per 100 per too per Bundle per Score Kegs

per Chest

- per Half Chest

~ - - - per Quarter Chest

Teaches and Furnaces of Copper or Iron, to too Gallons each ----- - - for each too Gallons above

Tarras . - per Ton

Turmeric Treenails, round

- square

Twigs

Tripe

Tea

Verdigrease, in Calks

- loose

[2.W. ts-' Per.]

l?T]

per Ton Do.

Landing or Shipping,

0 3

O 2 O JO O o). 0 6

0 3 o 14

O I

O 10

3 6 o 8

4

10

8

6

4

oi

8

3

Landing and Weighing.

S. d-

uni

ifv«

*630

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap.-3.

Velves

Vitriol

Vitriol Bottles, empty

Do.

per Bottle per Score

Wine

Wine

landing and rolling,

per Butt or Pipe per Hogshead per Quarter Calk per Ton per Bag per Pack

Wax

Wool, Spanish

- English

Wood; viz.

Boxwood, Camwood, Nicaragua, Brazilletto, and young Fuftic - - per Ton

Logwood, Fuftic, Ebony, Lignumviue, Redwood, and

other Dying Wood For Heels and Pattens Welds Woad

Wheel and Handbarrows

Wheels, Waggon, of 6 Inch Width, and upwards Waggon, Cart, or Coach

Water

Woollens

Wire

Worms

Yarn, of Linen, Woollen, Bay, or Cotton, ----- Wick

per Ton per Ton per Bundle per Hhd. each per Pair per Pair per Butt per Leager per Puncheon per Hogshead per Barrel - per Bale per Truss per Bundle - per Ton

per Pack per Bag

Landing or , Landing and Shipping. Weighing,

s. d. o 10 o t

o 6

o 6 o 4

0 2

1 4

0 2 o 4

s. d.

I ®

I C

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

J It

o n

0

01 6

ItU

ANNO QUADR AGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Cap. 34-

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent to make a fair and equal County-Rate for the said County; and provide convenient Court Houses for holding the Assizes and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace and other public Meetings within the said County.

[ 1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-third Year of the \/\/ His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing <3g-j- c-i*

V T so much of an API, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, ‘An Act to enable the justices of the Peace,

‘ acting for the Western Div'fion of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for 1 empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said

Divi/ion towards the same, as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired

exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division, and for the better ‘ Regulation and Payment of the publick Expences of the said County :*

And whereas it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that Purpose to assess and tax rateably and in due Proportions all and every the Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places within the said County, according to the annual Rent or Value of Estates therein, for and towards the fame: And whereas the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Kent are holden at Maid-

\_Loc. fs5 Per.~\ 7 U J- flout

630 47° GEORG! I Iii. Seir.2. Cap. ^4.

Jione in the Western Divisioii of the salt) County, and at the Old Castle of Canterbury, near the City at Canterbury in the Eastern Division of the said County: And whereas t he Coort-Houses or Buildings in which the Assizes and the said General Quarter Stilions of the Peace for the said County have been so holdcii as aforesaid, are too small and otherwise inconvenient and incommodious; and it is become expedient and necessary for the Adminillracion of Justice, tltat the Justices of the Peace for the said County should be empowered to erect, build, or otherwise provide, as when and where Occasion may require, proper Court-Houses with other Accommodations to answer the public , of the said County, and to purchal’e such Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises as may be necessary for such Purposes, and to defray the Expences thereof by and out of the public Stock and County Rates of the said County; but such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thL present Parliament assembled, and by justice? of the Authority of the same, That Irom and after the passing of this Act

Seftfons^nay t^le Jviltice? of the Peace for the said County of Kent in their General or

afleisthe Quarter Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments

County. thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required from Time to Time to afiefs and tax to the County Rates all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, and Place within the said County, rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the annual Rent or Value of Estates within such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Ii.mlet, and Place respectively.

Rental of th*

II. And in order the better to enable the said Justices of the Peace for the deHveredto* feist County of Kent, to ailels and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, ail and every such Par;fhes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets and Places; be it further enacted, That at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Kent after the passing of this Act the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said several Pariilics, Towns, Liberties, Precincts. Villages, Hamlets, and Places, shall and they art hereby required to make a Return in Writing to the said Justices in Sessions assembled, which keturn shall be verified upon Oath in open Court at the Time of delivering in the fame, by the Person or Per fops so delivering, in the fame, or the total Amouni of the Rental or Value of the several Estates, and rateable Property within the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Elatnlet, or Place to which they shall respectively belong, charged or assess'ed to the Poors Rate c>f and in such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place at the Time of making such Return, or liable so to be, and the Mode adopted of making such Rate shall be stated and pointed our in Writing upon such Return, and verified as aforesaid by such Churchwardens and Overseers, in order that tile said Justices may be enabled to dj cover the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates within such several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseeri of the Poor of all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village,

Hamlet,

next Quarter Sessiout.

Rental of Farifhcs to be returned annually to the Quarter Sessions.

631

47° GEORGII HI. Sess. 1. Cap. 34.

Hamlet, or Place within the find County, or fame or one of them dull in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and in the Seventh, and every succeeding" Seventh Year, from and after the said Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, at the Mick elm.is Charter Sessions to be holden in and for the said County, or at some Adjournment thereof, and oitener if the Jull ces in Sessions fh.ilI require, make a Return to the Justices of the Peace then and there assembled, of the total Amount of the Rental or ' a'ue of F.dates within such respective Par;(hes, Towns, Liberties, Precndbs,

Villages, Hamlets, or Places at the Time of making the Lift preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor, together with the Names of the several Persons and Parties charged with such Rate, and the Sum and Sums of Money rated or charged on such federal Persons and Parties respectively, and shall also state and point out in Writing the Mode adopted in making such Rate upon such Return, and shall verify every such Return up mt ‘

Oath in Manner aforesaid, an 1 every such Return shall be signed with the Name or Names of the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers so making such Rate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwarden or Over- Pj-n*’fv on seer of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Pre- and

cinfts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places within the said County, shall neglect Ove.ic r*not or make Default in making any such Returns in Manner a fpre said I Returns, then and in every such Cafi- each and every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor so neglecting or making Default (without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Sessions) flrall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds as flrall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Justices in their General or Quarter Sessions afifetnbled, by way of Penalty for such Neglect or Default, and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it Hull and may be lawful to and for the said Justices in such Sessions flembled, and they are hereby directed to iliue their Warrant to the High Constable of the Division where such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place shalfbe situ-i ateJ, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchw’arden and Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Ifamlet, or Place so nrg. lecting or making Default, in like Manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High Constable is by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,. An Act for the more easy afejing, coUctling, air’d levying County Rates, veiled with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers t>f the Poor, the Sunr alTeHld for the County Rates.

Tv. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Church- Parishej may wardens oj Overseer or Overseers of the Poor flrall neglect or mak«i ^th^u^no Default in making such Return or Returns as aforesaid, or if it, Return made, shall happen that, notwithstanding the incutring of any such Penalty pr Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Neglect or Default or Return for any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precina, Village,

Hamlet, or Place, shall not be made within the Time before limited for the making thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, and they are hereby required,

either

6^2 47° GEORGII iie Se/r.2. Cap. 34.

either at the said Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or ac fotne subsequent General or Quarter Sessions to be held for the said County, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to rare and assess each and every the Parish, Town, l.iberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or O^erleers. of the Poor, shall have so negkfted or made Default in making such Return as aforesaid, for and towards the said County Rate, according to such Estimate, of the just and (air annual Rent or Value of the Estates within such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure by any other Means than the Returrs which are by this Act required to be made as aforesaid, and to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within the several Districts and Divisions in the said County for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, coliefling, and levying the fame, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper, and all such Allowances, Compensations, and other F.xpences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournment thereof assembleri, charged upon the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor shall have so neglected or made Default as aforesaid in Addition to the Proportion of the said County Rate to be paid by such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, and such Allowances, Compensations, and Expences, shall and may be raised, levied, and col-lested by such and the like Ways and Means as the said County Rate can or may be raised, levied, and collected, and shall be paid therewith.

Patifhe* may be assessed whcie no toor's Rate is collected.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Place in the said County of Kent, where no Rate is or shall be made and collected for the Relief of the Poor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order and direct the Sum of Money which shall from Time to Time be alfcfied as or for the County Rate upon such Paiiffi, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Piace, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands therein, by such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers in such and the fameManner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law directed to be rated or levied, which Sum so rated and levied shall be paid by such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division wherein such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extia-parochial Place or other Place doth lie, within the Space of Twenty-one Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the said Chief Constable of such Hundred or Division, which Demand the said Chief Constable is hereby required to make at such Times as the said Justices of the Peace shall by their Order in Sessions direct; and in case such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers,

shall

47° GEORGII Iir. Sess. 2. Cap. 34. 633

/hall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so assessed, as and for a County Hate, after Demand made as aforesaid, such Chief Constable shall, and is hereby empowered to levy the lame by Difltefs and Sole of the Goods and Chattels of such One or more Inhabitant oj Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers so relufing or neglecting 10 pay the lame as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the IVloi ey affelled and the Cl arg s of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum before the same shall be so by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he, she, or they may afterwards rate and levy the same, or shall and may be allowed and reimbursed the said Sum of Money, by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands within such Parish, Towr.ship, Liberty, Precinct,

Hamlet, extra parochial Place or other Place, which any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County shall order and direct, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Powers and Remedies for the Rec very thereof, by Distress and Sale, in Lases of Non-payment, as are httein-before given to the Chief Constable.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Churchwarden or Ail-wing an Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Town;

Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place in the said County, shall at any Time or Times ha\e Reason to believe that such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, is over-rated by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Churchwarden or Churchwardens,

Overseer or Overseers of the Poor to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County at their next General or General Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, against such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place in which such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers shall serve such Offices respectively, and the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give such Appe'lant or Appellants such Relief as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall appear fair, just, and equitable: Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal no such Hate shall be quaffed or destroyed in regard to any other Parish,

Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Harrier, or Place, or Person or Persons assessed thereby; any Thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, That if any other Person or Persons shall think Appeal in him elf, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Act, Matter, or Thing oll"rClfe!' done in pursuance of this Act or the Powers hereby given, then and in every such Cale he, file, or they shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their next General or General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after any such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions assembl d, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give to all such Appellants such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair and just.

Expence* of Appeal* o ne paid by Parishes appealing.

Extending former Acts to ihis Act.

Expences of the Act.

Ju (licet may order Allow* in.cl to Constiblej

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 34.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, as betwixt Parish and Parish, or betwixt any Person or Persons, and any Parish or Parishes, or any Person or Persons respecting any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Ap-p als, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes and Persons, or such oi them, and in such Proportions as the said Justices upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter Sessions shall award and order the lame, or as such Courts wherein such Actions, Suits, cr Proceedings shall be inilituted, shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and-every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisions, and Authorities contained in the said recited Acts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Georg: the Second, intituled, An Act to continueftveral Laws therein mentioned for punishing fttcb Persons as shall iwilfully and malt clou fly full down or destroy Turnpikes; for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Wcrks ercCled by Authority of Parliament; for snaking Rivers navigable; for presenting Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames IVeflward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River-, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrefs, and for the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty's Subjects to and from the Fall Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions, and for limiting the Time forfuing forth IVrits of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more speedy Execution of Proctfs within particular Franchises or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justicei of the Peace of Counties touching County Rates, to the j'ufliccs of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within thenselves, as relates to County Rates, (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), and shall be good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the several Powers and Purposes thereof into Execution, shall be borne and paid by the said County, in such Proportions as the Charges, Burthens, and Expences arising within the County, to which a County Rate is or may be applicable, are, by the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, directed to be paid; (that is to say), One-Fourth Part thereof shall be borne and paid by the Eastern Division of the said County, and the other Three-Fourth Parts thereof shall be borne and paid by the Western Division of the said County.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said Couniy of Kent, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within such Dillrids and Divisions in the said County, where no Rate is or shall be made for the

, 1» Relief

I#

635

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 34.

Relief of the Poor for their Expences and Trouble in collecting and levying the said County Rate, within such Districts and Divisions as to the said Juflitres shall appear reasonable and proper, and to charge such Allowance and Compensation upon such Districts and Divisions, in Addition to their Proportion of the said County Rate; and all such Allowances,

Compensations, and Expences, shall and may be raised, levied, and collected by such and the fame Ways and Means as the said County Rate can and may be raised, levied, and collected, and 11.all be paid therewith.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That at the next General Quarter Sessions miy of the Peace to be holden after the passing of this Act in and for the said County of Kent, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, erected, and afterwards at any future General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, then and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order or Orders for ereCfing, building, and providing One or more Court-Houses with other necessary Buildings and suitable Accommodations for the more convenient holding of the Assizes, the General Quarter S. (lions of the Peace, and other public Meetings for the said County, and for furnishing, repairing, maintaining, and supporting the fame when so built and erected, or for the furnishing, repairing, maintaining, and supporting any Court-House or Court-Houses already built, with the Appurtenances thereto, as co them the said Justices so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time appear expedient and necessary, and* also to make such Older or Orders for the paying, discharging, and defraying all the Expences, Cods, and Charges of and attending the erecting, building, purchasing, providing, furnishing, repairing, maintaining, and supporting the fame or any of them, and also effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County, as to the said Justices so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall seem right and prfiper, subject to such Restrictions and Provisions as are herein-after contained; and they the said Justices or the major Part of them so assembled, are hereby authorized to cause such of the present Sessions Houses for the said County of Kent, and Offices or other Buildings thereunto belonging, or any Parc or Parts thereof, as^is or are the Property of the County to be taken down, and to use and employ such Part of the Materials as shall be fit and proper in building any new Court-House or Court-Houses with the necessary Accommodations thereto, or to fall and dispose of the said Materials as they now Hand, or of such Part of the same as shall not be made use of in any such new Court-House or Court-Houses with the necessary Accommodations thereto, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, either together or separately, and also to make any Contract or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, with any Person or Persons for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace at JuRiers miy any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment or £»',*<}’* Adjournments thereof, or the major Part of them then and there assembled,

shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to lime to treat, comract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons

intcrelted

636

47° GGEORGII III. Scfi: 2. Cap. 34.

interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditam-nts which the said Justices or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid shall judge to be proper and necessary, for the Putpofesol this Act, for the Purchase thereof, and by and out of the said public Stick and County Rates of the said County to pay or cau'e to be paid for the i urchafe or such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid, and the said Justices or the major Part of them, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase as doresaid, and upon Payment or Tender of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Houses, Bu (dings. Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purposes of being disposed of in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents at any Time thereafter to take Possession of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and that the Whole and every Part thereof shall be, and the lame are hereby declared to be vested in the Justices of the Peace for the said County for the Time being, for the Purposes of th;s Act.

r"a|b'in?ate;

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to an 1 Pe Ions for ad Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate

ted. or Sole and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or

for Years determinable on- any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and I iots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of theinfelvrs, their Heirs and Successors, but alf) for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Tru s, whether Infants, Iffbe unborn, Lur.aticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, who are or shall be seized in their own Right, and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized of or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary by the said Justices or the major Part of them afletnbled at their General Qu irter Sefimn of the Peace or at any Adjournment or Adjourmneits thereof to be purchased for the several Purposes of this Act, to treat, c-intraft, and agree with the said Justices or the major Part of them f r the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Rii;ht, Title, and Inrercft whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, for the Purposes of this Act, and all Contrafts Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall without any Fine O' Fines Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Ltw whatsoever, be good, valid, and effVftual, to all Intents and Purposes. not only to convey the Effate and Intrreft of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said fever.1 and respective Cestuique Trulls, and all Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim, by, Irom, or under hem, and of all Persons intitled in Remainder or Revrrfion, expectant on any such particular Estate, and the same shall be deemed and confiJered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reverfiun, Remainder, or Expectancy, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or i'hing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof

H

S

f*k)

S0!H

'Mil

ItltiSI

0, Qj

Udi

itaia

itoss

Wit

Mat! Ipp xdaU inW, Lma n W Behalf ti , Mob, 2nd all: {axed or i»J fa oi 10lK

rtf

liA*

nffa

10*

, 10 ® 10^ iiW jocti-f

feia*5

fiS

jd®1 0%' W tt, Do*"

3

I#

ll/

ii

47° GEORGII III. Seff,2. Cap. 3.4. 637

in ar.ywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to ^--inh"f;ins be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, £,uur,ie*'ao0j, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the ».ia upwards. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any 3ody Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband,

Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, or for or on Behalf of any Infant,

Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, Cestuique Trull, oi to any other Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, fetch Money fh ill, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant , General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Justices of the Peace for the said County for the Time being, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferted in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax; or Discharge ofany Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorise to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Land-',

Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so , applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or . such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Efteft; and in the mean Time and until such Putchafe shall be made, the said Monies shall . by. Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per (.er.tum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act in case such Purchase or Settlement were madr. j ‘ [Loc. & Per.'] 7 T

47° GEORGII III. Sell: 2. Cap. 34

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed so be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the PuTposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time beitlg entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committeee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be ngnified in Writing under their respective Hands be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Paid Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order so be applied in manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making fu<_h Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, such Nomination and Approbation to befignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner herein-before directed so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

if under *oi.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed to b? paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Uleof the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Julhc.es of the Peace, or the major Pa> t of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fir, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Whfr- any

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any CHieftion QueHiun shall shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant the Money. General of the Court of Ch ncery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance ol this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Pet Tons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entii led to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Poll fiion, until the contrary shall befhewn to the Satisfaction erf the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless, it shall

638

It less thin flit Hum ol 2001. and above 20I

47° G E ORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 34.

be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Perf'Mi or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thar where, by reason of

any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation en- rear, nabie titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased p*Pe|"3C|'’ess°^ under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the iame shall b p.id ny be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Trustees. Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the tike Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Pure’ f-:s from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this AT, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the Justices of the Peace out of the County Rate, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums.of Money fer such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Affu- Form of rancis of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the L'J.nvc^,*ncc said Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, shall be made in the

Form or to the Effect following; videlicet,

‘ t A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

1 paid by the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, acting by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the TiUe of this *. A£V\ do hereby grant and release to the said Justices and their Succe(T>rs,

Justices for the said County, all [here Jefo ibe the Premises to be conveyed]

‘ and all my Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame and every Part ‘ thereof; to hold to the said Justices and their Successirs, Justices of the said County for ever: In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my

Hand and Seal this Day of in the Year of Our Lord

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so made, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as to and against the Person or Persons making the same, and his, her, or their Cestuique Trulls, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under, or in Trust for him, her, or them respectively, or in Remainder,

Reversion, or Expectancy as aforesaid, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Periqns, and

- all Estates Tail, and all Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or . Expectancy, the Issue and Itiues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming or to claim under them respectively, as effectually as . tines and Recoveries would do if levied or luffcred by the Parties interested, and such Parties had been adult and without Impediment; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanuing.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and just;CM

for the said Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the <*ll old Court Peace, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or the major KouCe*-Past of them, then and there assembled, to sell and dispose of and by

Indenture

64.0

4V. GEORGII III. ScfT.2. Cap."34.

Indenture or Indentures under their Hands and Seals, to grant and convey by way of absolure Sale in Fee Simple lor a Consideration in Money, ail or any Part or Parts of the present Court Houses, and of the Scites thereof, as is or are the Property of the County, or of either of them, or of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as may have been so purchased, as shall in the Judgment of the said Justices not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Cletk of the Peace of the said County to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Pure.hase Money for which such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be so fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Lodes, Misapplication, or Non-application cf such Purchase Money or any Part thereof.

M-ney to be

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the bfcount1 A'd Sa*e of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be applied and Rate. disposed of by the said Justices, in the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, or in Aid of the County Rate.

pnti.fhtng

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wil-d.m'.'jM.? and maliciously break, pull down, or in any Manner damage or

Coj.t Houser, destroy any of the said Court Houses or Buildings so to be repaired, maintained, supported, provided, erected, or purchased as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted thereof shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years to such Place, and in such Manner, as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to fuffcr such Corporal Punishment, or to be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, or o.herwife as the Court befo e whom such Person or Persons shall be tried shall seem proper to order or inflict; and the Justices of the Peace for the Taid County in Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to order fu> h Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indictments at the Assizes for the County of Kent, and to direct the Expences of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treassurers of the said County for the Time being, out of the publick Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the said County, and in every such Indictment or Indictments, such Court House or Court Houses, or other Building or Buildings shall be alledged and described, and deemed and taken to be the Court House or Court Houses, or Building or Buildings fas the Cafe may happen) of " the JufLces of the Peace for the County of Kent," without particularly dating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Justices.

Justlcci may

She^STi.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may repairing be lawful to and for the said Justices assembled in such General Quarter

etlur Court . _ o A- '

Husk*. to Sessions

47° GEORGII III. Sess. s. Cap. 34. 6+t

Sessions as aforesaid, to make any Order or Orders for the granting and contributing by and out of the publick Stock or County Rates of the said County, of such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Justices < r the major Part of them so afletnbled as aforesaid, shall front Time to Time deetn requisite and necessary for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging any Court House or Court Iloules, Or any Building or Buildings used for that Purpose, now the Property of any Corporation or Corporations, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or ci any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors, in any of the said Towns or Places at which the said General Quarter Seftiotns of the Peace have been usually held; provided that the tree and uninterrupted Life and Enjoyment of any such Court House or Court Moults, or Building or Buildings used for that Purpose, towards the rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging, whereof any Sum or Sums of M ney which Ihatil be so granted or contributed as aforesaid, shall be for ever aiterwards effectual!. secured to the Use of the Justices of the Peace for the said Counts for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, any 1 hing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Court House and Buddings so to be provided or erechd as aforesaid, and the Buildings, i,i ii; jjiist*,. L inds, or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, and every Matter a id Thing appertaining, or in anywise relating the reunto, or to any of the.n. shall at all Times from and after the purchasing thereof, be veiled in, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Justices of the P ace f r the County of Kent for the time being, up n the Trod, and to lie End, Intent, and Pu pose that the said Justices fh It and do from T oe >Tiu>e,audat all 1'imes for ever hereafter,peaceably and quietly also jv, pe Mi!, .,r,d uffer the Assizes, the Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and all nrher Courts and Meetings to be holJen for the Public Act miniftra-tio of Ju ice, oi for iranl iciing the Publick Affairs and Bufinel of the hid Coumy, to be noldeu and kept in the said several Court Houses or Buildings, and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also allow, p ini'. and suffer the lame to be had, used, and enjoyed for all such other Pubi-.v k Uses and Purposes as the Justices of the Peace for the said County or the jor P.,rt of them, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shah i Time to lime direct, order, or appoint, uitn free Liberty for all Pen whom it shall or may concern to act and officiate in, and to retort to, and attend upon the said Courts and Meetings as they shall have occasion or think proper.

XXV ll. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace for the time being may sue and be ued in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, for or in respect of any Claim, Contract, or other Matter or Thing made or done by them or any of them under the Authority of this Act, or for or in relped of any NuiTance, Encroachment, or Trespais made, done, or committed by any Person or .‘erl'ons whomsoevtr, in or upon the said Court Houses, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of them, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof respectiy 1 v, or in or upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue of this Act purchased by the said Justices, cr in or upon any Part or Parts thereof relptdive1, n the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Counrv, or I is Deputy for the Time being; and in the commence ,', [Lee. Per. j 7 Z prosecutimr

Juflic's may l.it; in the Na»<e ot 1 he Clerk of the Peace

64z 47° GEORGII III. SeIT.2. Cap. 34,

prosecuting, carrying on, and defending all such, Actions or Suits, such Court Houses, Buildings, Appurtenances, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be deemed and considered in Law to be, and shall be described to be in the Possession of the Justices of the Peace/or the County of Kent for the Time being, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no such Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against: theta the said Justices or any of them by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or by any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, done without the Consent of the said Justices of the Peace for the 'l’ime being, but that such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit; and that in all and every such Action and Actions, Suit and Suits to be brought and commen.ed as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whosoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her, or their paying or contributing towards the Publick Stock of the said County, or by reason of his, her, or their being charged with or liable to pay or paying any of the County Rates of the said County: Provided always, that every such Clerk of th Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, shall be from Time to Time forthwith by Order of the said Justices in Sessions assembled, or the major Part of them, reimburied and paid by the Treasurer of the said County out of the Publics Stock and County Rates of the said County, all such Costs, Charges, and Etxpences as he or they shall be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aloiefiid.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Plate or Places of Abode Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced of stich intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his,'her, or their Attorney, by or onBehalf of the DefendantorDefendants, before such Action brought, and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit A«tio.ii. shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done by virtue, or in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen, and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his, her, or their Electoj), .; [ specially

Plaintiff not to recorrr if tiifticienl Amends be offered.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 34.

specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act, and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cases the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the lame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit iii any other Cases by Law.

XXX. And be it further enacted, ..That this Act shall be deemed and Publi. taken to be a Publick Act, and inail be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Aiidsew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1007.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMG

GEORGII III. REGIS.

a

An Act to enable the Reverend Alban Thomas Jones Gwynne, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge or rebuild the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Aberayron, in the County of Cardigan; and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels

WHEREAS the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of %/» / Aberayron, in the P2ri(h of Henfcniew, and in the Manor of ▼ v Llyfwen otherwise Aberayron, in the County of Cardigan, is become ruinous and insufficient for the Accommodation and Protection of the Ships and Vessels retorting to the said Harbour: And whereas Alban Thomas Jones Gwynne Clerk, Lord of the said Manor of Llyfwen otherwise Aberayron, is willing and desirous, at his own Expence, to rebuild, enlarge, improve, and maintain the said Quay or Pier, and also to improve the said Harbour: And whereas the Rates or customary Dues payable by the Owners and Matters of Ships and other Vessels making use of the said Harbour, have been found inadequate to support and maintain the fame, and are not properly ascertained, and there are not sufficient Powers to enforce the Payment thereof, and it is necessary, in order to the putting of the said Quay or Pier in proper Repair, and to the keeping of the fame and the said Harbour in good Order and Condi-

therein.

[Lee. C Per.']

8 A

tion,

646 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 35.

tion, and for building and making all requisite Warehouses and 01 her Conveniences for the Trade and Commerce thereof, that the Rates or Dues payable as aforesaid should be abolished, and that some further additional Rates or Dues should be granted and made payable: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Alban Tho- Parliament assembled, and by the Aurhoiiry of the fame, That the said nias Jones Lord or Lords of the Laid Manor of L!yfwen othersife Abeyaron for the Oe Lord Of Time being, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby aulnorised and the Manor for empowered to put this Act in Execution; and that from and after the

beiinT,11?'rut passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords of the Did

tins Act in Manor for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized

and to'ieuir ant^ empowered, from 'lime to lime, by Contract or otherwise, to

o. rebuilt! the cause the present Pier or Quay within the said Harbour to be repaired, tileHaTbour' or enlarSe(l ar)d rebuilt, or a new Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays to be and ii ake ’ built within the said I-brbajur, in such Place, and of such ConstruQion a^oiuiofif ant^ Dimensions, and in such Manner as he or they shall think proper,

' " and also to alrer and improve the said Harbour, and to erect, make, and build such Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, B fons, and othei iuildiogs and Conveniencies, and to cause to be made or done such other W< rk% Mat. ters, and Things, and also by Writing under his or their H md or Hands, cr under the Ham) ot Hands of the Steward or Stewards of the lain. Manor for the Time being, to appoint such Harbour Mailers, Quat Mailers, and all other Officer*, as he or they shall judge right and proper; and ailo from Time to Time to remove or displact any such Officer or Officers and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Stead; and that every Contract to be made for the Purposes aforesaid shall be binding.

Jorregulating H- And, for preven.ing any Injury being done to the said Piers, Quays, he M..criRg» or other Works,- or to Ships or other Vessels within thefsaid Har bour, the H-nbour -^e further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Tune being, or any Officer or Officers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and he and they, or any or either of them, is and are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, to order and require all Persons having the Command, or Rule, or Direction of, or any Concern with any Ship or other Vessel entering into or being within the said Harbour, to llation, lay, anchor, and moor such Ship or other Vessel in such Place or Places, within the said Harbour, and in such Manner as the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or such Officer or Officers, shall from Time to Time order and direct, lb that no undue Preference shall be given to any Person in the mooring or removing any Ship or other Veil'd; and no Ship or Vessel shall be moored or removed contrary to the Orders and Directions of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

Penalty on

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after injuring ihe the passing of this Act, empty or throw any Stones, Ballad, Earth, Rub-It.irbour. bish, or any other Thing into any part of the said Harbour, to the Prejudice thereof, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and that if any Person shall take away Ballalt or Stones from the

47° GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 35. 647

the said Harbour without the Consent of the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or his or their Steward, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, lor every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Tefi Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Limits of the said Harbour The r,m i>« shall extend from a certain Promontory-to the Northward called Craig

adu, other wise the Black Rock, situatein the Parish of Liar.ddeivy Aberarth, in the said County, to a certain Point of Land called Garrcg Ina, to the Southward, situate in the Parish of Llanina in the said County, ill a straight Line, drawn from Craig ddu to Garreg Ina aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Powers of this Act Act not to «-

{ball not extend to a certain small Creek, known by the Name of ^av*'.'" Llanddcwy Aberarth, and situate within the aforesaid Limits. aiti. Cuck.

VI. And, in order to defray the Expence of enlarging or new bull'd- ow

ing the said Pier or Quay, and of doing and performing the several other "£W"

Works aforesaid, and of maintaining and supporting the fame; be it paused, further enacted, That instead of all other Rates, Duties, and Tolls, which have heretofore been dtmanded, taken, and received, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord of the said Manor for the Time bei g, r any Officer or Officers acting by or under his or their Autho-t > alk, demand, take, and receive from Time to Time for all Ships,

> and other Vesse’.s, of whatsoever Description, which shall from hence-.a come 1 to or make use of the said Harbour, or shall lie at Anchor v dun the lame, and for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Tilings, landed or dripped within or from the said Harbour, and for the Passengers in every such Ship or other Vessel as aforesaid, the several Rates, Duties, and Tolls mentioned and specified in the Schedule here-unto annexed, or such other less Rates and Duties as shall be from Time to Tune appointed, to be paid in Manner herein-after mentioned, by the Lord or Lords of the said Manor, or his or their Steward, for the Tune being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Burthen and Tonnage of Penalty on every such Ship or Vessel diall be ascertained by the Custom House Re- ^r',cting°the gifter; and in case of Refusal, Failure, or Delay by the Matter or other Meafiir.ment Person having the Rule or Command of such Ship or Vessel to produce "^'sp8 and and shew on Demand, to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or to the Person or Persons appointed by the Lord or Lords of the said Manor to collect the said Rates and Duties, such Custom House Register, or in case there shall be no such Register, or in case the Collector or Collectors of such Rates and Duties, and the Masser or other Person having the Rule or Command of any such Ship or Vessel in respect whereof or of the Cargo thereof the said Rates or Duties are charged, cannot otherwise agree about and adjust the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, acting by or under the Authority of such Lord or Lords, and aim to and for any other Person employed by him or them

648

Penalty cn obstructlog Oitiiers.

4/ GEORGII III. Seir. 2. Cap. 3-5.

(hem from Time to Time, to enter into such Ship or Vessel, and to gauge and admeasure the fame, or cause the same to be gauged and admeasured according to the Method prescribed by an Act made in the Twemy-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for-the further Incrtafe and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Mailer or other Person having the Rule or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, or any other Person whesoever, shall obstruct or hinder the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or other Person or Persons appointed by him or them to collect the Rates and Duties hereby made payable, or any other Person employed or appointed by him or them to admeasure any Ship or Vessel in pursuance of this Act, or from entering on board such Ship or Vessel, or from taking the Admeasurement thereof, then and in every such Case, every such Mailer and other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

wharfage on

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchan-Gontis rc- dize t[iat shall be landed on any Pier, Quay, or Wharf within the said

Qaars^beyond Harbour, shall be removed and taken therefrom respectively within the Tiim"e<1 Space of Twenty-four Hours, to be computed from the Time of such Landing; and if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so landed shall remain'longer upon such Pier, Quay, or Wharf than the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and in every such Gale the respective Owners of or Persons having Charge of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall pay or cause to be paid to the Quay Mailer or other Officer of such Pier, Quay, or Wharf ion the Time being, for the Use of the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, over and above the several Rates and Dufies specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton, for every Ton of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so remaining on such Pier, Quay, or Wharf, for a longer Space of Time than Twenty-four Hours as aforesaid, and lik'-wife the further Sum of One Shilling per Ton, for every Ton of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for every succeeding Twenty-four Hours that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall so remain upon the said Pier, Quay, or Wharf; and such Sum and Sums of Money shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as the several other Rates and Duties by this Act granted can or may be levied or recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tal-tc‘ \° nn l°w> or any ot^er combultible Goods or Things wffiatsoever shall be landed €>n ..It Quay. on any pucfl p;el} Quay, or Wharf, or shall be lying on the Deck of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Harbour, then and in every such Case such Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, and other combultible Goods and Things shall be removed and taken away within the Space of Twelve Hours to be computed from the Time that such Ship or Vessel shall come within the said Harbour or Port; and in Default thereof, every such Ship or Vessi-l ff.all forfeic ai)d pay unto the Quay Mailer or other Officer of such Pier, Quay, or Wharf, for the life ot"the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, Ten Shillings per Ton of such Gunpowder,

Tar,

t

fc/sn

fe#

Hat

»Stf

ad*!

heal

wii

fact

iW

khfe

toi’ia

flu

Speed

Ora

JiztU

ict Ret,

Lcnfstf

its and

cShil-

j;ze(o

Jttlm

of Cat

iandizz,

ares, «r

iif; #i

itred

thiiS

ir,

krf*

(kfi* iif: 4P 0 ill'?

m

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 35. 649

Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay,

Straw, Tallow, or other combustible Goods or Things (over and above the several Rates and Duties specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed) for every succeeding Twelve Hours that the lame or any of them shall so remain, and so in proportion for less than a Ton; such Sum and Sums of Money to be paid by the respective Owners or Persons having Charge of such Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors,

Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or other such combustible Goodi or Things, and such Sum and Sums of Money shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as the several other Rates and Duties granted by this Act can or may be levied or recovered; and if any such Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors,

Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or other such combustible Goods or Things cannot be removed and taken away as aforesaid before Sun-fct, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners or Persons having Charge of such combustible Goods and Things shall be obliged to set and maintain at his or their own Expence a sufficient Number of careful sober Persons to guard and watch over the fame, such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as such Quay Mailer or other Officer shall order and direct; and in case the Owner or Owners, or Persons having charge of such combustible Goods and Things, or the Mailer or Matters of any Ship or other Vessel shall make Default therein, every such Owner or Owners, Master or Masters, or other Person or Persons, shall forfeit and pay for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding '1 en Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Alban Thomas Jones Commence-Gwynne is hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, and '"ei t ’ at all Times from and after Two Third Parts of the Estimate of the Ex- °j:ics* pence of making the said Pier shall appear, by a Return made to the Quarter Sessions for the County of Cardigan, to have been laid out, to aflt, demand, take, collect, receive, and recover, to and for his Ule and Benefit, the several Rates and Duties herein-after granted.

XII. And to the Intent the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act may Manner nF be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enacted, That in r-,cov'ri:18 of case any Owner or Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command RlUs’ of any Ship or other Vessel within the said Harbour, or any Factor or Consignee thereof, chargeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse or negkft to pay the fame, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, ihe Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed in pursuance of this Act by the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being to receive the same, to go on board such Ship or other Vessel, to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties, and on Non-payment thereof to take and distrain every such Snip or other Vessel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in respect whereof such Rates or Duties shall be payable, either on board such Ship or other Vessel, or on Land, and the same to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be Satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties for the {Loe. V Per.-] 8 B Space

Pfrfons eluding Payment to continue chargeable.

F.xe r pion fn in Duties ior VciTds in His ‘Via jetty's Service.

Owners accountable for Damages done by Boatmen.

GEORGII III. Se^. 2. Cr<p. 35.

Space' ef. Vive Days after any Distress-or Distrcftes so made or taken, then it shall and may be lawful lo and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or such Collectcr cr Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, to cause the lame to be appralfed by Two or more Lvorn Apprai ers, or other fuflicicrtt' Perforts, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Dillresses, and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof to farisfy ihcmselves or himself, as well, for and sn respect of the Rates or Duties so neglected or delayed to be p<:id, as also for and in respect of their or his ieafujiable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) to the Owner upon Demand; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, in case of Non-payment of the Rates and Duties as aforesaid, instead of recovering'the fame in Manner aforesaid, or in case the Whole thereof shall not be so recovered, to proceed for the Recovery of the fame or so much 'thereof as shall nat be so recovered, by Action of Debt or Trespass on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin/icr.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mailer, Owner, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel or the Owner, factor, or Consignee of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall by any Means whatsoever, at any Time or Times, elude, evade, or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby niade payable in respect thereof, or any Part of the fame, each and every Person eluding, evading, or avoiding Pa\ tnent as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the said Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being a Sum equal to the Amount of fuel) Rates and Duties, and shall also (land charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, which shall and may be recovered from such Master or Owner, Faclor or Consignee, or such other person having such Rule or Command respectively, at any Time or limes, e.'i.beV by the ‘Means herein-before prescribed for the levying of the said Duties, or determined by the fame Method and in such Manner as is herein-before direcredTor levying and recovering the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties imposed by this Act, and with the like Cods.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be. construed to extend lb as to charge with the Payment "of any of the Lid Rates or Duties any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or any Ship, Transport, or Packet, of Mis Mq'efly, His Heirs and Successors, nor any Ship, Transport, or Packet employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and ExpreiTes under the Authority of His Majesty's Polt-master General, nor any Ship or Vessel in the Service of the Customs or Excise, or any Vessel employed in or upon His Majesty's Service in the Conveyance of any Officers or Soldiers,' cr any Iloifes, Anns, Ammunition, or Baggage to them or any of them belonging.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner of, or the Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of every Boar, Barge, Ship, or Vessel lying or being within the said Harbour, shall be, and he, (lie, and they is and are hereby made answerable for any Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief that shall be done by such Boat, Barge, Ship, or other Vessel, or by any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, Water-men, or Seamen, or

other

'-3

tout

:yii

47° GEORGII III. SeC:2. Cap. 35. 65*

other Person or Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, to any of the Wharfs, Piers, or other Works maintained or repaired determined by virtue of this Act,either by the loading or unloading of any Boat,

Barge, Ship, or other Vessel, or by any other Mtans whatsoever; and the Matter or Owner of any such Boat, Barge, Ship, or other Vessel, shall far every such Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, upon Conviction of any such Boatman, Bargeman, Waterman, Seaman, or other Person or I’er-lons, before any justice of the Peace for the said C ounty of Car Jig,tw, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such duitice is hereby authorized and required to administer) or on the ConfeluJn of the Party or Parties offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation as Hull be pertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, provided that no such Damages, Satisfaction, or Compensation shall exceed the Sum of 'Pen Pounds, and shall also forfeit and pay to the Informer or Informers any Sinn trot exceeding Forty Shillings, to be settled and determined by such Jufficii; but in case such Damages shall exceed the Sym of Ten Pounds, then and in such Case the said Mailer or Owner of such Boat, Barge, Ship, or other Vessel, may befued and profecuced for such Damages, Satisfaction, ai d Compensation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WcJlminji,r; and if a Verdict or Judgement lhad be given against him or her, either on Proof made or by Default or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiffin every such Case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suit.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Boatmen, Barge- Matter? to nun, Watermen, Seamen, and other Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall be liable to repay such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation, and Penalty so ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, with the Colts of levying and recovering thereof, to such Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners, of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of such Damages,

Safsfattion, and Compensation, or Penalty, and that the fame and the Colts thereof have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, determined by such Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, or Seamen, or any of them", although demanded (such Oath to be made before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace) the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be levied and recovered, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal ef any Justice or Justices.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Dismay be and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or his or vaiied-their Steward or Stewards, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Rates and

Duties by this Act granted, and for such Time or Times as he or they shall think proper, and so from Time to Time to advance and again to raise the lame to such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think lie, net exceeding the several Rates and Duties specified in the Schedule hereto annexed; and all such Rates and Duties so altered, changed, reduced, or advanced, shall and may be levied, collected, and received in such and the like Manner as the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted can or may be levied or collected cy received.

65*

Puniliing Per-fjn» destroying Works.

may be maHe for the due Fxeci.tion of the Act.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cup. 35.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons flwll wilfully and maliciously demolish, break down, or destroy, any P.er, Quay, Wharf, Storehouse, or any other Building or Work to be constructed, erected, or made under the Authority of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending shall be subject and liable to the like Punishments and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and may and they have hereby Power and Authority to cause such Person and Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Felony.

XIX. And for the better and more effectually carrying the several Ob« jests of this Act into Execution; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Laid Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and establish such reasonable Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, for better regulating all Officers to be appointed or employed by virtue of this Act, and all other Persons having any concern with the said Port; and also for better regulating, governing, and managing all or any of the Carts, Drays, W’heel or other Carriages, and of Horses or other Beasts of Draught or Burthen used and employed for the carrying and removing of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize meant and intended to be exported out of or imported into the said Harbour, Port, Quays, Wharfs, or Premises, or for the carrying and removing Wood and all other Materials to be used or employed in or about the building or repairing of any Ship or other Vessel which (had or may be built or repaired within the said Harbour or Manor, or in or about the building or repairing any of the Works to be built, erected, or made or repaired in pursuance of this Act, or any other Improvement to be made in pursuance thereof; and likewise for better regulating, governing, managing, or ordering of all and every the Person and Persons who shall or may be employed as the Driver or Drivers of or attending any Carr, Dray, Wheel or other Carriage, or of any Horse or other Btafl of Draught or Burthen, which shall be used or employed as before-mentioned; and further for batter governing and regulating all Persons to be employed in or about the loading, unloading, carrying, or conveying all or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to and from any Ship or Vessel lying and being within the said Harbour or Port, or to be employed in or about all or any of the Works aforesaid in all respects whatsoever, as in the Judgement of the Lord or Lords of the said Manor, or the Stewatd of the said Manor for the Time being, shall seem fit, just, and reasonable; and also from Time to Time, as Occasion may be, to repeal and to amend or alcer such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, as to him or them may seem meet and requisite; and also to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for the Non-obfer vance or Non-performance or other Breach of all or any of such Rules, Orders, or Bye Laws, or any of them, to be recovered as herein directed; and ali such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and also any Alteration or Amendment thereof, shall be printed and distributed, when approved in Manner herein directed, within the said Manor of Lljfuen otherwise Aberayrvn, and hung up in the said Market or fume other conspicu-

653

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 35-

ous Plr.ce within the said Port and Manor; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, when approved of in Manner herein directed, and printed, distribured, and hung up as aforesaid, shall be sufficient in any Court ol Law or Equity to judify all Person* who shall act under the fame provided that such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called England, or to the Provisions or Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them,

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Rule, Order, or Bye Laws t» Bye Law which shall be made as aforesaid, pvirfuant to the Powers hereby judgeof given for that Purpose, shall be put in Execution, or have any Force, General sef-Operation, or Effect, until such Rule, Order, or Bye Law shall have been submiited to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the said County of Cardigan, and have been approved of by the Justices of the Peace at such General Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them for the Time being, by Writing under their Hands.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after completing Pier to Be

the said Pier the same shall be suffered to get so much out of Repair as not E"0

to afford the usual Shelter and Security to Vessels lying within the same,

and it shall be so certiffed by Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cardigan, on view of such Justices, and due Proof made on Oath before them by Two or more competent Persons, and Notice thereof given to the said Alban Thomas Jones Gwynne, under the Hands of such justices, and the said Pier shall not be sufficiently repaired and amended within Six Months from and after such Notice having been given as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth, and until the said Pier shall be amended and repaired, and shall, by any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, on view thereof, be certified to be in sufficient Repair, the said Rates and Duties hereby made payable shall cease and determine, and from and after the giving of the said last-mentioned Certificate as aforesaid, shall revive and be again payable and recoverable, as if the fame had not ceased or been suspended.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Recnverjand for Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Bye Late, Applicationot or Order made by virtue thereof (the Manner of levying and recovering Forfeiture whereof is not hereby otherwise directed) shall be levied by Distress and

Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Cardigan, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue, upon Confession of the Patty or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Or.ib; and the Overplus of the Money (if any, arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods ..nd Chattels, after deducting the Colls and Charges of such Dillrtls and Sale and ot recovering such Penalties and Forfeitures; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid. One Half thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Half thereof to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or any such Penalties and Forfeiture* shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for [Loc. S’ Per.] 8 C any

Form of Conviction

yt

Appeal.

Dinj ef* nc.t unlawful fv>r want of 1' orm

7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 25.

iiriy such Justice, and he is hereby auihofized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Oifender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Kail dr Mainprize for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Tvyo Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeiture- and all leafonab'le Charges attending the fame fluff be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXIII. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act; be it further enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Fprni,

or to "the Tike Eft eft:

of iiaignr.(hirt i |_>j? ;t remembered, That on the Day of

J 4 in the Year of our Lord

‘ H.B. is convicted before of His

‘ Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Cardigan, by virtue of

an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third [Here fat forth the litie of this Ahl,speefying the ‘ Offence, aidthe ifme and Place uhen and ivhcre the fame nvas committed, ‘ as vlv Cafe shall iff.] Given under our Hands and Seals (or Hand and ‘ Scalp tire Day and Year first- ateresaid.’

i maO . r ' :'f >i'i 'i ' to

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perfvills-shall think himself, herl'clf, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Order, or Bve Law, maue in ipurfuance of this Act, or-by any other Matter or Thing; done in ipurfuance of this Act,- then and in every such Case it shall and may be:lawful to.and for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sdiions of the Peace to be hidden for the said County of Cardigan* within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving-Qt causing to be given Twenty Days Notice at. the Jeaft in Wricing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, unto the Person or Persons appealed against, and within Ten Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions, and the Justices at such Setii-ins, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall heal and determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal, and award inch Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the Justice6 at such Quarter-Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties.

XXV. And be it further enacted,. That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deetne.l a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Deleft of want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trel'passers ah initio on account of any Irregularity afterwards done by the Party distraining, but

47° GEORGII III. UBZh&sZty.sS.

the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage, in an Action on the Cafe.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order. Verdict, Judgement, Conviction, or other Proceeding touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Offeree again!! this Act, shall be quashed for want of Form, or removed-or removable determined by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty s Courts of Record at Wijtminster or elie'.vhere,any Liw, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant ot Defendants, of left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Ten Days before such Adioh shall be commenced, of such intended Adiob, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficienr Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defandants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court wherein such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, flie, or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen, and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Cardigan, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead, at his, her, or their Election, specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Sixty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cases the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover

11 Treble

65 5

Procetingi not to be remov-.d i<y C’eitiorari.

Plaintiff not to 1 e over without No-iice, or after TerUler of Amend.

Limitation of Action.

[General Issue.]

656

TrobJt Colls.

Saving of Rights.

[Publick Act.]

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 35.

Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XXIX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Person and Persons whomsoever, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Right, Title, Estate, and Interest (other than those meant and intended to be barred and regulated by this Act) as they and every or any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Manor and Premises, or any Part thereof, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 35.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act, ascertaining the Tolls, Rates, and Dues to be paid within the Limits of the Port and Harbour of Aberayron, and within the Manor of Llyfwen otherwise Aberay-ron, as prescribed by the Act,

for every Vessel, not exceeding Fifty Tons, that shall be , laid up in ordinary for the Winter - For every such Vessel, exceeding Fifty Tons For every Coasting or Fishing Sloop, Yacht, or other Vessel belonging to the Port, yearly For every Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, discharging or taking in any Part of her Cargo within the said Harbour, per Ton, according to the Buthen of such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, besides the other Duties made payable by this Act -

For every Ship or other Vessel, above Fifty Tons, that shall be laid up within the said Harbour, though not for the Winter, yearly - For every Ship or other Vessel, above Ten and under Fifty Tons, that shall be so laid up, yearly For every Ship or other Vessel, under Ten Tons, that shall be so laid up, yearly.

For every Sailor’s Chest landed within or shipped from the Harbour or any Part of the Manor of Aberayron For every Ton of Goods, Articles, or Things, (except Coals, Culm, and Fish caught on the Coast), which shall be brought into or carried out of the Harbour by any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, reckoning for House-hold Furniture Forty Feet to a Ton, the Sum of For every Ship or other Vessel discharging or taking in Ballast, per Ton, according to the Burthen of such Vessel - For every Boat or other Vessel employed in the Fishery on the Coast, not exceeding Five 'Ions Burthen, yearly And if more than Five Tons, yearly ... lor every open Boat coming within the Port to land or ship oft any Goods, each Time, but not to pay more than Twice in One Day.

For every Coasting Sloop putting into the Harbour, each Time -

c

0

1

x

o

t

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

For every Ton of the Burthen of every Ship or Vessel built within the Limits of the said Harbour, the Sum of For every Quarter of Coals landed within the Harbour And for every Twenty-four Hours the same shall be left on the Quay or Beach, and at that Rate per Quarter, an additional Sum of.

[Lee. V Per.] 8 D

s.

li

o

o

o

o

10

5

o

t

o

5

IO

1

2

0

o

o

d.

o

o

a

2

9

9

O

6

o

4

o

o

o

6

6

3

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 35.

SCHEDULE—continued.

For every Quarter of Culm landed within the Harbour And for every Forty-eight Hours the same shall remain on the Quay or Beach, and at that Rate per Ton, an additional Sum of For every Hundred Weight of Cheese For every One thousand of Slate landed within or /hipped from the Harbour or Manor For every Ton of Brick, reckoning Five Hundred to a Ton -

For ev^ry Crate of Earthen Ware -

For all Passengers coming, or going to or from the said Harbour, at the Rate of Sixpence in the Pound on the Amount of the Fare of such Passengers, the same to be paid by the Mailer of the Vessel -

For every Bundle of Butt Hoops containing Two Dozen, and in that Proportion.

For every such Bundle of other Hoops, and in that Proportion -

For every Ship or other Vessel that fltali come to an Anchor within the Limits of the said Harbour, and for every Anchor of under Fifty Tons, the Sum of If above Fifty and not exceeding One hundred Tons If above One hundred Tons ..

For all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, and Effects whatsoever, that shall be exported from or imported within the said Harbour or the Limits thereof, or within the said Manor of Llyfwen otherwise Aberayron, by the Ton, Weight, or Measure, according to the Na- j ture of such Articles respectively. subject nevertheless to j the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, the Sum of -

£. s. d.

003

c 6 3

002

003

010

00 6

006

001 o o 0{

010 o " i 6 020

All the before-mentioned Tolls, Dues, or Rates, where not particularly specified, to be paid Double by all Peffons whomsoever not being Subjects of His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, iScy.

ANNO QUA DR AG ESI MO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SelE 2.

*H* *

Cap. 56.

An Act to enable His Majesty to vest the Sands of Traeth Mawr, dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexander Madocks Esquire. [1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS there is a certain Trail of Sands situate on the Estuary called Traeth-Mawr, dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, and extending from Pont Aberglaflyn to the Point of Gift, which, in its present State, is unproductive and incapable of being cultivated, and the Passage over the fame is frequently attended with great Inconvenience, Delay, Difficulty, Expence, and Danger: And whereas, if the said Sands were proteCled from the Sea by Embankments and other necessary Works, the fame might be cultivated and rendered productive, and the Communication between the said Two Counties would be thereby greatly facilitated and improved, and such Embankments and Works would also be ofpublick Utility, but the making and maintaining of the fame will be attended with considerable Difficulty and Expence: And whereas William Alexander Madocks, of Tan yr Allt, in the County of Carnarvon, Esquire, is deftrous of constructing and making such Embankments, Sea Walls, Ramparts, Fences, Sluices, Bridges, and other Works, as may be necessary for protecting the said Sands from the Influx of the Sea, at his own Expence, on having the fame vested in him and his Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple: And whereas His Majesty, in right of His Crown, claims to be entitled to the said Sands, and being deftrous of encouraging Undertakings of publick Utility, His Majesty has been mod graciously pleased to signify his royal Pleasure, that so much of the said TraCl of Sands from the Point of Gift to Pont Aberglaflyn aforesaid, as shall be protected from the Influx of the Sea, by the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, in Manner aforesaid, shall (as far as His Majesty is interested therein! be [Z.w. Is Per.\ i E granted

66 2

For enabling His Majesty to veil certain Sands in William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs, &c.

Commissioner lor setting cut Boundaties.

For the Appointment of a new Com mif-honer.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 36.

granted and and confirmed to, and vested in the said William Alexander Madocis, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple; bur, as Inch His Majesty's Pleasure cannot fee carried into Effect without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Sands as shall in Manner aforesaid be protected from the influx of the Sea by the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in and confirmed unto the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Assigns, freed and absolutely discharged from all Claim, Right, and Title whatsoever of His Majesty, in right,of Llis Crown and Dignity, and of His Heirs and Successors: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall be confirmed or taken to vest in the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, any of the Marsh Lands adjoining the said Sands, and which have hitherto been occupied or enjoyed as Pasturage, and as Parc of, or as appurtenant to any Freehold Lands or Tenements.

II. And be it further enacted, That Benjamin Wyatt of Lime Grove, in the County of Carnarvon, Esquire, shall be, and he is hereby appointed a Commissioner for ascertaining, letting our, and determining the Boundaries of the said Tract of Sands by virtue of this Act, to be granted to the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Assigns, and of the Marsh Lands hereby made liable to the Payment of an Annual Rene as herein-after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Benjamin Wyatt, or any Person to be nominated and appointed, by virtue of this Act, a Commissioner for ascertaining, fixing, and determining such Boundaries as aforesaid, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, then, and in every ruch Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for Mary jane Ormsby of Psrkington, in the County of Salop, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn of Wynnjlay, in the County of Denbigh, Baronet, Sir Edward Pryfe Lloyd of Pengwern, in the County of Flint, Baronet, and the said William Alexander Madocks, their respective Heirs and Assigns, or the major Part of them, who shall be present in Person, cr by their respective Agents or Proxies, duly authorized, by Writing under their respective Hands, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Twenty-one Day’s Notice, in Writing, signed by the said Mary Jane Ormsby, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Sir Edward Pryfe Lloyd, William Alexander Madocks, or their respective Heirs or Assigns, or any One of them, shall be given by Advertis'ement, to be inserted in the Chester Chronicle, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County o\Carnarvon; and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the Hands of the major Part of them, then and there present, a proper Person, not interested in the said Boundaries, to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting, and so from Time to Time, as often as any such Case shall happen; and every Commissioner, so to be nominated and appointed, shall,after taking the Oath next herein-after

mentioned

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 36. 663

mentioned, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Recuia-tions, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner for ascertaining, fixing, and determining such Boundaries in and by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case no Nomination Ir c.re 0e n0 and Appointment of such Commissioner, for ascertaining, fixing, and de- such Ap. termining such Boundaries, shall be made at such Meeting, then, and in pojntment, every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Rid Mary "Jan;

Ortnjby, Sir Watkir. Williams Wynn, Sir Edward Fryje Lloyd, and Wil- "

Earn Alexander Madocks, or their respective Heirs or Assigns, or any of them, to apply to the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County of Carnarvon, for the Purpose of having a Commissioner appointed for the ascertaining, fixing, and determining such Boundaries, (the Person or Persons intending to make such Application fir It giving Ten Days’ Notice of such, his, her, or their Intention of making such Application in the Chester Chronicle, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Carnarvon,) and the Justices of the Peace, at such Quarter SdTions assembled, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint a proper Pciiun, not interested in the Premises, to be a CommilEoner for the Purpo c of ascertaining, fixing, and determining such Boundaries; and every C immissioner, so to be nominated and appointed, shall, after tak ng the Oath next herein-after mentioned, have the like Power and Authority for earr ing this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner for ascertaining, fixing, and determining such Boundaries in and by this Act.

V. Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of acting as such Qualification

Commissioner, until he shall have taken the following Oath j (that is to Dt <-'otnaiir-say), fi0ne'-

| A.B. do swear that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly exa- Commis-mine into, hear, and determine all such Matters and Things as shall fiooer’s be brought before me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act of Par- 0a,h* liament made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here recite the Title of this A A,] and otherwise execute the Powers thereby in me reposed, according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affection to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Carnarvon, to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same accordingly.

VI. And, for the Purpose of ascertaining, fixing and determining the For afeer-Boundaries of the said Tract of Sands, and of the Marsh Lands hereby ‘airing made liable to the Payment of an Annual Rent, be it further enacted, Boundariesi That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to cause Notice of his Intention to perambulate the Boundaries thereof to be inferred

664

Commissioner to settle Differences.

Comn iffioner may summon Witnesses.

Commissioner to affess Colls.

Parties may try their Rights by an Issue at Law.

47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 36.

lerted in the Chester Chronicle, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated within the County of Carnarvon, Ten Days at lead: before the Time of such Perambulation, and after the Expiration of the Time to be specified in such Notice the said Commissioner is hereby authorised and required to inquire into, fct out, ascertain, fix, and determine the Boundaries of the said Tract of Sands, and of the said Marsh Lands hereby made liable to the Payment of an Annual Rent as herein-after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Boundaries it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to administer,) as upon any other proper and sufficient Inquiry, Evidence, and Satisfaction, to examine into, hear, and determine the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner and he is hereby required, from Time to Time as he shall see Occasion, by any Writing under his Hand, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before him at any Time and Place in such Writing mentioned, to teffify the Truth upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to administer) touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Boundaries, or any Part or Parts wherein any Doubt or Difficulty shall occur to the said Commissioner.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Dispute or Difference touching or concerning the said Boundaries, fee cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, aflel's, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or reful'e to pay the fame on demand, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interested, or claiming to be interested in the said Boundaries, shal) be dissatisfied with any Determination

668

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 36.

Rent Charge, One-fifth Part of the Annual Rent at which the same shall be from Time to Time let, or of One fifth Part of the Annual Value thereof, at the Option of the Paid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns; such Annual Value to be ascertained by Two indifferent Persons, one of whom to be chosen by the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or AlTigns, and the other to be chosen by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Land intended to be valued as aforesaid, or by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Time being; and in case such Two Valuers cannot agree in making such Valuation, then the same shall be ascertained by an Umpire previously fixed upon by such Two Persons: And the Paid Wiltiam Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, shall, previous to such Valuation being made, give One Calendar Month’s Notice to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Land intended to be valued as aforesaid, of the Day on which, and the Hour when such Valuation is to be made, and requiring such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, to appoint a Valuer as aforesaid: And in case such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, shall refuse or neglect to appoint a Valuer as aforesaid, or in case such Valuer shall not attend on the Day, and at the Hour which shall be appointed as aforesaid, then the Valuer which shall be appointed by the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, shall and may proceed to make the Valuation aforesaid alone, and such Valuation shall be final and con-clulive to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been made by such Two Valuers as aforesaid: And in case such Two Valuers cannot agree in choosing an Umpire or third Person as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Magistrate of the County in which such Land shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required, on the Application of the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, to appoint such Umpire, Notice in Writing having been given to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of such Application Seven Days previous to such Appointment: And the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, dull and may have the fame Remedies for the Recovery of the said Rents or Value, as any Landlord now hath by Law for the Recovery of Rent in Arrear; and such Rents or Value shall be paid by Two Half yearly Payments; that it to say, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September, the first Half yearly Payment to become due on such of the said Days as shall next happen after the Exclusion of the Sea as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to charge with the ft ln Com- Payment of such Rent Charge any Lands already inclosed against the Influx pcfaTion?"1 of the Sea, it being the rue Intent and Meaning of this Act to charge

proviso describirg the Lands Tub-

with the Payment of such Rent Charge such Lands only as are not embanked so as to prevent the Influx of the Sea.

Proviso, for XV

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if at any Time or' txcmpiing Times any Breach shall happen in the said Embankments or other Works Lands flow so matje 5y virtue of this Act, or in any Part or Parts thereof, so as to %?£ the Sea to overflow the said Marsh Lands by this Act charged and

oHBrtach in aflfcfled with the Payment of the said Rent Charge to the said William the Em- Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Assigns, then and in such Calc such tunkment. j^n£ q^oc shall from thenceforth discontinue and cease to be payable

47° GEORGII III. Seif. 2. Cap. 36. 667

shall, and they are hereby required to make good and sufficient Fences Sands, di-for effectually separating the fame from the said Sands within Six Calendar "f^eFences Months after the aforesaid Embankments shall be completed, in case the na 0 enc 5‘ fame shall be so completed between the Months of July and February, or within the Space of Nine Calendar Months, in case the same shall be completed between the Months of ‘January and August; and such Fences, together with such Ditches as shall be necessary, shall be made on and within the said Mar(h Lands, or other Lands adjoining the said Sands, and shall be from Time to Time for ever kept and maintained in good and sufficienc Repair by the Owners or Proprietors of such Mar(h Lands, or other Lands j and in case such Fences shall not be made within the respective Times aforesaid, the Person or Persons who ought to have made the same shall forfeit and pay to the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Rood of Eighc Yards, which shall not be effectually fenced as aforesaid, and he, (he, and they are hereby authorized to make or complete such Fences respectively, in case of Default as aforesaid; and the Sufficiency or Insufficiency of such Fences shall be determined upon by any Justice of the Peace of the County in which the same shall be, on the Application of the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns; and such Justice shall and may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, in case of Non-payment of such Forfeiture within Seven Days after the same shall become payable and demanded, to cause the same to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle which may be found on the Lands so fenced out as aforesaid by the said William Alexander Madocks, his Fleirs or Assigns.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said William Alexander Madocks, Satisfaction his Heirs and Assigns, shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby re- to be made quired to make full Recompence, Satisfaction, and Compensation to the for Damages. Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be used, affected, injured, or damaged, for all Damages by him or them sustained in or determined by the Execution

of any of the Powers of this Act; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between the said William Alexander Madochs, his Heirs or Assigns, and any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, touching or respecting the Amount of such Damages, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Carnarvon, and they are hereby required, at the first General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the doing of such Damage, to hear, settle, and determine the fame, and their Decision therein shall be final anJ conclusive.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the making the Marsh Lands aforesaid Embankment, and such other Works as shall be necessary for to pay a cer-preventing the Influx of the Sea as aforesaid, the several Owners and Oc- tain Ren‘-cupiers ot all such Marsh Lands on each Side of the said Estuary which char8e-have been hitherto overflowed by the Sea at Spring Tides, and which by the making the said Embankment and other Works shall be protected from the Influx of the Sea, shall pay, or cause to be paid to the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, for his, her, and their own Ulc and Scnefic, in each and every Year, by way of a

Rent

666 47' GEORGII III. Sess. i. Cap. 36-

of (he Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid) , and the other Part of the said Award shall be delivered to the said William Alexander Madoeks, his Heirs or Assigns, and both Parts of the said Award, or a true Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, attested by the said Commissioner, or by the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, (for which Copy no more shall be paid than Two-pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words), shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereat ter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatsoever, and the said Award shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be binding and conclusive unto and upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said William Alexander Madoeks, his Heirs and Assigns, and he, she, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to construct and make, and from Time to Time to repair, alter, enlarge, and maintain such Banks, Walls, Ramparts, Mounds, Fences, Sluices, Flood-gates, Bridges, and other Works and Things, as he, she, or they shall judge necessary or proper, across the said Estuary, at any Place or Places between Pont Aterglajlyn and the Point of Gejl aforesaid, for the Purpose of protedling the said Sands from the Tides and Influx of the Sea; and also to conned and attach the said Banks, Walls, Ramparts, Mounds, Fences, Sluices, Floodgates, Bridges, or other Works to the Lands of any Person or Persons whomsoever on each Side of the said Estuary: And also to dig, raise, get, remove, take, and carry away any Clay, Stones, Earth, Gravel, or Soil, or other Materials (except Timber) which may be necessary or wanted for the constructing and making the same, from the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, within the Parishes of Tnyjcynhaiaran and Llanf.hangcl-y-Praethau, doing as little Damage as may be, and paying the Value of such Materials to the Owner or Owners thereof, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons entitled thereto for any Damage that may be sustained by him, her, or them, in getting or removing the aforesaid Materials; and in Case of any Difference or Dil’pute respecting such Satisfaction, or the Compen-l'ation to be made for such Damages, the same shall be settled and determined in Manner herein directed; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said William Alexander Madoeks, his Heirs and Assigns, and all and every Person or Persons afling by or under his, her, or their Authority, ior what he, she, or they may do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, subject to the Provisoes and Restridhons herein mentioned.

Banks and Fences, &c. to be con-

ilruvlc d.

Gardens,s-c.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, that nothing herein contain-not to be ed shall extend, or be cor.strued to extend, so as to enable the said Wil-

injwed. ncra Alexander Madoeks, his Heirs or Assigns, to dig, bore, get, take, or

carry away any Earth, Clay, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials in, upon, out of, or from any Garden, Orchard, Park, Planted Walks, Pleasure Grounds, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof.

Owners of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Owners or Pro-Lands prjcturs 0t the Marsh Lands, and other Lands adjoining the said Sands, joining he r shall.

6«$

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 36.

nation of the said Commissioner touching, or concerning any Boundary or Boundaries, so set out and determined by the said Commissioner. then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by the said Commissioner, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought in the Court of Great Session for the said County of Carnarvon, upon a feigned Issue against the said Commissioner, within Three Calendar Months next after' such Determination of the said Commissioner, with which such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate shall be so dissatisfied as aforesaid, and the said Commissioner in such Action or Actions, shall, and he is hereby required to name an Attorney who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or 1 flues whereby such Boundary or Boundaries may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which the said Affiort or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the lame,) and the Verdict or Verdicts, which shall be given in such Action or Actions, shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all and every Person or Persons whomsoever. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court, wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which ic shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to set out, fix, and determine such Boundary or Boundaries thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials:

Provided always, that in case the Determination of the said Commissioner, with respect to such Boundary or Boundaries, shall not be objected to, or being objected to, such Action or Actions at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in the Manner hereinbefore for that Purpose mentioned, such Determination shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so soon as conveniently may be Award to be, after the said Commissioner shall have ascertained, fixed, and determined >"ade» the Boundaries of the said Tract of Sands, and of the said Marsh Lands, hereby made liable to the Payment of an Annual Rene as herein-a-ter mentioned, he shall form and draw up an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall ascertain and describe the Boundaries of the said Tract ot Sands, and Marsh Lands, and shall express and denote the Quanticy in Statute Measure of Acres, Roods, and Perches thereof; and two Parts of the said Award, with a Map or Plan of the said Tract of Sands and Mar(h Lands, and of the Boundaries thereof, thereto respectively annexed, shall be fairly ingossed, or written on Parchment, and signed, sealed, and delivered by the said Commissioner; and one Part of the said Award shall, within Ten Days after the Execution thereof, be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Carnarvon, who is hereby required 10 receive and preserv the fame with the Records of the said County, lo that Recourse may be had thereto, by any Person or Persons interested in the Premises, (for the inspection and Perusal wherever & Ptr.-] F of

669

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 36.

for and during such Time as such Embankment or other Works shall be and remain unrepaired, and the Sea shall be admitted so as to overflow such Marsh Lands.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ou*

and for the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, and

he, she, and they is and are hereby authorized and required, after Embanking the said Sands as aforesaid, to set out Two or more Roads across the fame, one of which to lead from Llidiart y Spy tty to Ynys bir, and thence towards Harlech, and one other of which Roads to lead from the present Turnpike Road leading from Beddgclert to Criccieth, at or near a Place called Prenteg, to or near to a Place called Ynysfawr, otherwise Knysfordd, towards Tan y bivlcb, through the Parishes of Ynyjcynhaiarn, Penmorfa, Llanfibangel y traetbau, Uanfihangely pennant,

Beddgelert, and Llanfrctben, or some of them, and each and every such Road, when so set out by the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be a Common or publick Highway or Road, and each and every such Road shall be for ever thereafter maintained and kept in good and sufficient Repair by the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Inhabitants, and Exempting Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Parl(h" and several Parishes, Townships, and Places in which such Roads, or any Patt f>°m Statute Or Parts thereof, shall be situate, shall be for ever wholly exempt and dil- Duty, charged from the maintaining and repairing the said Roads, and all and every Part thereof, (so far as the said Sands extend), and from the Performance of Statute Dufy or Labour thereon, and from all Rates and Assessments for or on account of the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power to

to and for the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, creflToll to erect or cause to be erected such and so many Turnpikes to receive^the &c*

Tolls hereby granted upon or across the said Roads, and on or near the

Sides thereof, or in, near, upon, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter Lad out of the fame, as he, she, or they shall think proper, and such and so many Toll Houses as he or they shall think proper, and from Time to Time to alter, remove, or discontinue such Turpikes or T oil Houses or any of them as he, she, or they shall think meet andexpedient.

XXII. And whereas the Passage across the said EJluary of Traeth Tolls. Manor is attended with great Danger, and many Persons have from Time

to Time lost their Lives in attempting to cro£ she fame; be it therefore further crafted, That in consideration of the Improvements of the said Ratface by the ExcluGon of the Sea as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Assigns, or such Person or persons, as he or they Jnall from Time to Time appoint, to demand and take or cause to be demanded and taken for the Use and Benefit of the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Assigns, at all such Turnpikes or Toll Houses, the Tolls following before any Person, or any Carriage, Horle, or other Beast or Cattle respectively shall be permitted to pass through the fame fthat is to lay), ’ v

[Iflf. £s? Per.~\ s C

For

6;o 4?* GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 36.

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-vis, Chaise, Calaih, Chai'e-marine, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whisky, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, any Sum not exceeding One

Shilling.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Sixpence; but if there shall be more than one such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs belonging to the same Person, then the Sum of Sixpence shall be paid for one of them only, and the Sum of Three-pence only for every other of them:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep or Lambs, any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings and Sixpence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Person eroding or passing on Foot, without any Bead or Carriage, any Sum not exceeding Two pence.

A Table of

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That a Table of the said Tolls Tolls to be shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike or Toll House set vp. erected on the said Roads, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Assigns, and the several Persons who shall by the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Assigns, be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the said Tolls; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand made thereof by the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, or by any Collector of the said Tolls to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, or For recover- such Collector, to seize and distrain, or cause to be seized and dif-ing of Tolls, trained any Carriage, Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, or any of them, or the Bridies, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements of such Horse or other Beast or Beads, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if such Tolls, or any Pa’rt or Parts thereof, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing or distraining shall and may fell or cause to be sold the Carriage, Horse, or Horses, Beall or Bea^s, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, and Accoutrements so seized and distrained, or any Pa t or Parts thereof, at or near to the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable 'Costs and Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

Dilutes

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise

respeaing about the Amount of Tolls due, or the Costs and Charges of distraining, Tolu and keeping, or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for bchfeu"d°y the c°l|e(^or or Persons so distraining to detain the Distress or the u Justice. Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress (as

the

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 36. 671

the Case may be) shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County wherein such Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter upon the Oath or Oaths of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath and Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) and shall determine the Amount of Tolls due, and shall also afiefs the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Tolls in cer-tained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said William tain Parts Alexander Ma docks, his Heirs or Assigns, or any Collector of the said

Tolls, to demand or take any more than one Toll in any one Day, '3ebe °aa;j (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve once only of the Clock in the succeeding Night,) from any Person or Persons for passing whomsoever for or in respect of the fame Carriage, Horse, Bead, or *nd reP*f' other Cattle passing and repassing through the said Road leading from llidiarty Spytby to Tnys-bir, and thence towards Harlech, all and every such Person and Personsproducing aTickec denoting that such Toll hath been paid on that Day for or in respect of such Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle on the said Road, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of such Toll.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Tolls pay-contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable the said able once William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, or any Collector of only on the the said Tolls, to demand or take any more than one Toll in any one Day i?me ®ajr °" (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve er

of the Clock in the succeeding Night), from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or in respect of the fame Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, passing and repassing through the said Road, leading from the Turnpike Road leading from Beddgelert to Criccieth, at or near to a Place called Prenteg to or near a Place called Tnsfawr, otherwise Knys-fordd, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that such Toll hath been paid on that Day for or in respect of such Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle on the said Road, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis, on Payment of such T oil.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded General

or taken for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying Exemptions, or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying or» the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying

672 47° GEORGII ill. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 36.

veying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or anf Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or fob any Horles or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being fiioed, or for any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religions Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said' Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description employed, or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fu'ch Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants Tent by legal Passe's; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, of Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going 10 or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights to serve in Parliament for the said County of Carnarvon, or for any Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town of Carnarvon, on the Day or Days of such Election,1 or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded j and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to che Purposes of this Act/'

Collecton of

XXVIII. And be it further er.acted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, cr Tolls to be Litigation shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the find Tolls, competent or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect! the fa rite, W unesses. Qr any other Person' or Persons acting by or under the Aulhb'rfiy of the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit,’ or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their bding appointed to collect! such Tolls.

Recovery and Application of FeoaJiiei.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, and Forfeitures by virtue of this Act (the Manner of ievying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered

by

6?3

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 36.

by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Carvarvon, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath,) and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distreis, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid to the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns; and in cal'e i'ufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Seven Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be looner fully paid and satisfied.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction may be in the Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

:be remembered. That on this Day of in the Form of

‘ Year of the Reign of Conviction.

A B. is convicted before

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

‘ of having (as the Offence shall be,) and I (or we) the said ‘ do adjudge him, her, or them to

forfeit and pay for the fame, the Sum of Given Under

4 my Hand and Seal, (or our Hands and Seals,) the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Appeal, Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

ffave and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioner or of the said Valuers, or either of them, or the said Umpire, as are herein declared to be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Kfue at Law is herein directed to be tried,) such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the First General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of CarnarvonT next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month, from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Twenty-eight Day’s Notice at least of his, her, or "heir Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, and forthwith after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide determined by Or. V Per.] 8 H the

674-

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 36.

the Order and Award of the said Court thereon, and the said Justices at such Sc (lions upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, in a iummary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and 10 awai'd such Colts to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may, if they fee Caiile, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable, and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, banding, and condusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and surposes whatever.

Distress not

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be to be un- made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the

Want'of>r X'ifkef. itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

borra.C making the lame be deemed a TrespalTer or Trespassers, on accounc of any Defect or Want of Fqrm in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dillrels, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a TrespalTer or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed, or be removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster , any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Three Calendar Months before such Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if fender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought at any Time before Ilfue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commerced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in

13 pursuance

Plaintiffs not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

Limitation of Actior.s.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, or removeable by Certiorari.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 36. 675

pursuance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Carnarvon, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in all such Actions or Suits shall and may plead the General llfue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Hearing to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if ic shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Three Calendar Month’s Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suie after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Cods of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Embankment Embank-shall not be begun before the Expiration of Ten Years, and completed ment ,0 be before the Expiration of Twenty Years from the passing of this Act, then, Dtgunan|j. and in such Case, this Act shall be taken and held to have become, and a°)TfmtedU shall be absolutely void, and the said Sands shall revert to His Majesty, Time.

or His Heirs and Successors.

XXXVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body Savi"g-or Eodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors. Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, (save and except such as is and are hereby meant and intended

to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished,) as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str ah an, Printeis to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

V

1j

7 ' >V

t

«£'

V n> i j - ;.

r’(£*; * |*lf ' j$«

I:; >(> ' 1 !' V ltd X '

.. t'

*!» in 1J

T'- ‘ ;'Wk V

v* . vi '*. r i V- - a

, j>tl t>d» *»J * jM ’ «> w3ky hA i ,»* 4

f-

W< wuftiM

14TJ rW*i6 *to >«»'^ ;%(AvV>,

I r.-i 4 . . f.: . . »H Vt t u*.

o... 1 , t* t ' > 5' u» 1- I t'. 1

.., J-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

- GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. a.

Cap. 37.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual several Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise Lune; and for building a Quay or Wharf near Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. £1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune; and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; And whereas another Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend'an Ail made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And whereas another Act was parted

in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend, amd render more effectual several Acts made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Per.} 8 / Loyne,

*3 G- U

12G. j; c. 81.

*9 g. a

c. 39.

678

Towers of former Acts continued.

47° GEORGII 111. SelT.2. Cap.%7.

Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay or IVbarf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned i And whereas the Com-lnifTioners and Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties, and in pursuancJ? of the Powers vested in them, by the said recited Acts, borrowed several Sums of Money, in order to enable them to carry the said Acts into Execution; and there now remains due and owing upon the Security of the Rates and Duties, payable under and by virtue of the said Acts, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, and there also remains due and owing, upon the Security of the Rates and Duties, payable under the said Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds: And whereas the Rates and Duties, granted by the said feverat Acts, are inadequate to the Payment of the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and of the Interest accruing thereon, and to the keeping in Repair the Quays, Dock, Light-house* and other necessary Works and Conveniencies for the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, exclusive of the Expence which would be incurred by the Erection of the Land-mark at Rojfall Point, mentioned in the said Act. of the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, which has not yet been built: And whereas the said Commissioners and Trusteesare unable to borrow and take up at Interest any further Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, granted by the said Acts, or any of them; and unless such Rates and Duties are increased and rhade perpetual, and consolidated into One General Fund, the said. Commissioners and Trustees cannot pay the Interest of the Monies so borrowed and owing as aforesaid, and keep the said Quays, Dock, Light-house, Buoys, Land-mark, and other necessary Works in Repair, and preserve the Navigation of the said River Cafe and commodious: And whereas great Benefit would result to the Publick if the Pilots employed in the said River anch Port of Lancaster, wehe put under some necessary and proper Government and Regulations, and the Powers and Authotitifcs given to and vested in the said Commissioners and Trustees by the said Three former Acts were extended and rendered more effectual: May it therefore please Your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Amiiority of the fame. That all and Angular the Authorities, Powers, Remedies, and Provisions, in and by the said Act', or any of them, made, enacted, provided, and declared, for arid concerning the building, finishing, completing, and maintaining the said Quays or Wharfs* Docks, Light-House, Pier or Moles, and other necessary Works and Conveniencies, and for making or erecting a per-' manent Land Mark, at a Place called Rojfall Point, and for appoint1*; ing Commissioners and Trustees, and for cblledting and levying the leveial Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts> and ether the Purports thereof (except so much and such Part or Pa^tS thereof as relate m Exemptions from Stamp Duties* and as are repealed, varied, or * . ’v - I, A -'altered

679

47° GEORGII III. Sets.2. Cap. 37.

altered by this preterit Act) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed as fully and effectually as if the lame were again repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Dut.et. of this Act, in lieu and in Head of the Rates and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, there shall be raited, levied, collected, and paid for ever hereafter, unto the Commissioners and Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, or their Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to be from Time to Time nominated and appointed, for every Ship, Vessel,

Bark, or Lighter, coming into or going out of the said Port of Lan-tajl.f, videlicet, coming into or going out of the said River Lcyne, between Lancaster Old Bridge, and the Perch at Cocker/and Abbey,

(ocher than and except Ships of War and other Ships and Vessels in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and Ships driven in by $trefs of Weather and not lading or unlading within the said Port, and Ships or other Vessels laden with Coal and other Fuel only), the several Rates, Customs, Tonnage or Duties mentioned, specified, and enumerated in the Table or Schedule to this Act annexed j and to be levied that the said Rates and Duties shall hereafter be paid, received, and levied, acceding to the Register Tonnage of the Ships or Vessels re- Tonnage of spectively navigating the Btly, and resorting to the said Port of Lan- the Ships caster; anti in every Cafe where no Register shall be produced, then navigating according to the Measurement prefetibed by an Act made in the Thir- the " ort* teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burden of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or say an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Yearofflis present Majesty, for the further increase of Shipping and Navigation; and every Owner or Master of any Ship or Vefitd, who shall refute to produce such Register, or to have his or their Ship or Vessel measured as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence. respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds to the said Commissioners and Trustees.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Duties may Commissioners and Trustees are hereby authorised and empowered from b«tefleued. Time co Time to reduce.the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, or any

of them, and to order and direct the same to be collected, received, and taken in‘luch Parts and Proportions as they shall think proper, any Thing herein,or in the said fornierAfts contained to the contrary notwithstanding, so as such Reduction shall be of no Prejudice to, or be made with the Content of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-Oxth Parts of the Money lent upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties and due and owing at the Time of such Reduction.

IV. Provided always, That if at any Time after such Reduction of the andralfe^ said Rates and Duties as aforesaid, the Rates and Duties so reduced and aSain* ltltencd shall not be found sufficient to answ'er the s intended

by this and the said former Acts, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees from Time to Time, and such Proportions as they shall think proper, to advance and in-

create

68a

Application of Dutiei.

The Act not to extend to the Lieln-hbtlfc Duties.

A Majority of Cotrnnifftoners and T ullees at any Meeting, ootless than Five, to be taken as a Majority for all Furpcfcs.

Former. Mortgages to be cancelled;

and new

Mortgages

g anted in lieu thereof.

47° GEORGII III. Scfl. 2. Cap. 37.

crease the said Rates and Duties to the respective Sum and Sums by this Act directed to be raised and paid, and afterwards at any Time to leficn or reduce the fame again in Manner aforesaid.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That notwich-standirtgany of the Ctaufcs and Directions contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Application of the several Rates and Duties granted and made payable by the said several recited Acts, or any of them, the said Commissioners and Trustees shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to apply and dispose of tho several Rates and Duties granted and made payable by this Act, gene-sally and indiscriminately, and in such Manner as they, or a Majority of them, at any Meeting to be held from Time to Time for that Purpose, shall order and direct, for and towards carrying into Execution all and every or any of the Purposes in the said several recited Acts, and this Act, or any of them, mentioned and expressed.

VI. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of His present Majesty for the Maintenance and Support of the Light-house or Light-houses thereby authorised to be erected, but that the lame shall be collected, levied, and applied in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That at any Meeting of the said Commissioners and Trustees, duly convened and assembled in the Manner prescribed in and by the said recited Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, a Majority of the said Commissioners and Trustees, not less than Five in Number present at such Meeting, shall be deemed and taken as a Majority of the said Commissioners and Trustees for executing all the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Aift's, or any of them contained, to the contrary notwithstantjing.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be due and owing, at the Time of passing this Act, upon any Mortgage or Assignmenc of the Rates and Duties granted by the several recited Acts, or any of them, shall deliver up their respective Securities to the said Commissioners and Trustees, to be cancelled j and shall thereupon receive From the said Commissioners and Trustees other Mortgages or Assignments to the fame Amount, in lieu thereof, upon the several Rates and Duties granted’ by this Act, (the Charges of such Mortgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said Rates and Duties) 5 which said Mortgages or Assignments the said Commissioners and Trustees are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Five of them, to execute and deliver; all which said Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

ryY virtue of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign

0 of King George the Third, [here Jet forth the Title of this Act]

* #c

Form of Mortgage.

68r

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 37-

we whole Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed, being ‘ the Commissioners and Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act,

in Consideration of the Sum of to the Collector or Receiver of the Rates and Duties in Hand, heretofore paid

and advanced by A. B., do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and transier

unto the said A. B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

such Proportion of the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of the said ‘ Act as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum charged and advanced on the 1 Credit of the Rates and Duties heretofore granted, or any or them, to be had and holden from the Day of the Date hereof, until the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate

‘ of per Centum per Annum., shall be paid off. Given under our

Hands and Seals, this Day of in the

‘ Year of our Lord .*

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered Copies of in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks Mortgages of the said Commissioners and Trustees; and such Book or Books shall bc ert" and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Afugnments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall bc good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the lame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, T itle, and Interest to the Principal and Ir.terest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to Form of

Executors, Administrators and Assigns, Transfer, by virtue of a Mortgage or Assignment bearing Date thej

Day of under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners and Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George t the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act,~\ upon ‘ the Credit of the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto C.D. his Executors, Admi-

nifirators and Assigns. Dated this Day of in the

Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Transfer to Clerk to the said Commissioners and Trustees, within One Calendar beenteteJ. Month next after the Dace thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to bc made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties and Sum of Money therein mentioned, to be transferred in the said Book or Books, to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments to be made determined by virtue of this Act, and for [Lee. Per.] U’ ' which

682

Application of Corn-pen fation, if amounting to sool.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 37.

which Entry die Clerk, who shall enter the fame, shall he paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person, to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Atfigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon j and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, release or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Rates and Duties in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall bepaid.or agreed or awarded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uled, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Iluiband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, FemeCovert.or other Ccfluique Trull, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ft riel or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank a{Engl<md,\n the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account thcrt,ex parte the Commissioners and Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, to ihe Intent that such Monty shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon aPetition to be preferred in a luminary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uies, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, lor, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased,taken, or ul'ed as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at ihe Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exilling undetermined, and capable of taking Effctfl; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted determined by the said Accountant-General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in

the

683

4?* GEORGII III. Sefi. 2. Cap. 37.

the mean Time, and until the fate! Bank Annuities shall be ordereu by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money ft) agreed or awarded to be pa d for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order-to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the said Commissioners and Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parries), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon rnay be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, fofaras the Case may be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XI. Provided all'o, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall he less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners and Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case-the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, dull refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises,

to

Application of Compensation, if left than 2 oo 1. and exceeding

20I.

Application ol Compensation, if less than 20I.

In case of not makinj out Titles,

6H4

or if persons cannot be tound, Purchase Money to be paid into the ii»nk.

isubject to the Order of the Court of Chancery} ' on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Morey to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession at the Time of such Purchase, shall bedeemed entitled thereto, according to such Pof-dclfion.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 37.

to the Satisfaction of the faitl Commissioners and Trustees; or in case such P effort or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money n ail be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be nac known or diicovere4, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credic of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons, making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a luminary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Effaces, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and rea-lonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall reteive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Xlir. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Rit.hr, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-laments to be purchased, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poflel-fion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purclnled with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dil’poled of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such PofielTion was a wrongful Posscfflon, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Hftate or Interest therein.

16

Xiy. Provided

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 37.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the Paid recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners and Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Trustees shall, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing, to be signed by any Five or more of them, to grant Licences to such a Number of proper Persons to conduct or pilot Ships or Vessels into or out of the said River and Port, and fix and order such Rates for the fame; and shall have Power from Time to Time to discharge any such Pilot so licensed, and to alter such Rates, and do all other Matters which the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge proper in that Behalf, a Copy of all which Licences shall be entered in a Boole* to be provided and kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Corn, missioners and Trustees j and if any Person or Persons shall take upon him or themselves to conduct or pilot any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said River and Port, without being licensed so to do as herein-before directed, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceedingTen Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Persons from assisting Vessels in Distress, or from piloting the fame when licensed Pilots cannot be obtained: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for tr,e said Commissioners and Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to make, constitute, and ordain all such reasonable Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations for the good Rule and Government of the said Pilots as to them in their DilCrction shall feern n\eet, and also from Time to Time to repeal, vary, alter, or amend 'any such Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations, such Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations not to be repugnant to any Thing in this Act contained, or contrary to any Law or Statute of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and also ascertain and let down what pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred by any Person breaking or evading the lame, so that no Penalty or Forfeiture exceed the Sum off ive Pounds for any one Offence; which Penalties may be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Acts: Provided also, that a Copy of the said Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations shall be printed, and be and remain affixed or hung up in fomc conspicuous Parc of the Custom-house at Lancaster, and of the Office for Receipt of the Rates and Duties hereby granted; and that at the Time of making such Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations, publick Notice shall begiveno'f

[Lvc. & Per.] 8 L

685

The Court of Chancery stay order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by Commissioners and Trustees.

Commissioners may appoint Pilots.

636

Punishtng M - Hers of Ships ro< taking Pilots.

Fees on Licences.

Expences of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 37-

the fame, by ad verrifing such Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations in some Newspaper published in the said Town of Lancaster; but if there shall be no Newlpauer published in the said Town of Lancaster, then in some other Newlpr.per published in the said County of Lancaster, Fourteen Days at lead before any such Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations shall be executed or take Effect.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, which shall at any Time hereafter be bound or going into or out of the said Port of Lancaster, (except Vessels in Ballad, or Coaders,) shall refuse to take on board, or employ a Pilot licensed as aforesaid, who shall offer his Services, and produce his Licence, such Mader, Commander, or the Owner, Agent, Consignee, or Broker, acting for such Vessel, shall pay, or caute to be paid to the Pilot, who shall first offer his Services, and be so refused, the full Pilotage, according to the said respective Rates, as if the said Pilot had been employed to conduct, and had conduced such Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port or River} and the like Powers and Authorities are hereby granted to such Pilots, who shall be so licensed as aforesaid, for the Recovery of any Rates due to them, as are vested in the Commissoners and Trustees for the Recovery of any Duties or Tonnage granted by this or the former Acts.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissoners and Trustees shall have Power to demand and receive from each Pilot any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for his Licence, which Sum, together with the Monies arising from Fines to be inflicted upon Pilots as aforesaid, shall, after defraying the Expences of managing the Affairs of the said Pilots, be applied, under the Direction of the said Commissoners and Trustees, to the Relief of Poor or disabled Pilots, belonging to the said Port and River, their Widows and Children.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and paffng this Act shall be defrayed out of the Rates and Duties granted by the said recited Acts and this Act.

XIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap 37.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

For every Ship or Vessel coming into or going out of the said Port of Lancaster, or trading to or from any Port or Place in Europe, within the Streights, or Mediterranean Sea, or to or from any Port or Place in Afr:;a, America, or Greenland, the Sum of Three Shillings for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage ofevery such Shipor Vessel respectively:

For every Ship or Vessel coming into or going out of the said Port, and trading to or from any Foreign Part or Place in Europe, (except Ireland, ti e Ifie of Man, and the Streights or Mediterranean Sea,) the Sum of Two Shillings for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of every furh Ship or Vessel respectively:

For every Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter coming into or going out of the said Port, and trading to or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, situate South of Holyhead, and North of the Mull of Galloway, the Sum of One Shilling nd Sixpence forevtry Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of every such Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter respectively: For tvery Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter coming into, or going out of the said Port, and trading to or from any Port or Place, in Ireland or the Ifie of-Man, the Sum of One Shilling for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of every such Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter respectively:

For every Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, coming into or going out of the said Port, and trading to or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, North of Holyhead, and South of the Mull of Galloway, the Sum of Sixpence for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of every such Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter respectively:

And for every Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, coming in Ballad into the said River Loyne, and not lading or unlading within the said Port, for every Ton, One-fourth Part of the said several Rates and Duties charged and imposed on any Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter of the fame Burthen or Tonnage respectively by this Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

i ' V. C:rC i

(O / .4 ’ . , PI

it. ' ! - l K

‘ " '

t I ft '

"* 1 ' >y 'i t ..r

; 1 / . , I , / ' I

' t»: . v . i a. ’ *!C I,) two «f||

i i i , -; i ii i

*.<i J & l f-: «; )

:: n . {

in rt) I. < . so ' . I,

I i I 1 ' 1 I I

, \ -. *; , V. " i ]

>' / r *( f.

1. IC; J - »>; A

f1 . . . ,: i

‘ .

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SelT. 2.

<MhMh»* * *9

Cap. 38.

An Act for more effectually paving the Streets and other Places within that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smith field, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleaning, lighting, and watching the fame, and for preventing Annoyances therein. [_1st August 1807."]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign 7 Geo. III. of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for paving the S8- *nd " Streets and other Places in that Part of the Parish of Saint " Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a " Street called East Smith field, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine -, and <c for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Ob- P0'0-111, " structions and Annoyances therein And whereas an Act was passed j|tjd‘re* in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the " Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "jAn Act for paving " the Streets and other Places in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph " Aldgate which lies in the County of Midd'ejex, and Part of a Street " called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine-, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein And whereas the Commissioners ap-

grinted by virtue of the said Two several Acts have proceeded in the xecution thereof to the great Benefit of the District comprised in the said [Ltc. fcf Per.] 8 M Acts;

690

4~° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 38.

Acts; But the Provisions of the said Acts have tjcen found, to be inadequate to the several Purpolfis thereby intended, and it would be more convenient, and tend to facilitate the Execution of {bf ityeral Powers wanted, if the fame were to be reduced into One Act-or ^parliament: May.it therefore please Your Majesty that it may bt-tffa<$^d; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by ajjrf v^»th the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temper'Land Cqltimons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority oftne fame. Former A£W That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Two several recited repealed. Acts, and all the several Powers and Authorities, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be and the fanje.js and.are hereby repealed and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; five-ami except as to the recovering, levying, collecting, or receiving any Penalties, Rates, or Assessments due at the Time of the passing of this Act.* which said Penalties, Rates, and Assessments may and shall be. recoverable, levied, and collected under any of the Powers and Authorities of this Act.

Commissioners Names.

On Death

&c. of Commissioners, others to be chosen.

Ten Days publick Notice to be given of Election.

II. And be it further enacted, That Henry Goodwyn Esquire, William Downe Esquire, James Holbrooke, Richard Gray, Daniel Harwood, John Kippax, Thomas P or teen Harris, John Roebuck, David Miles, John Hill, James Bartlett, George Alworthy, Samuel Kirkman, Nugent Robert Polhill, Jifeph Dutton, John Howe, John Rose, Joseph Metcalfe, Richard Coleman, John Addison, and John IVhippell, being Inhabitants within the District and Places comprised in this Act, shall be and they and their Successors, to be elected in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners.fur putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any of the above named Commissioners, or of such Commissioners so to be elected, or of their Removal out of the said District, or refusal to act, or if any such Commissioner shall neglect to attend at the Meetings of the said Commissioners to be held for the Execution of this Act for the Space of Six Calendar Months, unless prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Occasion, that then and in every such Case the rest: of the Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time elect One other Person inhabiting within the said District to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner so deceased, removing, refusing to act, or neglecting to attend, but Ten Days publick Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given, by affixing the fame in Writing upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Saint Bololph Aldgate, and upon the Door of the Church within the said Precinct of Saint Catherine, and every Person so elected is hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution as the Person in whose Place he shall be chosen was veiled with.

Qualification IV- And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Ot Comm if- acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he Hull be sioners. his own Right or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or

Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to get, every such Person shall for every

'iH

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 38.

every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of Uis Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debr, or on the Cale, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, together with Costs of Suit, wherein no Kffoign, Protection, or Wager ot Law, or more chan One Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein ihe Proof of Qualification shall lie on 'he Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient on the Part of the Profecu-for to prove that the Person so prol’ecuced had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act,

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall meet together on the Second ‘Thurjiay next after thepaffing of this Act, at the Workhouse of that Parc of the said Parish of Saint Bctolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlesex, and shall then and there proceed to put this Act in Execution 5 and che said..Commissioners are hereby empowered to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such J louse, or other convenient Place within that Part of the said Parish 0(Saint Boteloph Aldgate, as they shall think proper; and if at any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, or adjourn to another Day, or in case the said Commissioners so assembled shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves, then and in every such Case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners shall appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held within Ten Days after, and at the Place where the last: Meeting was appointed to be held, publick Notice whereof shall be given by affixing the fame in Writing upon the principal Door of the said Parish Church of Saint Bctoloph Aldgate, and upon the Door of the Church within the said Precinct of Saint Catherine, at least Six Days before such adjourned Meeting; and in case of the said Clerks making Default in giving such Notice, then any Two of the said Commissioners shall and may give the like Notice, and in manner as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners shall be valid unless the same shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, lave and except such Orders and Determinations as shall have been made, prior to the passing this Act, at a Meeting or Meetings held under the said former Acts j nor shall any Commissioner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, be capable or acting as such during the Time he shall enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of the Powers given by this Act, or have any Share or Interest. in any Contraft relating to the Execution thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall at all their Meetings under this Act pay and defray their own Expences.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall and may by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their First or any subsequent Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act, except a Collector or Collectors of the Rates by this Act imposed, as they the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove him or them, and appoint

6qt

Penalty on aftinjr if not qualified.

Meetings of ComiD.iiioiu era.

May afterwards adjourn and meet a s they shall think props

If a sufficient Number do not meet the Clerk to appoint another Meeting. Notice to be given.

Commissioners not to act during the

Timeiheyea-joy any Place of Profit under this Ait.

Commissioners 10 defray their own Expences. Commissioners to appoint Treae surer, &c. and to take Security j

and remove them and iy>

692

Point others, ®nd allow them Salaries;

to Account,

and deliver up the Etcks, &c.

4.7* GEORGII Til. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

appoint others as they shall find necessary and convenient; and.by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act may and they are hereby empowered to pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons employed by them the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable, and the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and such Person or Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted shall pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time be appointed to collect and receive the same as herein-alcer mentioned; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners true and perfecc Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Care or Charge by virtue of this Act, or of the said Two several recited Acts-, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer and Officers, or Person and Persons, respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of the said Two several recited Acts, or either of them, orof this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath, if thereunto required (which Oath the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered and required to administer) verify their said Accounts, and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days next after being the reunto required by any Five or more of them the said Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or of the said former Acts, or either of them, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Five or moreofthem, or as they shall diiect or appoint, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorised and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Names of such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, (o retufing or neglecting as aforesaid, in Order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by any Five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, shall be and reside, such justices may and are hereby authorized and required by a Warrant or

Warrant*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38. 6g3

Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons so refuting or neglec'ng, to be brought before them, and upon his and their appearing, or not being to be found, to Hear and determine the Matter in a luminary Way, and if upon the Confeffi m of t&e Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Wituels or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall h v been collected c r raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-paymenc thereof by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, offending in the Premises resprctively, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, or in rale ic shall appear to iu. h Justices by the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oaih,thar any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power f any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and he or they (ha 1 refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid, then ai d in either of the said Cases such Joffices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound «i h the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall have paid such Compofuion in such Manner as they shall appoint, (wtiich Compofuion the said Commissioners or any Five or mote of them ate hereby empowered to make,) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners or any Five or moreot them: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Chattels shall be detained in Priicntor any Term longer than Six Calendar Months.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer, Officers ur-Clerks, Surveyor, Beadle, Watchmen, and all other Servants and Offi- der former cers appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said Two several recited Act.s ° holJ Acts, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments, together with the several and respective Salaries, Gratuities, removed" and Allowances thereto annexed, until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of

them; and every such Treasurer, Clerks, Surveyor, Beadle, Watchmen, and other Servan.s and Officers, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties and Power of Removal, and to the like Rule* and Regulations, as if he, she, or they had been nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who as a Clerk, No Officer Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant shall be any Ways employed io take any by the said Commissioners in putting this Act or any of the Powers Reward bot thereof in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward SaldI5’ whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any hive or more of them, for or on account of any Thing done or to - [Lee. fc? Per.'] 8 JV be

694

Or be iflterest-*d in any Bargain made by the Commissioners.

Commissioners to have Power to pave, &c.

Materials, See. to be brought into Streets.

Comm’fiioti-ers may make Contracts.

Property of all Materials vested in

Commissioners i

47° G EO RGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 28.

be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution, or shall any Ways be concerned in interest in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution, every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, and shall over and above forfeit^ the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which laid Suit no Efibign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Commissioners, or any hive or more of them, at their First or any subsequent Meeting, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to cause, order, and direct the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, or any of them to be paved, repaired, raised, sunk, or altered, and also to cause, order, and direct the same to be cleansed, lighted, and watched, when and in such Mariner as they shall think fir.

XI. And be it further enacted. Tint the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall also have full Power and Authority to cauie to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the said Streets and Places, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge necessary or conducive to the accomplishing the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or rr.oie of them, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at any of their said publick Meetings as Occasion shall require, to contract with any fit Person or Persons for paving and keeping in Repair the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places above del’cribed, or any of them, and for clejnfing and lighting the fame, which Contract and Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered on Non performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the m..king any such Contract Ten Days Notice shall be given in l'ome publick Newspaper expressing the Intention of the intended Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in each Notice to be mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the Pavements, Lamps, Lamp-irons, Timber, Furniture, and all other Materials and Things which have been provided for the Purposes of the said Two several recited Acts, or shall be provided and made use of for the

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

the Purposes of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Comm'(boners for the Time being, and they or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered‘to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any Or.e or more of them, or to prefer and order and direct the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who (laail (teal, take, or carry away, any or any Part of such Mateitals or Things, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the Lamps which have been ordered determined by the Commissioners under the said rented Acts, or which shall he erected by the said Commissioners under this Act, or any of the Polls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or extinguish any of the said Lamps when lighted, it fha] 1 be lawful lor any One or more Justice or Jnil ices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be and reside, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants fur apprehending the Party or Parties accused, or ic shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed to apprehend, as also lor any other Person or Persons to alfift in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before Come Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be dealt with as herein-alter is directed; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before any such Justice, or Oath being made before him that such Party or Parties cannot be found and apprehended, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, lie, lhe, or they so convicted shall for the Fitll Offence respectively forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for each Lamp lo broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguished'as aforesaid, anti for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifteen Shillings, and for the Third and every fublequsnt Offence any Sum noc exceeding Twenty Shillings, and a full Satisfaction shall also be made to the iaid Commissioners, or their Surveyor, by every such Offender or Offenders for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid j and in case such Offender or Offender shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make such Saul-faction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall tie convicted is hereby authorized and required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County or Place, thert to be kept to hard Labour for any Time noc exceeding Three Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satil-laction shall be iooner paid and given; one Moiety of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers,

695

arha may bring Aflitn or prefer I ndictmencs for Mealing the Gune.

And fee

dsmeging Lamps, Sec.

696

Penalty on

interrupting

Workmen.

Commissiott-ers may fell the old Materials and apply the Money, See.

Notice to be given to Sur veyor of taking up Pavement for repairing, &c. any Vault or Drain, Scc.

Commissioners to relay it and be reim barfed the Expences.

47° GEORGII III. fiff.2. Cap. 38.

formers, and the other Moiety shall he applied for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Ferlon shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or other wise damage any of the said Lamps, or any of the Ports, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to their Surveyor, lor the Damage by Inch Person done as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Comp'aint to be made by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, or by their Surveyor, to summon the Party complained of, and.upon his or their Appearance, or making Default to appear. Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the fame was left at his or her Dwelling-houl’e or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or she could not be found, such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confelhon of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or W itneffts, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of for the Damage so done by him or her as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable, and shall cause the Sum so awarded (in cale the lame be not paid forthwith upon the making such Award or Order) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods 2nd Chattels, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, afttr the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint and of such Diitrels and Sale shall be deducted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstrucr, hindtr, or molelt any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is or ate or shall be en ployed by virtue of this Act in the Performance or Execution of their Duty, every such Person lo offending shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and (or the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, and to apply the Purchase Money to the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavement of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, shall be taken up for the Purport: of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending any Water-pipe or Plug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks to the Commissioners for putting this Atft in Execution, in order that the fame may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the inspection of the said Surveyor, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and they shall be

reim-

6 97

7° GEORGII III. Sell. a. Cap.tf.

reimbursed the fame by the Person or Persons, Companies of Waterworks, or Commissioners of Severs, who shall tike up, or cause or procure to be taken up the said Pavement or any Part or Parts thereof; and every Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to give such Notice of the taking up any such Pavement or Pavements, shall for every such Offence torse t any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and levied in manner herein-after directed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be la a fu) for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to compound and agree with the said Companies or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons respectively, fora certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think reasonable, in lieu and in (lead of iaying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be nccelfarily taken up for any of the Purposes afore laid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall negiecf or refuse to pay what the said Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Composition as aforesaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk or Clerks appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling-house or lad Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks of such Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition, it shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively; and in case such Person or Persons hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of Twenty-four Hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purposes of this Act it shall at any Time be found necessary to rai(e, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by the said Companies of Water-works, or of any of the leaden or other Pipes which shall be laid into or from any of the said Companies Pipes, which the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to cause to be done as often and in such Places as they shall think proper, the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies and other Persons as the Circumstances of the Cafe will admit of.

[Lee. Cf Per.] & Q

Penalty on not giving Notice.

Commissioners may contract with the Companies, &c. for the relaying such Pavement!.

On refusal of Payment an Action may be brought fot the Money

Commifliai-ers to pay fer altering Pipes.

698

Where any

of the Water Company’s Pipes break. Notice to be given to such Companier.

When complete,: Notice to be gi'en to Commil"-ftoners’ Pa-viors.

If it proves thatthePipes do riot belong to the Compa y who first opens the Ground,they ateto Repaid their Charges by the Com-panytowhom they do belong.

47° GEORGII III. Seil'. 2. Cap. 38.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall happen that any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Company shall break orburst in the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for the Time being, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, to give immediate Notice thereof to the Paviorof the Water Company to whom he apprehends such Water-pipe or Pipes does or do or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within Two Days next after such Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his lait or uiual Place of Abode; and if upon taking up the Pavement and opening the Ground it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst do or doth not belong to the Water Company whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement and opened such Ground, that then and in such Cale the Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid shall give immediate Notice to the Paviorof the Company to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong, such Notice to be given or lete with such Pavior, or at his lass or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the fame, and fill in the Ground within Two Days after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, and also within Twelve Hours afeer such Pipe or Pipes shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or other Person aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or cheirlaft or usual Place ot Abode; and in case that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement and open the Ground for the Purposes aforesaid shall take up such Pavement ana open such Ground, and it shall then be diicoverea that the Pipe or Pipes which is, are, or shall be borll or broken, doth or do not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior, that then and in such Case the Paviorof the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who so took up such Pavement, and opened such Ground for such Work, and in case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be !o given to take up such Pavement and open such Ground shall neglect or retule to do the fame within the said Two Days after Notice given, he shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and in case the Pavior of such Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes to broke or burst shall belong shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the fame and fill in the Ground so taken up for the Space of Two Days next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contradting with the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as aforesaid, such Pavior shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and if the Person or Persons contradting with the said Commissioners to relay such

Pavement

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38. 699

Pavement ft broke or taken up for the Rrafons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within Two Days aftrr such Nonce given to him as aforesaid, or if the Surveyor or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor of such Notice, then and in every such Ca!e the Person or Persons so offending (trail for the First Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respect p.viorsto tive Paviors now appointed or to be appointed by the said several and WaterCom-respective Water Companies who shall have any Pipe or Pipes laid in, through, or under any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places with- surveyor or 5n the Piftrift comprised in this Act, shall and they are hereby re- Clerkoftheir quired within the Space of Three Days next after the passing this Act, None and or within the Space of Three Days next after he shall be appointed

Pavior to such Company or Companies, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said ComtT.issioners, of his the said Pavior’s Name and Place of Abode, and ro what Company he is Pavior, and in case any such Pavior Or Paviors shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid, every such Pavior so offending in either of the said Cases shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons (hill NoAIteratioa mike or cause to be made any Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavement or Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, oVh/pave or of any Part thereof, without the Consent and Direction of the said meats with-Commissioners or any Five or more of them, under their Hands and out Commis-Seals, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not nterst-on* exceeding Five Pounds, over and above all Expences incurred or to

be incurred in reinstating the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Course of said commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time Gutters to b« to direct and cause the Course of any Gutter or Channel running in turned if ne-or through the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places,

them, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think pro- red ttC. per, ard to direct the Grates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers to be removed and replaced in such Manner and at such Place and Places as they shall think most proper, all which shall from Time to Time be done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; any Law,

Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as there When it shall shall be Occasion to make new and additional Grates over any Sewer De Be"ssary or Sewers within the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or any of GrTt«orr£ them, or to repair or alter any of the old Grates belonging to the psiroidones,

Commis.

700 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

ers of Sewers Commissioners of Sewers, in the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or <0 p»v the any of them, the same shall be made new, repaired, or altered by and at !.,j.tnce. t|ie jrXpence of the said Commissioners of Sewers, and the fame when so made new, repaired, or altered, shall be laid down in such Places, and at such Distance from each other, and in such Manner and Form, as shall be directed by the Surveyor to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at the hxpenceof the said Commissioners of Sewers j and in case the said Commissioners of Sewers (half neglect or refuse so to do for the Space of Six Days next after Notice given or left with their Cleric or Clerks for the Time being, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor, to cause such Grate or Grates as shall be ne-neflary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, to be so made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, the Expence whereof shall be reimbursed and paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or recovered of them in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of relaying Pavements is herein-before authorized to be recovered.

Sewers to be XXV!. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Commission- Sewer or Drain which is or shall be under the Direction of the ersofSewers. Commissioners of Sewers, and which shall be situated in or communicating with the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or any of them, shall requite to be made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, then and in every such Cale the Commissioners of Sewers shall within Five Days after Notice given to or left for their Surveyor, or Clerk for the Time being, at his or either of their lait or usual Place of Abode, by the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act: in Execution, or any Five or more of them, or by the Surveyor or other Person authorized by them to make new, effectually repair, cleanse, or empty such Stwer, or Drain [as the Case may require] j OntheirNeg- anc* ‘n Default thereof that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners tefl the fame appointed by this Act, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor tobedoneby for the Time bting, to cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, these Com- repaired, or altered, cleansed, or emptied, [as the Case may require], im oners, Qr f0 mucl! thereof as shall remain unfinished, the Charges and ind paid by Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting th Commis- this Act in Execution, who shall be reimbursed the fame by the Coners of Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners bewers. Gf Sewers; and in case such Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall refuse or neglect to pay what shall have been lo paid and disbursed within Ten Days next after Notice thereof shall be less at the Dwelling-House or lad Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer, which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, it shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, against such Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the Time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so expended for the Purposes aforesaid; in which

Action

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38. 701

Action or Actions no Essoign, jProtedion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII. And whereas there are in the said District comprised in this Where p»i-A61 many private bewersaud Drains which are not ucder the Direction v2te-Se«er> of the Commissioners of Sewers, and in many Instances it has happened that where the fame have been out of Repair the Owners of the Houses tho Owr.en connected therewith have refused or pegleded to repair the lame, by of Hous>» Means whereof the adjacent Places have been inundated, rendered co netted unwholesome, and great Nuisances have arilcn; to remedy which in future, be it further enacted, That when and lo often as any such f,me private Sewer or Drain shall require to be made new, repaired. Six Days altered, cleansed, or emptied, or any such N'uifance as aforesaid Hull »/ter None®, arile, then and in every luth Cate the Owner and Owners of the Houses connected with such Sewer or Drain, and from whence the Water and Soil shall run into the fame, shall within Six Days next af er Notice thereof in Writing to be given to or left with the Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses respectively by the said Commftioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, or by the Surveyor or other Person authorized by them or any Five of them, make new, effectually repair, cleanle or empty such Sewer or Drain [as the Case may require,] and in Default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners ap and on their poinred for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of N-g ett the them, or their Surveyor for the Time being, to caul'e such Sewtr or I"be Drain to be made new, repaired, or altered, cleansed or emptied, coinmiVioe-[as the Case may require,] the Charges and Expences whereof shall be m. paid by the said last-mentioned Commissioners, who shall be reimbursed the fame by the Owner and Owners of the Houses connected with such Sewer or Diain as aforesaid, in proportion to the Rent of such Houses repedivelyj and in case the said Charges and F.xprnces shall not be repaid and reimbursed to the said Commissioners by the said Owner and Owners of such Houses respectively within Ten Days next after Notice thereof shall be given to or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, and the Proportion thereof to be paid by such Owner and Owners respectively, and which Proportion the said Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this Act, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to adjust and lettle, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Requests lor the Tower Hamlets, or other District wherein the Owner or Owners of such Houses rtlpedively shall reside, in the Name of their Clerk, or Clerks for the Time being, against every such Owner and Owners who shall refuse or ntgled to pay his or her Proportion of the said Charges and Expences for Recovery of the fame, in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

[L»c. fjf Ftt.] 8 P

702

Penalty for laying Aftier, &c. in the Streets.

For oreventing Annoyances, and to make sale of Articles te-moved if of a periflnble Nature in Six Hours, if otherwise in Five Days,

or damaging or bre king any of the Flag Stoues.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, call, or lay, or cause or permit or suffer to be thrown, call, or laid, any Athes, Dull, Dirt, Soil, or other Filth whatsoever, before any Uwelling-house, Shop, Stable, Building, or Wall, in any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, or Places within the District comprised in this Act, but shall keep or cause the iame to be kept in their respective Houses or Yards, until such Time as the Person or Persons contracted with or employed to carry away such Ashts, Dult, Dirt, Filth, or Soil do come by or near their Houses, Doors, or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or Carts, or other Conveniences for carrying away the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting for the Firff Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings! and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Persons shall at any Time hereafter drive or place or cause to be driven or placed in any of the Carriage-ways within the said District any Dray, Waggon, or Cart, with or without Horses, and cause or permit or suffer the lame Dray, Waggon, or Cart, to stand or remain in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other Places, for any longer Time than shall be necesiary, without I'ufficient Cause for the loading or unloading thereof, or shall cause or permit or suffer any Scage Coach, Post Coach, Poll Chiife, or other Carriage let co Hire, except Hackney Coaches authorized to stand in any of the said Streets, Squares, oi Places by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches, to stand or remain in any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the said Districh, for any longer Time than shall be necessary, without sufficient Caule, or for taking up and setting down Passengers, or for ioading or unloading their Baggage or other Loading, or shall place, or cause, pc-mit, or suffer any Horse to stand at the Door of the House of any Person so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any of the said Footways; or shall lay or place, or cause to be laid or placed, any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Wood, Goods, or other Things, and suffer the same to remain in any of the said Screets, Lanes, or other Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for removing or housing the fame, or for repairing of any House or Building [as the Caje may happen to be\, or shall put or place, or permit or suffer to remain in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other Places, or Pavements or Footways thereof, any Baskets, Barrows, Stands, or other Things to the Interruption of any such F'ootways, Pavements, or Carriage-ways; or shall put or place, or leave or suffer to remain any Meat, Fish, or Vegetables, to the Annoyance of any Passengers, or Interruption of any Footways, Pavements, or Carriage-ways in the said Streets, or at the Door of any Publick House; or if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn on any Part of the Foot Pavement of the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage whatsoever, it shall be lawful for the Beadle, or Street-keeper to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to ieize any such Waggon or Cart, Stage Coach,

Post

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. dap* 38. 703

Post Coach, Port Chaise, or other Carriage let on Hire, except as aforesaid, together with the Horse or Horses, if any shall be thereunto belonging, and such Horse so Handing at the Door of any Person to the Ofiftruclinn of the Passage of any of the said Footways,. Timber,

Bricks, Stones, Wood, Goods, Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage whatsoever, and other Things as aforesaid, and catise the same to be removed to some convenient Place or Places to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or other Person or Persons interested shall have paid and dischargeii all Coils,

Charges, and Hxpentes attending the carrying away, depositing, and keeping the same as aforesaid, and also a Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each such Offence, and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges pai.i within the Space of Six Hours, if Fish, Meat, Vegetables, or other Articles of a perishable Nature, and becoming decayed or (linking, or likely so to be, and within ihe Space ot Five Days if not perishable, or of such Description as aforesaid, next after such Seizure and Removal thereof, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by tuch Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof on Dem?nd, after deducing the said Penalty and Colts, Charges, and Expences attending such Seizure, removing, appraising, and felling the lame.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Hoards, &e. lawful for any Person or Persons to ered or set up, or cause to be building6 erected or set up, in the said Streets or Lancs, any Inclosure, Polls, or repairing Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things for the Purpose of making wiih Leave. Mortar and depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials for building or n-pairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works, every such Person or Persons first obtaining Leave under the Hand of the Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Commissioners for those Purposes respedivrly, which he and they is and are hereby empowered to give by their Permifilon; buc if any Person or Persons shall ered and let up or cause to be erected and set up any such Inclosures,

Polls, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thing for the Purpose aforesaid, without such Leave first had and obtained, or shall permit any Inclosures, Pcfts, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thins* which shall have been erected or set up with such Leave as aforesaid! to remain and continue longer than the Time originally allowed by the said Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks, for that Purpose, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Hour such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid shall remain and continue.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons PerConamak-shall at any Time or Times hereafter make any Alteration in the Width inS any Al-of any of the Foot Pavements of the Streets, Lanes, or Places, by [,erat,on ln, pulling down and rebuilcing or altering any House or Houses, or BuildTn^.'^ otherwise, such Person or Persons so making such Alteration as aforesaid, to make the shall make good or new pave the Place or Places so altered [at the Cafe fe®egood. may require] at his, her, and their own Charges and Expence, and

704 47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 38.

to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, within the Space of Three Days next after Notice to be given to him, her, or them for that Purpose by the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for the Time being; and in Default thereof the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor for the Time b og, shall a id they are hereby authorized and required to cause such PI ce or Places so altered to be made good or new paved [ns the Cafe shall require], the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the said Com-rnissioners, who shall be reimbursed the fame by the Person or Persons making such Default; and in case such Person or Persons trail neglect or refuse to pav what fbill have been so paid and disbursed within Ten Days next after Notice thereof in Writing signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, shall be left ar the Uwelhng-houfr or last or ufua! Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or tnoie of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Adbons in the Name of them, their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, against such Person or Persons for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so expended for the Purposes aforesaid, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

hocTo^eVeft

XXXII. And whereas the Holes, Tunnels, Trap Doors, or Cellar

open. Flaps, made in the Pavement of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and

other Places within the said District, for the Porpole of potting down Coals, Calks, and other Things in the Vaults beneath, are often left open and insecure by reason whereof many Accidents happen; be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall leave open any such Hole, Tunnel, Trap Door, nr Cellar Flap, (save and except during such Time as any Coals, Wood, Cafk=, or other Things shall be putting down or taking out of the fame, or during such Time as the same shall be altering, repairing, or amending,) or shall not safely secure and cover up the fame, the Owner or Occupier of the Premises to which such Hole, Tunnel, Trap Door, or Cellar Flap shall belong, shall for every such Offence, on being duly convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners ap-po nVdYear- pointed for putting this Adb into Execution, or any Five or more of ly, and his them, shall Yearly and every Year, in the Month of June, nominate

Duty. and appoint One or more Person or Persons to be a Scavenger or Scavengers, Cleanfer or Cleanfers of the Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the said District comprised in this AdV, and such Person or Persons shall Twice in every Week bring or cause to be brought convenient Carts into all the said Street', Lanes, Alleys, and other open Passages and Places where such Carts can pass, and at or before their Approach, by Bell, Horn, or Clapper, or otherwise by a loud Noise or Cry, shall give Notice to the Inhabitants of their coming, and give the like Notice in every other of the said Places into which the said Carts cannot pass, and the said Scavenger or Scavengers Penalty on shall carry away gratis, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding their neglect Twenty Shillings for every such Neglect, exceDt all such Rubbish, of Dutjr- Earth,

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 38.

Earth, Duff, Dirt, Filth, and Soil, as shall be occasioned by building, repairing, or altering any House or Houses, or any other Buildings, which said Rubbish, Earth, Duff, and Soil thereby occasioned, shall within the Space of Five Days after such building, repairing, or Alteration is finished, be carried away by the respective Owners or Occupiers of such House? or Buddings respectively as aforesaid, or by some Person or Persons to be by them employed, upon Pain of forfeiting or prying any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Neglect; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, make such Allowance to the said Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Person or Persons assisting in the cleansing of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, as to such Coni-missioners shall appear reasonable.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons so contracted with for cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, shall sweep, cleanse, and carry away, or cause to be swept, cleansed, and carried away, the Dirt and Soil in and out of all the Street*, Lanes, and other publick Places, within the said District comprised in this Act, Twice in every Week, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons inhabiting within the said Places shall from and after the pafBng of this Act sweep and cleanse or cause to be swept and cleansed the Foot-paths before their respective Houses, Building'*, and Waifs, Once in every Day, between the Hours of Six and Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted), upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every such Neglect therein.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (other than the Person or Persons contradting with the said Commissioners, or those employed under such Conrradtor) shall on any Pretence whatsoever go about to collect or gather, receive, or carry away any Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, from any House or other Premises in any Street, Square, Lane, Alley, or Place under the Management of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed to seize, and also for any ether Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him or her before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, and such Justice shall examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender, or any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party shall be convicted, he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, One Moiety 01 such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and if fuel. Offender shall not immediately upon such Conviction pay the said Penalty, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to commit hnn or her to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Twenty Days, unlets such Penalty be sooner paid: Provided always, that nothing ia this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Owners of such

CW*r.] " 8 £ - - - Dust>

70$

and of Owners not removing the Rubbish, &c. occasioned by Building.

Allowance to be made to Scavenger.

Streets, &c. to be swept Twice a Week.

Foot Pavements to be swept every Day except Sundayi.

For prevenM

ing Allies, &c. being taken away but by Con-traders.

o6 47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2, Cap. 38.

Dust, Dirt, Cinders, and Arties, to cariy away the fame for their oivn Use, but not otherwise.

IfCor.tr&stor neglect to take away

Dust, &c. for Foui teen Days, any othe' Person to be at liberty to take it.

Penalty on carrying away Slop, &c. other than in coveted Carts,

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons lo contracted with or employed by the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect for the Space of Fourteen Days to bring or cause to be brought Carts into all the Squares, Streets, and other Flares as aforesaid where such Carts can pass, and give Notice in Manner aforesaid to the Inhabitants of their coming for the Purpose of taking away such Dud, Dirt, Filth, Cinders, or Ashes, and give the like Notice in every Place where the said Carts cannot pass, that then it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of the said Squares, Streets, and other Places to give away or fell their Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and that such Person or Persons shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties for so doing, until some other Person shall be appointed to coiledt such Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, or until a new Contract shall be entered into for that Purpose j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall drive or cause to be driven any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap-Lees, Filth, or Channel Dirt o: Mire therein, through or in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, within the Limits of the said Two several recited Acts and of this Act, without such Cart or other Carriage having a proper Covering or Boards called flash Beards, to prevent the fame from flopping or spilling in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other Places, or shall fill any such covered Cart or other Carriage so as to run over or call any Soap-Lees, Slop, Mire, or Channel-Dirt or Filth, in or upon any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other Places, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to seize and apprehend and assist in seizing and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him or them before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, which Justice is hereby authorized and required to hear Evidence, and determine upon such Offence; and every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings: Provided always, that in case the Person or Persons so offending cannot be apprehended then the Owner or Owners of such Cart or Carriage in which such Soap Lees, Slop, Filth, Mire, or Channel-Dirt, shall be put or placed, shall be liable to and shall forfeit and pay such Penalty as aforesaid.

Commission-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or ers lo order any Five or more of them, shall and may yearly and every Year order, the Number direct, and appoint what N umber and Sort of Lamps shall be erected and and Sort of set Up wjthm the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, and may e appoint or contrail with any Person or Persons for such Lamps (or find and provide the fame themselves, as they shall tnink fit), and also for the and the num- fighting, cleansing, supplying, maintaining, and repairing such Lamps, terolWaich- and aif0 jn like Manner appoint what Number of Watchmen, Street-kwp^Be'a’. kcePers> and Beadles they ftall Hgc necessary or proper to be kept in the dle»7*c. said District comprised in this Act, for each Year, and nominate and ap-ppint such honest and able-bodied Men to be employed in that Service as

they

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38. W

they shall think best qualified for the fame; and shall likewise direct and appoint in Writing how and where the fame Lamps shall be placed, at what Time, and how long the said Lamps shall be and continue lighted; and also where the several Watchmen shall be Rationed, and in what Manner and how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Du.y, and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons appointed or contrafted with to light, maintain, and repair the said Lamps, and what Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen, Street-keeper or Street keepers, and Beadle or Beadles, for their Attendance; and also shall order and direct what Number of Headboroughs ant» cf Head-shall attend every Night, and when the Constable or Constables shall at- boraughs.&c. tend, and at what Place or Places within the said District, and shall or may also hire, erect, or maintain any proper Place or Places within the Limits aforesaid, for the Reception of the said Constables, Headboroughs,

Beadles, and Watchmen, and shall make all such Orders and Regulations in Writing as the Nature of each particular Service shall appear to them or any Five or more of them to require.

XL. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Cor.ftaMe?, this Act the said Constable or Headborough, Constables or Headboroughs, Watchmen, or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, to be approved of as aforesaid, *c-their shall attend every Night by 1'urns, and they and the said Watchmen and ut5,‘ Beadles shall keep Watch and Ward within the said Places for such respective Times, and in such Manner as shall be from Time tcfTime appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall in their respective Turns and Courses of Watching use their best Endeavours to prevent all Mischiefs happening by Fires, and all Murders,

Burglaries, Robberies, Breaches of the King’s Peace, and all other Out- Watchmen rages and Dilorders, and to that End shall and they are hereby jointly and to apprehend severally authorized and required to arrest, apprehend, and detain in their Mal'*a,iors* Watch-house or Watch-houses, or other convenient Place of Security, all Malefactors, Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and all suspected Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves, and shall as soon as conveniently may be carry all such Malefafiors, Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and all suspected Persons before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be examined and dealt with according to Law, and which said Constable or Headborough, Constables or Headboroughs, or Deputy or Deputies, shall, Twice or oftenerat convenient Times in every Night, go about the said Districts and Places, and take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their Duty in their several Stations according to such Orders and Regulations as shall be made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, and in case any Watchman shall mifbchave ^b/fufjend* himself, orneglcdt his Duty, the said Constable or Constables, Headbo- ed,&c/ rough or Headboroughs, Deputy or Deputies, shall as soon as conveniently may be give Notice thereof to Two or more of the said Commistioners for the Time being, who are hereby authorized to suspendfuchWatchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Person to officiate therein* until the next Meeting of the said Commissioners, when the said Commissioners or One of them, who shall have so suspended such Watcnman, shall acquaint the other Commissioners assembled at such Meeting, with the Complaint against such Watchman, in order for the said Commissioners to

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

to proceed to the Ex imir.ation of the Offence, and such Watchman shall befiibject and liable to a Pen. lry of any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for each Neglect or Misbehaviogy, and shall and may be discharged from the Execution of his Office if the said Commissioners so assembled or any Five or more of them Hull think proper.

XI.I. And be it further enacted, That if the said Constable or Constables, Headborough or Head boroughs. Beadle or Beadles, and other Persons, or any of them, shall wilfully neglect to attend in their Turn to keep Watch and Ward, or shall not come to keep. Watch and Ward in Manner and during the Times which shall be appointed by the said Coin-missioners for their Attendance thereon, or shall depart from or leave keeping Watch and Ward during their respective Hours to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, for keeping the fame, or shall otherwise neglect their Duty, or misbehave themldves, the Person To offending shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them may order and direct the Houses within the said the^Corner0" Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places, or any of them, to be numbered with Housea. Figures, placed or painted on the Doots thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses respectively as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and may also direct and order to be engraved, painted, or otherwise described on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at or near the Find or Corner of each Street, Lane, Alley, or Place within the said District comprised in this Act respectively, the Names by which such respective Street, Lane, Alley, or Place so adjoining, is usually or properly called or known j and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, and shall be convicted thereof by his or their own Confcffnn, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in or for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Signs, &c. to

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of

be regulated, this Act the said Comniifftoners, or any Five or more of them, shall c^use all Signs which then or at any Time after shall be placed or hung in any Part of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses respectively where to they shall belong; and shall and may also cause all Sign-irons, Polls, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Pent-houses, or other Things occasioning any Obstruction or Annoyance in the said Streets, to be removed or altered in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient; and that for the future all Signs, Boards, Spouts, or Gutters shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any Sign, Sign-poll, or Iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the same to be done in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any

Manner

708

Penaby on Beadles, he. neglecting Duiy.

Natnes of Streets, Sec.

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap.tf* 7°9

Manner occasion any Encroachment or Annoyance in the said Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, or Places, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIV. And whereas the said Streets, Lanes, Alley*, and Places, Steps, Ac. are in some Parts thereof greatly obstructed and made dangerous to Foot F°P®l"8'od Passengers by Steps being brought out from Houses, Steps and Doors ^T0°ei ' going down into Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, and by Show-Glafies, Show-Boards, or other Matters or Things projecting from Houses or Shops over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses, or into the Footways; be it therefore enacted, That from and af'er the passing of this Act, all such Steps projecting into the Footways of the said Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, and Places, and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Footways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, belonging to any House, Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, as likewise all Show-Glafies or Show-Boards projecting over and beyond the Areas, or into the Footways, and all and every other Material, Matter, or Thing, belonging to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which door shall cause or occasion any Nuisance, Annoyance, Encroachment, or Obstruction in the said Street-, Lanes, Alievs, and Places, or any of them (eh her in the Foot or Carriage-way thereof) shall be at the Expence of the said Commissioners from Time to Time removed, fixed, placed, or afered in such Manner and Form as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor, by their Direction.

JLV, And, for defraying the Charges and Expences ef paving and Rates, repairing the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places or any of them, and of deanfing, lighting, and watching the fame, and for preventing Annoyances and Encroachments therein, and for other the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be made, laid, and assessed by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them. Four Times in every Year, of and upon all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy any Land, House, Shop, Stable,

Warehouse, Wharf, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places respectively, within the said District comprised in this Acr, and in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall then order and direct.

XLVI. And whereas divers Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments Better Reco» within the said District comprised in this Act, are let at small Rents, or to vefv of RaIe’ Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or entirely let out in Lodgings or separate Apartments, or let ready furnished, and the Collection of the Rates made Rents or to under the said former Acts from such Houses, Tenements, and Heredita- Weekly or ments is attended with much Difficulty, and the Payment of the fame has Monthly Te» frequently been evaded, so that much Loss has on that Account been fuf- or tained by the said District; for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That where 0"£a" the Yearly Rent or Value of any such House, Tenement, or Hereditament shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or where the Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or at Rents which shall become payable, and be collected at any shorter Period than Lot. fj Per.] 8 R Quarterly,

7io

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

Quarterly, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, if they (hill think proper, to compound with the Land-land or Landlords, Owner or Owners of ail and every or any such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements and Hereditaments in the said Dif-trict comprised in this Act for Payment of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments to be made determined by virtue of this Act, at such reduced Yearly Rental as the said Comratffioners shall think reasonable, to that such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not rated at less than Two Thirds of the Rack Rent at which the same shall then be let, or of the Annual Value of the said Premises respectively-, and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Koufes, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall not exceed the Yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds, and of such as shall be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or from whence the Rents shall become due and be collected at any (hotter Period than Quarterly, is and are hereby enabled to enter into the said Composition with the said Commissioners j and in case such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, shall reful'c or object to enter into such Composition with the said Commissioners, such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such Premises, and shall thereupon be rated and assessed to, end from Time to Time (hill pay or cause to be paid, the several Rates or Assess. menrs charged upon the respective Premises by virtue of this Act, unto the Collector or Collectors for the Time being of the said Rates to be made for the Purposes of this Act, who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to receive and collect the fame, and upon Non-payment thereof to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the respective Premises aforesaid wheresoever they shall be found, or of the Person or Persons inhabiting the fame respectively, in bke Manner as any Rate or Assessment may be raised, levied, and collected, by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no such Landlord or Owner shall be. charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him for or en account of such Landlord or Owner having agreed to pay th; l'eve-ral Rates or Assessments heretofore chargeable upon the Occupier; and where any House, Tenement, or Hereditament shall be let out in Lodgings, or separate Apartments, or ready-furnished, the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of all such Premises shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupiers thereof, and shall be rated to and pay the Rates or Assessments, in respect of all such Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments made or to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of each and every Person renting and occupying any separate Part or Apatt-ment of or in any House or Building, and the Goods and Chattels in every House and Building let ready-furnished, (though not assessed under or by virtue of the said Two several recited Acts, or this Act, or any or either of them) shall, after such Demand as is herein-after directed to be made, be liable to be distrained and sold by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace fur the County of Middlesex, (which Warrant every such Justice of the Peace is hereby directed to issue) for Payment of the said Rates or Affeflmems which accrued and became due during the Term of his, her, or their Occupancy only, and all reasonable Costs, Charges, and Sixpences attending thereupon f

Rates to be repaid by Landlords to Tenants.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. $8. 7*

upon; and that each and every Person who shall pay any such Rates or Aflfffments as ought to have been paid by his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, or upon whose Goods or Chattels the same shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the fame and all Costs and Charges attending any such Distress and Sale from and out of the Rent due and payable, or to become due and payable to his. Her, or their Landlord or Landlords so letting out the lame, unless there dull be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant; and the Receipt and Receipts for such Payment shall be a (efficient Discharge to every such Person for so much Moneyas he, she, or they shall have so paid, or which shall have been so levied on his, her, or their Goods and Chattels in pursuance of this Act, and shall be allowed by such Landlord or Landlords of such Houses or Buildings in Part or full Payment [as the Case may be,~\ for the Rent due or to grew due to him, her, or them from such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in Default cr Failure of Premises to Payment of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or of the Arrears so remaining due and unpaid, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, the L,‘" s"' fame shall be and remain a Charge upon the Premises in respect whereof the same shall be so rated or afiefled, and shall and may, after Fourteen Days Notice left upon the Premises, be sued for and recovered of and from such Owners, Leaseholder or Leaseholders, or Landlord or Landlords, respectively, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Requests for the ‘Tower Hamlets within the County of Middlesex, or in any other Court of Requests within the Jurisdiction of which any such Landlord,

Leakholder, or Owner shall reside respectively, to be commenced and prosecuted in the Name of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Commissioners, in tv.iich Action no Protection, Essoign, or Wage^of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if the Plairitiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, he or they shall have full Cods, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgement are now by Law levied and recovered.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall re- Forappor-move out of or from, or quit Possession of, any House, Building, Tene- Zoning Rate* ment. Ground, or Hereditament within the said Parish, before any Rate or Assessment charged thereon, or to be made by virtue of this Act, or if any Person shall enter into the Occupation of any House, Building,

Tenement, Ground, or other Hereditament, out of or from which any ether Person shall have so removed, before Payment of any such Rate or Assessment, or which at the Time of rating or assessing the same shall be empty or unoccupied, then the Person so removing out of ordfom, or quitting the Possession, and the Person entering into the Occupation of any such House, Building, Tenement, Ground, or Hereditament, shall be respectively liable to the Payment of every Rate or AlTeflhnient in Proportion to the Time such Person or Persons pofltfied or occupied the fame respectively, in like Manner as if the Person or Persons so removingor quitting as aforesaid had remained in the Possession and Occupation of such House, Building, Tenement, Ground, or Hereditament, or the Person or Persons so entering into the Occupation thereof had been originally rated or assessed, which Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be ascertained by any

71 8

In Cases whereHoulej are taken down Commissioners may rate and assess the Ground.

Un ten anted Houses to be rated.

Dead Wall! and void Spaces of Ground may be tated.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 28.

any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex.

L. And be it further enacted, That where any House, Shop, Ware-house, or other Building whatsoever hath been, or ac any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, Hull be taken down, altered, or removed for the Purpose of making any Alteration or Improvement therein or thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to rate and assess the Ground on which the said Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings respectively did Hand, or final! have Hood, if no Building shall be erected in lieu thereof: and all Wails, Houses, Offices, Warehouses, and other Building whatsoever respectively, which have been or shall be erected and built in the Room or Stead of such Houses, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building whatsoever, or on the Ground whereon the fame respectively did stand, or the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers thereof respectively, in such Sum and Sums of Money at the lead as the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or other Buildings respectively so taken down, altered, or removed, were or was rated or assessed before the fame were or was so taken down, altered, or removed; and the Sum or Sums of Money so rated and assessed shall be paid and payable, and shall be raised, levitd, and collected in such and the same Manner as is herein-before directed, as to the said other Rates or Afielfmems hereby directed to be made for the Purposes of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements within the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places respectvcjy comprised in this Act, shall at the: Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, then and in every such Case i: shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any F.ve or more of them to rate and alibis the said Premises, and in such Calc, as well as in cale the said Premises shall after the making of the said Rate or Rates, Allcffmentor Al-feffenen'ts become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, One Half of such Rate or Afllflinent shall be a Charge on such Premises respectively, and be paid by the first Tenant or Occupier thereof, who shall and may and is and are hereby authorised to deduct and retain the fan e out of his or her Rent, and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Abatement, upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents, and the Tenant or Occupier shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his or her Rent as the Rate or Assessment so to be paid by him or her shall amount unto.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required at such Times as the Rates hereby directed shall be made, to rate all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining to the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, (save and except such dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground as herein-before mentioned), at such Rateas the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall judge reasonable, for every square Yard of such dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, not exceeding the Rate of Six-pence per Yard.

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38. 713

LIII. And be further enacted, That all Rates made by virtue of ^alC! '°,be this Act shall be allowed and signed by Two Justices of the Peace *oja!tice«. acting in and f.-r the said County or Place, who are also hereby authorized and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for collecting and levying the fame-, and the Paid Rates, after the lame flv.ll be lo allowed and signed oy the Paid Justices, shall be collcded Quarterly determined by such Person and Persons as shall be appointed in pursuance of this Act to collect: the Rates and Assessments hereby authorized to be made, laid, or assessed; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall be rated and assessed in pursuance of this Act, or in case any Sum or Sums of Money now is, are, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be in Arrear or unpaid to any former or preceeding Collector or Collectors, from any Person or Persons, for, in respect, or on account of any Kate or Assessment made, laid, or assessed in pursuance of the Paid former Acts, or to be made, laid, or assessed by virtue of this Act, and the same shall not be paid to the Collector or Coiledors for the Time being of the said Rates or Assessments, within the Space of Ten Days after a persona) Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the last Place of Abode or Occupation of she Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay, or being in Arrear as alorcfatd, then and in every or any such case or Cases it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Coiledors for the Time being from Time to Time, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to levy the Sum or Sums so in Arrear or unpaid after such Demand made as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the same.

LIV. And be further enacted, That when any Person or Persons Occupiers who have or hath been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act shall removing quit his. her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf, Shop, J1")'be lo1* Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon such Rate or Assessment has io,ved‘ been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the fame, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the fame when- due and demanded by the Person or Persons authorized and appointed to collect the fame, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Coiledors and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Place, which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to grant, to enter into any Place within their respective Jurisdictions, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty where the Distress is to be made, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus, (it any such shall be) after deduding the reasonatile Charges and Expencts of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

LV. Provided [always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Agreement in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any het"«n Contract, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant L,3ndlordand touching or concerning the paving, lighting, or cleansing the said Streets, Paving'

[Lee. fc? Per.']

8£

Lanes>

7H

for appointing Special Collectors.

For appointing Collector*.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

Lanes, Alleys, and Places, or any Pait of them, or either of them, but that every Person who is now by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement obliged to pave, keep in Repair, clernle, or light any Part of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or any of them, shall in lieu thereof be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and aliefled, or lo much thereof as shall be by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, deemed just and re.isonable according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during furh Time as such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in force; and in case any Dispute shall anse concerning such Contract Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the same.

LVI. And, in order that the Rates made and to be made for the Purposes of this Act, or for the Purposes of the said Two several recited Acts, may be the better and more effectually collected, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being appointed for the Purposes of this Act, or any Five or more cf ihcm, duly assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, by some Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, annually or othenvile to appoint One or more Person or Persons being a Househ. lder or Householders, and resident in the District comprised in this r\ft, to be the Collector of all or any of the Rates made and to be made for the Purposes of and by virtue of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove such Person or Persons (notwithstanding the Time or Times for which he or they shall have been appointed a Collector or Collectors may not then be txpired) and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Place or Stead, and out of such Rate or Rates so to be collected as aforesaid to make such Allowance to such Collector or Collectors for his and their Trouble in collecting the fame, either by a Salaty or Poundage, as the said Commissioners for the Time being or the major Part of them shall think proper; and the Demands made by any such Collector or Collectors so to be appointed as aforesaid, of all or any Part or Parts of tuih Rates as lait aforesaid, shall be deemed and considered as legal Demands, in the same Manner as if the lame were made by the Collectors appointed by virtue of the said Two several recited Acts for the Time being.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if no such special Collector or Collectors shall be appointed as aforesaid, the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, and such of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, ashav"e a Right to meet for the Choice of Annual Officers within such Part of the said Parish shall Yeaily and every Year appoint Two or more Persons, being substantial Floufe-holders, residing within that Part of the said Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, to collect and gather Quarterly, or other wile, the Rates and Aikffments hereby empowered to be rated and assessed, and made and collected; and in calc any Person or Persons so appointed shall retufc or neglect within Fourteen Days next after such Appointment, and his being served therewith, to take upon himself or themselves the said

Aferil »o tnnl Stdjbci hmii o» F cnzdni , brio

OttflJ tb. I. i it Aa,s jjffea TlBt or has "oMot ms in b colkcM *oli<f® a Salt!

ig or® toM SC,<H

xmcc^ ante' *0

jfaV M* itm^-it'A 00. '0* jd»r

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38,' 715

said Office of Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments, or shall be negligent in the due Execution of his or their Duty, or shall execute the lame by Deputy or Deputies, to whom he or they shall give any Compensation for executing the lame, all and every Person and Persons shall for every such Offence and Neglect forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons so rated and assessed shall refule or neglect to pay such Rate or Assessment for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace lor the said County of Middlesex, acting for the Tqwer Division, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale are first deducted, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up and secured, or removed from the said Collector or Collectors, so thar he or they cannot distrain the fame, then and in either of the said Cases, upon Information thereof given to the said Justices, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprite for any Time not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months, or until the Payment of such Rate or Assessment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall be obliged to serve the said Office of Collector oftener than Once in Ten Years.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Col'enor. to the Time being, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are giveSccumy. hereby required to take such Security of and from every Collector and Collectors to be by them appointed for the faithful a> counting by him and them, when and so often as he or they shall be thrreunto required, for all such Monies as he or they shall receive by virtue of such Appointment, as to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them shall appear a sufficient Security for the Monies to be from Time to Time received by such Collector or Collectors, who shall, and is and are hereby required to make up and render to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, and so often as he or they shall be thereunto required, under his or their Hand or respective Hands, on Oath, which Oath the said Commissioners or any One or more of them is and are hereby emp wertd to administer, a full, true, and perfect Account of all such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they have or hath received, collected, or levied, by virtue of this Act, or which shall have been rated or assessed as aforesaid and not received, and of all other Matters and Things relating to his or their said Office or Offices; and fli.ll ,lfo from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, produce and deliver all Books, Paper*, and Vouchers relating thereto; and shall pay unto the said Commissioners, or such other Ferlon or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall, by any Writing under their Hanus authorize and empower to

receive

7,6 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

receive the same, all such Monies as shall be in his, their, or any of their Hands; and in case any Collector or Collect irs shall at any Time, without having received such Notice or Requisition, have in his or their Hands any Sum or Sums of Money over and above the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be coiledted by virtue of this Act for the Space of Ten Days, without pa)ing over the same to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall have directed or appointed to receive the same, every such Collector or Co'lcdors shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners for the Time being, in which Action no EfiToign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall lie allowed; and in ca'e any such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to account in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver such Books, Papers, and Vouchers as aforesaid, then any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, shall and may and they are hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by One or more of the said Commissioners, to examine and inquire of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal, as well by the Cor.session of the Parties themselves, as by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and if any such Collector or Collectors shall be convicted of such Neglect or Refusal before such Justices of the Peace, then the said Justices shall upon Conviction commit the Person or Persons so offending to the County or other Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise till he or they shall have made and delivered a true and perfect Account, and shall also hive delivered all such Books and Papers remaining in his or their Hands, and have paid over the said Monies-, and in case any such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid shall relufc or neglect to pay any such Sum or Sums of Money so collected or received by him or them under or by virtue of this Act, and which shall remain in his or their Hands as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall appoint, levy such Sum or Sums of Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector or Co!, leftors, rendering the Overplus (if any,) on Demand, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted and paid, unto such Collector and Collectors, and for Want of sufficient Distress to commit or cause such Collector or Collectors to be detained in the said County or other Gaol, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the said Justices, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, or until he or they shall have paid over all the Monies in his or their Hands, or have compounded for the lame to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition Money in Manner aforesaid, which Composition the said Commissioners ate hereby authorized and empowered in their Discretion to make and accept accordingly.

Collectors to

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Per-account suns so to be appointed as lust aforesaid, and who shall collect or re-Quarterly,if ceive any Money by virtue of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, required, shall Once in Three Months at least, and from Time to Time as often

as

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 28.

7i7

a*; he or they shall be thereunto required by the I id Commissioners, or any

Fiveor more of them, deliver in Writing under hi? or their Hand or Hands to the said Commissioners, or any five or it,or.- o: them, or unto

such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true and pet feet Account,

ttp.n Oath (which Oath the Did Comm ffioners, or any Two or more of

them, are hereby empowered to admimtier,) o .11 such Sum and Sums of

Money as he or they hath or have collected or received, or which shall have been rated or aflefiVd as aforesaid and nor rec- :. d, and of all other

Matters and T hings relating to his or the;r said Offi.e or Offices, and shall deliver in all Book*, Papers, and Vouchers relating thereto, and shall ,,,j stiver

pay unto t!ie said Commissioners, or any Fi t or more of them, or to such u; the iiooks

Person or Persons ns they (hah appoint, all the Monies remaining in his or *<* '^uc^‘

their Hands j and if such Person or Persons shall rctufe or neglect to ac- a"he pay

count in m inner aforesaid, or dcl'vei such B <oks, Pipers, ?nd Vouchers, Balance in

it shall and may be lawful for any 1'wo or more of His Majesty's Justices Hand to the

of the Peace for the County or Place where the I me shall have happened,

to commit such Person or Persons to the common Goal of the said County onSgtfufai’

or Place, there to remain without Beil or Mamprife until he or they shall to b - com-

have made and delivered a true and perf-ct Account, and also delivered mined.

all such Books and Papers remaining in his or their Hands; and in cale jjajsnceof

the said Penon or Persons shall refute or neglect to pav any Sum or Sums Accounts

of Money collected nr received by virtue of this Act, and which shall re- ma , be levied

main in his oi their Hands as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any bydD^,rf^s

Two of tie said Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals di- an ae’

recred to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Fiveor

mere of them, shall appoint, to levy such Sum or Sums of Money by

Distrrls and Sale cf ;he Goods and C hactels of such Collector or Col ec-

toi«, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Dillr: Is

and Sale are deducted and paid, and for Want of sufficient Distiefs, to a,d where

commit or cause such Person or Persons to be detained in the said common Distrcfs can-

Gaol of the said County or Place, by Warrant under the Hands an^ Seals ,ot behad,

ot Two or more of the said Justices, until he or they shall have paid over all

the Monies in h.s or their Hands, or compounded for the fame, and shall t;u payment

have paid such Composition Money in manner aforesaid, which Ct mpo- or Compofi-

fition the said Lommissioners, or any Five or more of them, are her by dan be made.

authorized and empowered to make at a Meeting to be held for that Pur-

pok. Ten D ;ys Notice whereof (h 11 be given in such Manner as publick Notice of a

Notice of Meetings in pursuance ot this Act is herein-before directed to be Mating o

given. te given *or

tha' Pu'pose.

LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Col- Q, Re^ova| lectors to be appo.nted as lalf alr.reiaid shall reiofe or neglect to take upon Dratn.Mif-' himlelt or themselves the said Office, or to execute the lame when chosen behaviour, or and appointed, or shall remove out of the District comprised in this Act, Irfo'»*nt>of or for which he or they was or were appointed, or (h.dl die within the Year _ or shall be guuiy of any Neglect or Misbehaviour in the Perform- beappoiused. ance of his or their Duty, or (hill ‘-ecome I solvent, then in all,* any, or each of the Caies aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and such of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex^ as have a Right to meet for the Choice of Officers as aforesaid, at any intermediate Time of the Yeai, to nominate and appoint any other fit Person or Persons inhabiting within the said Parish of Saint Botolph Aid-

[Lw.fcfiVr.] 8 7* gate,

71B

Collectors beccn’np Id-solvent. Mill cy to be again aflt flea.

Collectors difaual'fied from ailing as Commissioners.

Pavements

liable to be jepaired by any P-iillt, &c. are to be repaired at heir Ex.

47° GEORGII III. Sefi.a. Cap. 38.

gate, to be Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments for the remaining Part of the Year in the Stead of him or them lb refilling, removing, dying, or guilty of Neglect or Misbehaviour, or becoming Jnloiven^as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons so appointed shall enter upon the Execution of the said Office within the Time before limit, ed, and shall account and pay over the Monies in his or their Hands, under the like Pains and Penalties, Orders and Rules, in all Respects as such preceding Collector or Collectors ought to have done by virtue of this Act and if any Collector shall remove as aforesaid, he shall before his Removal deliver over to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, his Account verified on Oath as aforesaid, with all Rates, Assessments, Bocks, Papers, Vouchers, Sum and Sums of Money, and other Things concerning his Office, under the like Pains and Penalt;es as are inflicted by this Act upon a Collector or Collectors refusing or neglecting to account when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them; and if any Collector or Collectors shall die as aforesaid, his or their Executors or Administrators shall within Twenty Days after his Decease deliver in to the Commissioners or any Five or more of them an Account of the Monies collected by such Collector or Collectors; and shall also deliver all Books, Papers, and Things concerning his Office, to the succeeding Collector or Collectors, or to such other Persons as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall appoint; which Money, if any due, shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators in Preference to and before any of his or their other Debts are paid or satisfied.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates or Assessments shall become Insolvent, or shall embezzle or make away with, detain or misapply, any Sum or Sums of Money so collected by him for the Uses aforesaid, so that the fame cannot be recovered, or shall die possessed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virrtie of this Act, and which shall not be paid by his Executor or Administrator, or such Person or Persons as shall have been Surety for him in ms said Office of Collector, then and in every such Case such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and assessed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or re,ore of them, on. the Streets, Lane-, Alleys, and Places com-pfrifed within this Act, for which such Person shall have been appointed Collector, in such Proportion and Manner as the Rates are directed to be made by this Act, and shall be collected, levied, and distrained in such Manner, and under such Penalties as are herein provided for levying and collecting the Rates due and payable by this Acr.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Commissioners herein named or who shall hereafter be chosen by virtue of this Act, shall act as a Commissioner during such Time as he or they shall execute the Office of Collector or Collectors of the Rates to be made, raised, and levied pursuant to this Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Part or Parts of the Pavement in the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, hath or have been accustomed, or ought to be paved and repaired by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politick or Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavement

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38. 719

ment of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places respectively, the fame pence by shall be paved and repaired at the Exprnce of the respective Parish or Commission-Parishes, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by the Pavior or Paviors contracting ers Paviors with or employed by the said Commissioners.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be or Comm'f-lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, from Time Goner? may to Time to compound and 3gree for paving and repairing of the said Compound Streets, Lan-s, Alleys, and Places with any such Parish or Parishes, Bodies t£e Politick or Corporate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think reasonable.

LXV. And whereas the Commissioners under and by virtue of the said Annuitie* Two former Acts did, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities of the granted unfame Acts, grant unto divers Persons certain Annuities or Yearly Sums of Money, upon the Credit of, payable out of, and charged upon the Rates chargfSbIeoB and Assessinfients made, raised, and collected by virtue of the said Two fta;es?ob« several Acts, many of which Annuities are now payable and outstanding; by be it further enacted, That all and every the Rate and Rates, Assessmenc and Assessments, to be made, laid, assessed, and collected in pursuance of this Act, shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be and continue subject and liable to and charged with all and each and every the Annuity and Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances granted, made, or charged in pursuance of the said former Acts or eicher of them, upon the Rates or Alik ffments thereby authorized or directed to be made, laid, or assessed; and all and every such Annuity or Annuities shall be paid and payable out of the Monies arising by the Rates or Assessments to be made and assessed by virtue of this Act; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Credit of the said former Acts, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or the;r respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, receive, enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so granted out of the said Races and Assessments by this Act appointed for the Purposes thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Persons nominated by each such Purchastr or Contributor as before mentioned, and for whose Life the said Annuities are respectively payable, and that all and every Person and Per-fohs who now is or are entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, under the said former Acts, shall have good, sure, absolute, and in-defeasible Estates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them respectively purchased according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said former Acts; and every Order or Orders for Payment of the fame Annuity or Annuities, signed by the said Commissioners under the said former Acts, or any Five or more of them, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Assessments herein directed to be collected, levied, and paid, shall, upon Default of Payment of the said Annuities, vest in the Annuitants until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with Interest, and the Colls and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment of the fame; and the said Annuitants in case there shall be any Arrtar of the said Annuities, and until full

Payment

In Defanh of Payment of Annuities, Rates to veil in Annuitants.

720

Annuities may be af signeii toties cjuoties.

Money to be ve!te<* in Commission-tn.

Erpences of *hi- Aft how to be piaJ,

Pen allies may be compounded for.

Commissioners wto are

Jullic.es for MHd'esex and the Li-ber y of he Tower without, may sit.

Person' aggrieved may appeal to ih* Quarter Sjffiont.

470 GEOPvGI I III. Seff 2. Cap.tf-

Pivment thereof, w,th Imereti and Charges as aforesaid, shall have the fa re Powers and Authorities for assessing, collect! ig, distraining, and levying the said Rates and Assessments as are determined by this Act granted to the said Commissioners and tftetr Collectors, or any of them.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled to any such Ann ,.ity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Adlans, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Han J and Seal, or Hands a id Seals, toaifign iucn Annuity or Annuities, or ary Part thereof, or Intereh therein, to any Person or Persons whrirmoever, arid lb toties aunties> and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders or Assignments shall be made in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, at the Charge of the said C mmtflioneis, for wi.ch Entry or Memorandum Five Shilling' shall he

p.tiJ, and no more, and no such Assignment shall be deemed valid, unless i’uth Memorandum or Entry shall be made as aforesaid.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised or collected by Me.*ns or under the Authority of the said former Acts or of this Act, shall be and the lame are hereby vested in the said Comm dinners, and shall be applied for the Purposes uf this Act, and to no other Ufeor Purpose whatsoever.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Changes

and Expences of procuring and passing this let ail be >aid out of the Monies r.uleu by Virtue of the said former Acts, and aw in the Hmds of the '1 reasurer appointed under the said former Acts, or out of the full Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Comm flioners, or any Five or more of them, from T netoTime ro compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actii ns. Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be entered into on ac' ount of any Breach or Nor.-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they or any Five or more of them shall think proper, and also to compound any other the Forfeitures incurred undt r this Act, so as the Sums so compounded and agreed for bt not iefs than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, and all the Cotis, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, 7 hat it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace forth County of Middlesex, ot for any Two Justices for rl e Liberty of the Tower IVilbtut, wimm the said County, although such J dices shall be Commilhuners for the Purposes of this Act, to hear and determine any of the Offences anting within their resp ctive Jurisdictions which arc made subject to and purnlhable by any pecuniary Penalties directed to be levied by vutue of this Act.

IXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herlelf aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of

721

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 38.

of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and within Three Calendar Months next after the Caule of Comrlaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and the Matter thereof, to the Cleric or Clerics to the said Commissioners, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before fotne Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and pay such Cods, as shall be awarded by the Justices of such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizances, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal, in a summary Way, and award such Colts to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents anJ Purposes.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Places, and within his proper Jurisdiction, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to giant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any bej upon Demand to the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby empowered and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gael or House of Correction of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as cney shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer and Informers or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[L#r. id Per.] 8 U—X

Penalties sod

Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Commissioners may reward Informed.

722

ustices empowered to administer Oaths.

Books to be kept for en-terirg Com-

millioners

Names, Af-

feffinents.

Payments,

Annuitants,

tic.

which m ay be

inspeScd

gratis.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form.

Plaintiff not to recover if tender of Amends hath been made.

Proceeding! to be entered in a Book.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given 10 any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person, for his or their more certain Information in the Matters, then depending.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books, shall be prepared and kept by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, wherein shall be fairly entered from Time to Time the Names of such Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall nominate and appoint to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act, and Copies of all Orders ami Proceedings relating thereto; and also an Account of what Monies, have been assessed, raised, levied, and paid by virtue of this Act, and how the same shall have been applied, and the Names, of the Annuitant or Annuitants, and the Sums which he, she, or they is and are to receive as Annuities respectively, which Books or Accounts the said Annuitants, and all Persons contributing to the said Rates or Asseff-mrr.ts, may at all convenient Times peruse and inspect without Fee or Reward.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defaulc or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio% on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trel'pafies, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Parties who shall have committed or caused to be commitied any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings before such Action brought, and in case no such Tender shall have been made it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders, and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners at their Meetings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of Five or more of the said Commissioners assembled [as the Case shall require], and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be

original

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 38.

original Orders; which said Book or Books, and also the Book or Books kept for the fa'me Purpose under the said former Acts, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaffed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or.Erocds whatsoevo:,.into any r.f IrLis Majesty's--Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

."Set it -

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act until Twenty One Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Saiisfadlion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed for which such Action or Actions, Suie or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County or Place where such Matters or Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence ac any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suie or Suits, shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, ffall appear to have been lo done, or if it ffall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof had been given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any Action or Suit ffall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or juries ffall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein, and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Detrndant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, fli.ll become non-suited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions Judgement ffall' be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants ffall have Treble Costs, and ff ,11 have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Detendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant of the said Dillndl comprised in this Act, or other Person, shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or concerning this Act, or any Maner or Thing herein

723

Books imy be read in Evidence.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, or removed by Certiorari.

Limitation ol Actiona.

[General Issue.]

Treble

Colts.

Inhabitants

allowed to give Evidence.

7H

Publick

47° GEORGII III. Sefll 2- Cap. 38.

herein contained, on account of his, her, or their paying the Rates of the said Parish; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Aa.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

’ ' V

Cap. 39.

An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Hundreds of Bradford, Melkjbamand Whorlfdow?iy in the County of Wilts\ and for extending the Powers of the said Act to other Places in the said County.

[1st August 1807.]

ij'/ij L-: h

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of 3 G. 3, His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and c- *9* " speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds of Bradford, Melksham, and Whorl/down, in the County of Wiltswhich said Act hath been found ufpful and beneficial, but the fame is in some Rejects defettive and inefficient fully to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Improvement and Encouragement oft Trade in the said Hundreds, and to the necessary Support and Protection of useful. Credit within the same, if the Powers of the said recited Act of Parliament vyere extended to the Recovery of small Debts, not exceeding the ' Sum of* Five Pounds; and if such Powers also extended ' to the Parishes, llaudets, and Places of Wejhvood, Bromham, and Hauke* ridge, all in the said County of Wilts; and if the Number of the Commissioners of the said Court of Rpquests were enlarged:. May it please your [ior. £? Per.] 8 T Majesty

822 47° GEORGII III. Sefi*. 2. Cap. 39.

So much of Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moil recited Act Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Qonlent of the Lords Spiri-the'lL'rifdic- turtl aml Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affetnbled, and non of the° by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of the said re-Court to cited Act, as confine or restrain the Cognizance or Jurisdiction of the Court Debts not cf Requests for the said Hundreds of Bradford, Melksham, and Whorlf-Forty^Shfl- down, to any Debt or Debts not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, lu gs, shall shall, from and after the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, be repealed, be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That Richard Long, Benjamin Hobhouse, e ommtlBon- TlJOmas Bush, John Jones the younger, Thomas Bruges, and Charles Bythe-sea, Esquires; the Reverend Edward Bowles, the Reverend Joseph Smith, and the Reverend John Rees Mogg, Thomas Bush the younger, James Bethell, James Beaven, Edward Cooper, John Davis, George Dyke Fisher, James Fanner, John Godiuin, Samuel Hart, George Hart, William Henry Jones, Robert Langley, Thomas Morrell, John Newton, John Spencer, Walter Spencer, Thomas Spencer, Thomas Tugwell, Mawbey Tugwell, Robert Woolf, John William Terbury, James Bull, William Beaven, Christopher Beaven, James Chapman, Samuel Chapman, David Dent, Isaac Dark, Joseph Howgate, John Redman, James Redman, William Redman, Edward Stiles, Edmund Bythefea, John Bell, James Bird, James Bell, John Burgess, James Coles, John Clark, John Clark the younger, Nicholas Cross, John Hawker Cross, John Warren Cary, John Ching, Joseph Clements, Richard Cafwelt, John Cooper, John Cooper the younger, William Cundall, William Dunn the younger, John Dowding, Thomas Deacon, Benford Deacon, Samuel Diplock, Richard Edged, William Edgell, James Edged, Nathaniel Edwards, Richard Godby, John Heretage, Richard Harris, William Livett, Charles Long, Edward Horlock Mortimer, Benjamin Marshman, Thomas Martin, Thomas North, Thomas Pope, Samuel Pearce, William Perkins, John Reeves, James Selfe, Thomas Stillman the younger, Edward Sheppard, Widiam Stancomb, Joseph Stancomb, Samuel Sylvester, Joseph Slade, John Slade, Samuel Salter, Joseph Smith, John Waldron, William Everett Waldron, William Webber, and Samuel Walton, and their Successors, shall be, and they are hereby appointed and declared additional Commissioners for putting the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

r vnifr n- TCI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Commissioners who f, of ‘ormer arc or shall be nominated and appointed by the said recited Act, and this am toexe- Act, or either of them, are and shall be Commissioners for putting the said ttut tni« AO. recited Act, and this Act, into Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Regulations, Powers, and Authorities contained in the said recited Act, touching or concerning the Nomination or Appointment of such Commissioners, were repeated and reenacted in this present Act.

Regulations

IV. And be it further enacted, That on the Hearing, Examination, and as to what Determination of each and every Action, Cause^ or Question for the Re-Number of COvery of any Sum not exceeding Sixty Shillings, Three at lead of the said M^'fhTl'iTc"* Commissioners shall be present in Court, and on the Hearing, Examination, present, and Determination of each and every Action, Cause, or (fueftion for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Sixty Shillings, Five at leaf! of the said Commissioners shall he present in Court.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 39. 823

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting Commifiicw-as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act, or of this Act, ta*ce after the said Second Monday next after the passing of this Act (save and except in administering the Oath herein contained to the other Commissioners), until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Effect; that is to say,

" t A.B. do swear, (or being one of the People commonly called sf " Quakers, do solemnly affirm, according to the Form in that Cafe made and provided), that I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially, according to the bell of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Act made <e in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

" intituled, QHere set forth the Title of this Act,2 without Favour " or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to any Person or Persons whom*

soever: and also that lam a Householder, within the Jurisdiction " of the said Court; and that I am possessed of Estates or Property of the " Value of One thousand Pounds above all Charges or Incumbrances " whatsoever.

'So help me GOD.P

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, or any one of their Clerks, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and each and every such Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required (after taking the said Oath or Affirmation) to lign and subscribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept among/t the Records of the said Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act Qualification as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall, at the Time of Commit-of acting, be a Householder within the Jurisdiction of that Court of which he ‘,cner‘-/hall be appointed a Commissioner, and possessed of a Real Estate of the Annual Value of Forty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate, or Real and Personal Estate, together of the Value of One thousand Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid,

shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence (over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty’sCourts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Cominiffionerin the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judg- AflsofCom ments, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and nuflioners Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of Condos-Act, though not duly qualified in point of Property as aforesaid, previ- v,aiLn Spoils to his or their being convicted of ftrcfi Offence notwithstanding such

To rrgulite

the Sittings of the Court.

Present Clerks and Officers tc.he Continued with Power to re-elect, &c-

Appointment of additional Officers.

Power for Clerk to appoint a De-Pu jr.

If futfitient commission-eis do not attend, Court may be ad. journed.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 39.

Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VII. And, for the better regulating the Sittings of the said Court, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the Paid Court, or hear or determine any Case or Cases, Cause or causes, by virtue of +be laid WG«ed--Act,~or of this Act, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and SEfcen of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that nothing in the said recited Act, or in this Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses, in the said Court, in "pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, lave and except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated and appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments, until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Commissioners; and every such Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, as if he had been nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act.

IX. And belt further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear necessary to any Five of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, in Court assembled at any Meeting from the Increase of the Bufinefe of the said Court, or for any other Reason, that more Serjeants or other inferior Officers of the said Court are wanting, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Five Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled in Court on any Court Day, to appoint any additional Serjeant or other inferior Officers, who may appear to the said Commissioners to be wanting or necessary for the carrying any of the Purposes of the said Act into Execution.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Clerk of the said Court of Requests from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Deputy to act in his Room or Stead in case of Sickness, or for other sufficient Cause, to be allowed by the said Commissioners, but not otherwise; and such Clerk or his Deputy, is hereby empowered and required to issue all Summonses. Warrants, and Precepts; and to regiller all Orders, Decrees, and Judgements of the said Court; and do all such Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the said Clerks, by virtue of this Act, and shall enter, and register, or cause to be entered and registered in proper Books, to be provided by inch Clerk, and kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court of what Nature or Kitid soever. n-Urj .1

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case asufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not be present to actin the Execution of this Act, as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the said

13 Court,

47° GEORGII Iir. Sefi‘ 2. Cap. 39.

Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Commissioners who shall be prefeur, and if no Commissioner flia.ll be present, it shall and may be lawful to and for either of the Clerks, or tin respective Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to the next regular Court Day.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks, Serjeants, and offices of

other Officers of trie said Court shall do and perform in their respective Ser-

Offices, as they shall be directed or appointed by the said Commissioners-: Jcantl*&c-And the several Serjeants or other Officers of the said Court, shallferve aH Summonses, and execute such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts* and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be

done by them respectively by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such {Clerk, his Deputy, Ser- may

jeant,^or other Officer shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect be °*'p 401 or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater bees than are by this \ct allowed

to be taken, or otherwise in the Discharge of their respective Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, the said Cominmissionerb an-we-fetd Court then fining, shall and ,are hereby directed and required to enquire ipto the Nature of the said Complaint, and if it shall appear to be well founded, then such Commissioners, or the major Part of them so fitting in Court as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners of the said Court* residing within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to be summoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, which Meeting shall be holden notfooner than Fourteen Days, nor more than Thirty Days after such Summons;

And the Commissioners or the major Part of them present, shall and may

examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear

to ftteb-Commissioners of the said Court, or the major Part of them, that the-fai^ Clerk, his Deputy, Serjeant, or other Officer, hath or have been

guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his or their Office or Offices, then and in every such Case it shall anti-may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners of the said Court, or the major Part of them,

to suspend, dismiss, or remove such Clerk, his Deputy, Serjeant, and other Officer from his or their Office or Offices.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shalljoe lawful for the said Com- Wher D-ht, missioners, and they are htreby enabled to decide and determine all Dif-

putes and Differences between Party and Party, for any Sum not exceeding m'; —^r jj m" Five Pounds, in all Actions or causes of Debt, and in all causes of ajpuupfit and inftmul computajjct, and all causes or Actions of Trover and Conversion, >'

and in all causes of Returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all causes or Actions of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein, or in the This Act nor said recited Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to extend to to enable the said Commissioners to determine the Right or Titleto any Lands, ct,'dln

I eneraents, or Hereditaments, or Real Dilates whatsoever, or to judge, de- D bt:‘ Pennine, or decide on any Debt, where the Title of the Freehold, or Lease for 1 cars of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels, real, shall be brought or come into quefrion; or to judge, decide, or dc-[lee. Per.} 8 2 terming

826

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 39.

termine on any Debt that shall not be for the Payment of a Sum certain, or on any Debt for any Sum, being the Balance of an Account on Demand, originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to judge, decide, or determine on any Debt, which shall arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said Hundreds, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, some or one of them, or by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecciefialtical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition for, or by way of Retainer of I ythes, or for any Matter fuable therein, although the fame respectively shall not exceed Five Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A {lions not

XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall ex-

to be split lor ten(j^ or construed to extend, so as to enable any Plaintilf to split or ofbrin^irg d'v'fte any Cause or Action for the Recovery of any Debt, where the whole them before Sum shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sum of Five the Court as Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more mCre causes or Actions, for the Purpose of bringing such causes or Actions within auKJ' the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that any Plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to dismiss with Colls every futjh Cause or Action so split or divided; but such Dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt, in any of Flis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he or she may lawfully proceed.

A {I ions may X

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Plaintiff, who

ane'piain'iff have so split or divided such his or her Cause or Action, shall be will-

ftisll be in- ing 10 accept such Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by this Act tisfied ton- enabled to adjudge,decree, and pronounce, in full of the Whole of his or ceiire the her Demand, in such Cause or Action so split or divided; then, and in every excee'Ii’r"0* ^uc'n Cafe, the said Commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and profit Pounds, nounce, on such Plaintiff proving his or her Cause or Cafe to the Satisfaction io full of all of the said Commissioners, such Sum to the Plaintiff not exceeding the Sum Demands n of Five Pounds, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and such Action. reasonable; and such Sum shall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be, in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff, in such Cause or Cafe so split or divided.

Debtors to be

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any h*e Person or Persons, whether redding within the Jurisdiction of the said Court Comrolffio*. o»‘ not, and all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brother-ers, who may hoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, who now have or hereafter raa-e such shall have, any such Debt as is herein-before specified or mentioned, or any tweiTthe" 0,her Debt or Debts, owing or due to, orclaimed or demanded by such Per-Parti<-J as son or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brother-<he> ihmk hoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons to whom he, she, or they shall be Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, and for which Debt or Debts he, she, or they shall demand any Sum of Money not exceeding ll:' ' 'the

47° GEORGII Ilf. Sess. 2. Cap. $9. S27

the Sum of Five Pounds, from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said several Hundreds, Parishes,

Hamlets, and Places, or keeping or using any House, Warehouse, Wharf,

Quay, Lodging, Shop', Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, or using or frequenting the Markets there, or feekinga Livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to cause such Debtor or Debtors, Person or Persons as aforesaid, from whom such Debt or Debts shall be due or owing, or claimed or demanded, to be wanted or summoned, by Personal Service, or by a printed or written Summons left at the Dwelling House, Lodging, or Place of Abode, Warehouse,

Wharf, Quay, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, of such Debtor or Debtors, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction of tile said: Court, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court, at such Time and Place, or Times or Places, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the fame Powers,

Process, and Method of Proceeding, Orders, Judgements, Decrees, and

Executions, as are mentioned, expressed, enacted, and declared in and by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

and that as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were

herein repeated and re-enacted; and that the said Commissioners shall and

may, in or by such their Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, order and direct

the Payment of any such Debts to be made, either in one Sum at once, or by By Inrta!-

Instalments at Hated Periods, as they shall see Cause, and deem just and reason- mer,ts or

able; all which Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Ibroceedings so

to be made, shall be registered in a Book or Books, as they have been accus- proCeedi«g«

tomed to be, which Registry (Ira 11 be made by the said Clerk, or his sufficient to be regis-

Deputy, and, as well the Party Plaintiff or Parties Plaintiffs, as the Debtor or tered;

Defendant, Debtors or Defendants, whom such Order or Orders, Decrees,

Judgements, and Proceedings, shall respectively concern, shall observe, perform, and keep the fame respectively in all Points; and no such Orders, and not rj. Decrees, Judgements, or Proceedings shall be removed or removable into >ble b7 any other Court by Certiorari or otherwise howsoever. Certiorari cr

' . o.herwif*.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any S-'jeantor Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit or Cause here- 9!iicfr to after depending in the said Court of Requests, to cause any Person or Persons, residing within the Jurisdiction of the said Court to be warned une *’

or summoned as often as shall appear necessary, by the Serjeant, or other Officer of the said Court, eiti.er by serving such Summons personafy, or by leaving the fame at the last or usual Place, or respective Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, to appear as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence in the said Court, in or concerning any such Suit or Cause j and in case any such Person or Persons so to be summoned Witceftfc* rot to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time »pp*»ring ot and Place to which he, she, or they shall be so summoned; or, appearing to

upon any such Summons, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath; or in frr.

case of a Quaker or Quakers on solemn Affirmation, (which Oath or Affir- fVII 405. and mation the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are 'n of

hereby authorised and required to administer), and to give Evidence as J ^ommii0 aforesaid before such Commithoners, according to the true lnre.it and t^on"T"l 1 leaning of this Act; then, and in either of the said Cases, every such Person so neglecting or refilling shall forfeit and pay, for ever)' such Offence Iwt exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be awarded by the said Commissioners,

828 47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2 Cap. 39.

mifTioness,’ or any Three or more of them, unless a reasonable Excuse be offered to and allowed by the said Commissioners; and if the Person or Persons so offending shall not forthwith pay into the said Court the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any ihree or more of them, to order and cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended by any of the Officers of the said Court, and committed to either of the common Gaols, or Houses of Correction, of the said County of Wilts, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless Application such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and every such Penalty or I Forfeiture as lad mentioned, which shall be received by virtue of this Act, shall thereupon, after deducting the reasonable Costs and Charges of apprehending and taking such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, be paid oVer into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Pari fit wherein the Person or Persons reflectively paying the fame shall, at the Time of his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal to appear or give Evidence as aforesaid, inhabit or dwell, or seek a Livelihood, and shall be applied towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Pariflt.

No Evidence

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be to be given given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Cause or Action, as aforesaid, on anvMaf a°7 Cause of Action, except such as is flated in the said Summons hereby ter not Hated Effected to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted on the Behalf of in his Sum- the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of such Cause or Action, of any ripns, nor by Demand he, she, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in the any Crof«I>«f ^ature of a Sett-off, to lefien or discharge himself, herself, or themselves mar.d lie may from such Demand or Cause of Action, unless Notice thereof in Writing have on the has been given to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by personal Service, or by Plaintiff, un. leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, be given- lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of deal-thereof io trading, or working, previous to the Day, whereon such Matter or

him,. Cause shall be heard or tried.

And if the

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return of Plaintiff (foe: any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any notappt io Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, or of the Cause for, or mand *1)*" on account of which such Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff or Pendant shall Phtintiflk shall not appear either in Person, or by his, her, or their Agent, have Cotts. or fofne other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing, shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall be pronounced against him, her, or them, by the said Court, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Costs, and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance as they the said Commissioners, in their Discretion, shall think fit; and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by such Ways and Means as any Debt or Debts, ordered or decreed by the said Court, can or may be recovered.

f>(., to

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees herein-after limited taken. artd expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the fidd Clerks, Serjeants, and other Officer?, for their several and respective Services in the Execution

of

829

47° GEORGII III. Scfi. 2. Cap. 39.

of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, in lieu and (lead of the Fees and Sums of Money limited and expressed in the said recited Act; that is to say.

TO THE CLERK.

For ent-ring the Caule

- iflfuing Summons

- Killing Subpoena

- swearing every Witness.

- hearing Cause.

- order for Payments ..

- paying Money into Court, ami entering fame

in Boole.

- Nonsuit

- learebing the Book.

- Attachment or Execution, and for entering and idiiing fame

To Ttn Mul lings inclusive. s. d o 6 o 6

0 3 o 2 o 6 o 6

o 3

o 6

o 2

} 0

Lokorty Shillings inclusive.

iu t i vc Pounds inclusive.

s. d. > d.

o 9 o 9 o 6 o 4

o 9 o 9

o 6

o 9

0 4

1 6

1 o 1 o o 9

0 b

1 o

r o

0 9

1 o

0 6

1 0

TO THE SERJEANT.

For fervinrr every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, in T the Town where the Court is held, and making > Return thereof to the Court . . j

If out of such Town, and for every Mile extra, in 1 Addition . . j

For executing every Attachment or Execution~) asainst Goods or Body in the Town where the > Court is held . , j

If out of such Town, and for every Mile extra, in 1 Addition . . . . J

If an Assistance Serjeant fhnuld be necessary in the T Judgement of the Commissioners, then for the> Aflilfant, if in the Town . . . J

If out of the Town, and for every Mile extra, in r Addition .... J

o 6

i o O 2

o 6

o 2

0 9

° 3

1 6

° 3 o 9

o 3

1 o

2 O

0 4

1 O

o 4

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages, Debts due to or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of Persons un-Five Pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, der Age to Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistant, Labourers, certain1' or any other Person whomsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it Cases

shall and may be lawful to and for such Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper,

Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, AiTiPtant, Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court, in the same Manner as il he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissioners present in the said Court, are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of, and proceed concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have such and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's were of full Age.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomso- Imprison-ever, who shall be committed to the said Gaols or Houses of Correction, by mer t ot order of the said Court, for any Debt or Debts, shall be kept or continued in Custody, on any Pretence whatsoever, (except in Cases herein-after provided imitc for,) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her oy

{Loc. &? fer.} 9 A their

830

47° GEORGII III. Se(T.2.r. Cap. 39*.

their Commitment to Prison, than is or are herein-after limited in 'that Behalf, (that is to say,) where the Debt (exclusive of Colts,) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colts,) is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colts,) is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colts,) is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colts,) is above Four Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the said Keeper or Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction is and are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby empowered, in their Order of Commitment of any Person or Persons to either of the said Common Gaols or Houses of Correction, for the Non-payment of any Debt or Debts, to order and direct such daily Sum or Sums to be paid weekly or otherwise, by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to the Defendant or Defendants so committed, for his, her, or their Maintenance while in Prison, as they, the said Commissioners, in their Discretion shall think proper, so as such daily Allowance shall not exceed Three-pence to each Person: And in default of Payment of the Sum or Sums so directed to be paid for the Space of Ten Days, the Keeper or Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction is, and are hereby directed to discharge such Person or Persons from his or their Custody, in such and the same Manner as if the full Debt and Colts, for which such Person or Persons was or were committed, had been fully paid and satisfied.

If any Debtor conceal Money or Goods the Time of Imprisonment shall be enlarged.

XXVI. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned foi Debts to the said Court from' the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods, be it enacted, That in case, upon the Summons of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Information of any such Practice shall be given, such Court shall have Power to hear Evidence as to such fraudulent Concealment; and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administer,) that any such Debtor has Money or Goods, which he or she has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment to any Period in Addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

And the Time of Im-on for. rue at shall extend Separately and succes-fively for each Execution.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Execution, under or by virtue of any Process issuing from or out of the said Court of Requests, and who, at the Time of his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall have more than one Execution against him, her, or them in the said Court, shall beimprisoned the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of such Execution; and after the Time so limited in the first Execution is expired, the Imprisonment in the second Execution shall commence; and after the Time so limited on the second Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the third Execution shall commence, and so on until

he.

47° GEORGII III. Seif. 2. Cap. 39. S3*

he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited, for and in respect of each separate Execution, to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment j any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons, in any Case or Cases where the Party or Parties entitled to any Order, Judgement, or Decree, shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person imprisoned Debtor, not by virtue of this Act shall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of Impri- liable to pa/ l'onment, bedischarged andfetat liberty without paying any Sum or Sums Gaol Fees, of Money, Fee or Fees, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction, or others, by way of Gaol-fees, or Discharge-fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever: And if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction, or any other Person whomsoever shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited, for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person shall for ever)- such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds:

And it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace Two Justicej for the said County of Wilts, to hear and determine every such Offence; may deter-and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required upon any Infor- mine such mation exhibited, or Complaint made before them of such Offence having offence-been committed, in case such Information shall be exhibited, or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witr.effeson each fide, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confefikm of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid: And in case such Penalty cr Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale to the Owner or Owners thereof: And in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to either of the Common Gaols, or Houses of Correction, for the said County of Wilts, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction be sooner paid and discharged: And one Moiety of such Penalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the fame; and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and the same shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the Parish or Place from whence the Person or Persons shall be ordered by such Commissioners to b*

committed.

Process not to issue against the liody and Goods at the same Time.

832

47° GEORGII III. SeflT. 2. Cap. 39.

committed, in Rich Shares and Proportions as to the Raid Commissionera

shall seem right and pioper.

Por support-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall coning the Dig- temptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the Raid Commissioners, ri:y of the or any of tjje officers of the said Court, for the Time being, during his or ind prevent- ^e‘r Sitting or Attendance in the said Court, or going to or from the said ing Itfa'ts. Court, or shall hinder or obstruct the Proceedings of the said Court, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, with or without the Assistance of any other Person or Persons, by the Order of the said Commissioners, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody; and the said Commissioners shall examine into such Insult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what passed, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and upon such Insult, Abuse, or Miffie-haviour, being proved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to impose a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds on each and every such Offender or Offenders; and in case such Fine shall not be forthwith paid. Inch Fine shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, after deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the said Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the said Commissioners, in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, amongst the Poor of the Pa-riffi or Place where such Offence shall be committed, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender or Offenders to eitherof the common Gaols, or Houses of Correction, in the said County of Wilts, for any Time not ex-Verdia» in ceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

»ny other

Count for

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any Debt veratlem°" recoverable by virtue of this Act, in the said Court of Requests, shall be this notin- commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said titled to Court of Requests, then, and in every such Case, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Colts, but if in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for him, her, or D-^ndan'/ them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Costs whatsoever; and if he shall bei'n- the Verdict shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants in such Action titled todou- or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or ble Colls if heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered shall'certify *n ^'c f«ud Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, the Defendant that the Debt or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and such Remedy for recovering oughuohave the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their b«<i reco- Costs in any Cases by Law.

vered in this 4 4

Court. Nothing herein contained to prevent any Person from

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or rest rain any Person from dif-training for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

dillraining for Rent.

10

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 39. 833

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due and When Debt owing, or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly, by reason or <,ue lr, J,n on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade, or otherwise jointly concerned, Service of such Summons as aforesaid on any one of such Part- )u,nn; >ni nera or Persons, Or left at his, her, or their lait usual Place or Places of one of them Abode, Warehouse, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of bc luf‘ dealing, trading, or working, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of h1-1'"1-such Partners or Persons were separateLy summoned as aforesaid.

XXXIV And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Liinita- Stitute of tionsmay be pleaded in the said Court of Requells, it is hereby further enacted Liniutio# and declared, That all Defendants in the said Court shall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitation in force and effect j and every Defendant, so pleading or claiming, shall have and receive such and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as such Defendant would have been entitled to, in case this Act had not been made, and he, she, or they had been sued for the fame Debt, or other Cause of Action, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall re- plaintiffs n« cover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any to recover Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Third Year of His without Nc-present Majesty, or of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been lender of" given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Day's before such Action Amend,.

be commenced; of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions when the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Limitation* be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thingdone in pursuance of Actiom, of the said recited Act of th* Third Year of His present Majesty, or of this Act,

after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Wilts, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Norice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her.

Or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in ffvery such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall [Lot, £*f Per.\ 9 R recover

834-

Rccited Act 3 Geo. 3. except where hereby repealed, or otherwise provided for, extended to this Act.

Powers of laid recited Act, and of this Act to extend to the Parishes, Hsmleis, or Places ot Well wood, Bromham, and H.iwke-ridge, all in the County of Wilts.

[Publick Act.]

Commence-

*ientthercof.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl,2. Cap. 39.

recover Cods, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any De. fendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXXVII. Provided always, That the said herein-beforerecited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the Provisions of this present Act, continue and be in full Force, and extend to all and every Person and Persons to whom this Act doth or shall extend.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Provisoes, Clauses, and Enactments therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Provisoes, Clauses, and Enactments herein, and in the said recited Act contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed)) shall extend to the said several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places of Westwood, Bromham and Hawheridge, all in the said County of Wilts, as well as to the said several Hundreds aforesaid.

4

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

, y ' ' ' I

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the said Second Monday next after the passing thereof.

LONDON: Primed determined by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, liicy.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

Kjj

K35

»aa* a is

Seeadai

di

iTliHH

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SelT 2.

(MUM!*

Cap. 40.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Gravesend and the Hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dartford, Wilmington, and Axiom, in the County of Kent.

[ill August 1807.]

WHEREAS the Town of Gravesend (comprising the Parishes of Gravesend and Milton) is much connected in Trade and Business with the several other Parishes and Places in the Hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dartford and Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent \ and the Inhabitants and Trade of the said Town, and of the said Parishes and Places respectively, have of late Years very much increased, and many Persons resort to the said Town from mod Parts of the United Kingdom, and from Foreign Countrirs: And whereas the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the said Town, and Parishes and Places respectively, are, for the Purpose of recovering imall Debts under the respective Jurisdictions to which by the Common Law they niufl at present reforr, obliged to be at an Expence sometimes far exceeding, and in all Cases highly disproporticned to, the Value of the Sum in corned;: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the necessary Support and Protection of useful Credit in the said Town, and in the several Parishes and Phces within the said several Hundreds, were sufficient [Lee. Is1 Per.} 9 C Powers

746

Cnmir.i&on-

cn.

Ill

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Gap. 40.

Powers vefied in Commissioners to hear and determine Plaints concerning such Debts in a summary Way; but as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Ycur Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by anti with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembt'ed, and by the Authority of the same, That the Seneschal, Sub-Seneschal, Mayor, Justice of the Peace, and Deputy Mayor for the Time being of the Corporation of Gtettvefend zn& Milton, the Kt dors and Vicars for the Time being of the several Parishes within the said Hundreds respectively, and Sir John Dixon Dyke Baronet, Thomas Dyke, William Mumford, John Mumford, the Reverend John Bradley, Thomas Caldecott, HujJ'ey Fleet, Claries Fleet, William Fleet, Eduard Rawlins, Richard Wilks, John Budgen, Thomas Sears, John Scars, John Wellard, Alexander So’omon, Gabriel Fawkes, Samuel Not/ey, Henry Morris, Simmons Hammond, John Emery, Thomas Cavell, Charles Pearce, James Sharpe, Mathias IVilks, John Kett’eiaell, John Jennings, William Newton, John Hall, George Payne, Charles 'Huggcti, Edward Barker Ashby, Richard Aujlin, Thomas Hall, William Budgen, William Nett lefold, Thomas Wart on, Richard Slither den, John Ta]kerr Edward Crcfy, Jafepb Wraight, Joseph Sardine, Wdliam Sheppard, James Colyer, Thomas Budgen, Richard Dunmell, John Loader, James Hards, James Solomon, Thomas Harman the Elder James Toung, Mark Callow, M.edhurst, Samuel Cowell, Charles Tatner, William Andrus, William Muggeridge, Thomas Elgar, Nicholas Ray, Thomas Ed-meads, Thomas Fuller, Henry Colyer, William Lee, William Ray, John Fell owes, Thomas Hajpjfl, Maurice Cavey, Robert Talbot, William Nettleing-ham, John Sharpe, William Cdyer, John Walter, Thomas Forrejl, Silas Chapman, James Siveijland, Thomas Colyer the Younger, John Swaifland, John Alien, George Arnold, Joseph Pcglar Cummings, Jeremiah Dennett, William Twifs, Gee ge Thcmpfon, John Ditchburn, John Payne, Samuel Mann, Alexander Suttie, Nathaniel Barber, John Milter, William Cruden, Robert Pearce Ci uden, Thomas Johrifon, Henry Redman Thompson, Henry Jones, William Heron Rogers, John Keddell, Edward Lark, Richard Harris Beaumont, William Dadd, John Daflowood Taylor, Thomas Kiilick, the Reverend William CrawfordDohXox in Divinity, Thomas Nairn Naifh, Edward William Woodford, Ch'drtes Bee kef, William Troughton, John Gold-smith the tlaer, Edward Murrell, Lawrence Cakes, John Brenchley, John Grover, James Giles, William Styles, George Rich, William Cooke, Peter Gardner, Thomas [I oedgate, Richard Gcldsmith, John Fieder, Henry Edmeadcs, George Sm.th, Charles 1 cfevre, Thomas Harman, Thomas Pitcher, Henry Pitcher, Jeremiah Rojher, Jeremiah Howard, John Locket, Robert Ware, and Robert Snowden, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissionei's for the Recovery id Small Debts within the said Town of Gravesend, and in the several Hundreds of Tolling-trough, Dartford and Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent and the liid Commissioners and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice by the Name of 1 The Court of Requefb

for the Town of Gravesend, and the several Hundreds cf Toliingt rough,

Dartford and Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the said Court on the l'irff Friday in every Month {Christmas Day, Fall Days, and Thanksgiving Da} 3 by Proclamation

747

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 40.

only excepted, and then on the following Day) within the said Town of

Gravesend, in some convenient Place there, to be appointed by the major Part of the Lid Commissioners for that Purpose, at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act; and the said Cotrimissioners Hull and they are hereby empowered and required to hold the said Court on the Third Friday in every Month (Chri/lmas Day, Fad Days, and I hankf-giving Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then on the following Day) within the said Town of Do.rtford, in some convenient Place mere, to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act; and the fird Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be holden within the said Town of Gravesend on the Fourth Friday next after the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Defend*ms^ extend or be condrued to extend so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses in iretis of the said Court so to be holden in the said Town of Gravesend, in pur- wiVmi'fgtcn, fiance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any and Ax-ane Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the ^'n^to^1"* said Court, in any Cause, Suit, or Action, for or cn account of an Gravesend. Debt or Demand incurred, arising, or accruing within the said Hundred of Dartford and Wilmington, and Ar.tane, or any of them; and nothing f^/Tn'v Debt in this Act contained shall extend or be condrued to extend so as to inclined »n require cr compel the Attendance of any Defendant or Defendants,

Witness or Witnesses in the said Court so to be holden in the said Town trough nor*to of Dartford, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said [1'Jirl^"ai Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or 10 "rt or ‘ Officers of the said Court, in any Cause, Suit, or Action, for or on account of any Debt or Demand incurred, arising, or accruing within the said Hundred of Toltingtrough.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the Commitnon-major Part of them, present at their Meetings to be duly holden in pur; Caufis^nd fuance of this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and give judge, determine all such Actions and causes as are hereinafter mentioned, and '"ent> to give such Judgements, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Colts, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods or Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgement, or make any Order or Decree, as to them shall seem just in Law or Equity; and in case of an Equality cf Votes on any Action, Cause, or Question before the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case the Commissioner present who Hands first in the Lift of Names of the said Commissioners (which Lift the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang or cause to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet) shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Decision of Three Com. each and every Cause or Question for the Recovery of any Sum not far

exceeding Forty Shillings 1 hree at least of the said Commissioners shall be pielent in Court} and on the Decilion of each and every Action mution«r;far

‘ , r 5 Sums above

Cause, Forty SbKr

'to regulate the S*.. n- of the Court.

For afpoint-iftent ot new Ommiiuon* trs.

Commissioners Oath.

47e GEORGII III. Seflf. 2. Cap. 40.

C5ause, or Question for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five at lead of the said Commissioners shall oe present iu Court.

V. And, for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said Court or hear or determine any ( ale or Cases, Cause or causes by viriue of this Act, but between the Hours ol Ten of the Clock in the toienoon, and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be co ffirued to extend so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses in the said Court, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons syhomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, save and except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Five of the CLck in the Afternoon.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Commissioners (except the said Seneschal, Sub-Seneschal, Mayor, Justice of the Peace, and Deputy Mayor of the said Corporation of Gravesend and Milton, and the said Rectors and Vicars of the fev ral Parishes within the said Hundreds) or any of the Successots of such Commissioners to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, shall die, or refuse to act or shall cease to be qualified in Manner herein dir sted, to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in every fmh Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving and remaining Commissioners acting in thr Execution of this Act, or the major Part of them present at a Meeting to be hidden for that Purpose, within the Space of Thirty Days next after such Decease or Relnfal to act shall happrn to be known or as soon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint One other Commissioner in the Room or S ead ofev ry such Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, or ceasing to be lo qualified; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Flace of Meeting for every such Election, and for the Purpose-thereof, shall be given by Advertisement to be infirted in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the We (tern Division of the County of Kent Fourteen Days at lead before such Meeting shall be holden; and every Commissioner so elected, shall have the like Powers and Authoritirs for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Ru'es, Regulations, and Restrictions, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, (save and except in a iminiltering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Commissionen) until he shall have taken the Oath following, that is to say:

’ ‘ T A.B. do swear, for being one if the Persons called Quakers,- do

solemnly affirm] That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially,

according to the btft of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine ‘ such Matters and Things shall be brought before me by virtue of

an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled, \fet forth the Title of this Atf\ without Favour or

Affection, Prejud ce or Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever \

‘ and

749

4.70 GEORGlt Hi. Seir. 2. Cap. 40.

5 and also that I am a Householder, within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and that I am possessed of a Real Estate of the Annual Value of Forty Pounds, [or of a personal Effate of the Value of One Thousand Pounds,] above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever. So ‘ hplp me God.

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any Three or mote of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer ip open Court; and each and every such Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (after taking the said Oath or Affirmation] to sign and subscribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept among the Re* cords of the said Court.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified Q^iific-tion to act as a Commissioners in the Execution of this Act unless he shall ot conmii-at the Time of acting be a Householder within the Jurisdiction of the flouer,> said Court, and possessed of a Real Estate, of the annual Value of Fmty Pounds, or of a personal Estate of the Value of One Thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Encumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act every such Person shall for every such Offence, over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Colls of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient f ,r the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; provided never- cfron thelefi, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts and Proceedings of

all and every Person or Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commis- ton-

sioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as afore* Y cuo" s°°J. said, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Anpr>;,tTeii for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, at their said oi'u-5«r.-. fir It Meeting to nominate and appoint One or more fit and proper P,r-fons for tach of the several Offices of Clerk, Serjeant, and Crier, and for the other necessary Offices of and in the said Court of Requefis; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons appointed to execute the Office of Clerk, immediately after his or their Appointment, and from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Deputy or Deputies to act in his or their Room or Stead in case of Sickness, or for other sufficient C.ause, to be allowed by the said Commissioners, but not 01 her wife; arm every such Clerk, or "his Deputy, is and are hereby [Loc. is Per.] 9 D empowered;

750

Iff ifHcient Numbc> of Commissioners go noc attend. Clerk may Adjourn.

Officers of Citric, Crier, and Serjeant.

Appointment of n' w Officers, in afe of Death or Resigna-tion.

One or more

Clerk or Cftrks.

Wh if Debts

to be dtcided by the Commissioners.

47° GEORGII III. Sefi.2. Cap. 40.

empowered and required to issue all Summonses, Warrants and Precepts, and to regider all Orders, Decrees, ano Judgements of the aid Court and to do al! such Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the said Clerk by v rtue of this Act, and shall enter and register or cau e to be enter' d or registered in a proper Book or Books to be provided by such Clerk, and kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court of what Nature or Kind .'oever,

X. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not be present to ad in the Execution of this Act as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Commissioners who shall be pr Cent, and if no Couunissioner shall be present it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to the next Court Day, or to some earlier Day.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk and Criers of the said Court shall do and perform in their respective Offices as they shall be directed or appointed by the said Commissioners; and the several Serjeants of the said Court shall serve all Summonses and execute such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them respectively, by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the Commissioners who shall be fitting and ailing in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Clerk, Crier, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act, or so soon after as the same shall be known, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners for the Time being to be summoned by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the Western Division of the County of Kent, to meet at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, within Twenty one Days next after their being summoned as aforesaid, and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them present, are hereby authorized and required to elect another Person or Persons in the Room or Stead of every such Clerk, Crier, Serjeant, or other Officer so dying resigning, or being removed as aforesaid, (or the Uses and Puipoiesin this Act contained, and so from Time to Time when and as often as any Clerk, Crier, Serjeant or other Officer shall die, resign, or be removed from their respective Offices.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered and enabled to decide and determine all Disputes and Differences between Party and Party, for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Adious or causes of Debt, and in all Cau'es of Jjfumpfit and Infimul Computajfet, and in all causes or Actions of Trover and Conversion, and in all Caules or Returns founded on a Quantum Mciuit, and in all causes or Actions of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XIV, Pro*

4-7® GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 40. 75*

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said te. mine any Commissionera to determine the Right or Title to any Lan ;s, Tenements ^euf*i^e" or Hereditaments, or real Estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, the Landit or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold, or Leak for Years of any Lands, Tenements or Heteditaments, or of any Chattels (‘ real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account or Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said several Hundreds of Teitingtrough, Dartford and Wilmington, and Axlane, or any of them, or by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition, for or by way of Retainer of Tithes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner or Commissioners of the said Court for the Time being shall be Party or Par- act whrre ties to, or concerned or interested in, any Cause, Action or Matter de- >n'-eieiud. pending in the said Court, no such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners on the hearing or determining such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in making any Order,

Decree, or Judgement therein, but such Commissioner or Commissioners, after being heard in such Cause, Action, or Matter, shall withdraw until the fame is finally determined; and if the Clerk or his Deputy, or other Officer of the said Court for the Time being, shall be a Party, or inter-efted in any Cause, Action, or Matter depending in the said Court, such Clerk, Deputy or other Officer shall not exercise his said Office in such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners forming the said Court shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk, or Deputy or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause, Action, or Matter.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Actions r.ot extend or be conllrued to extend, so as to enable any Plaintiff to split to >e f-1" or divide any Cause or Action for the Recovery of any Debt, where the '0u> mlsn% whole Sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sum them b'lore of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of tile Court Two or more Cauf-s cr Actions, for the Purpose of bringing such Cause or Action within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners t:iac any Plaintiff shall have so fpLt or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in every such Ca!e the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to dismiss with Colts, every such Cause or Action so fp!,t and divided; but such Diim ffal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Re- hc Coir-cotd ac W’ejiminster, or in such other Manner as he or she may lawfully n.,-.vdecree proceed: Provided always, that in case any Plaintiff who shall have so in fu:h p*' lplit or divided such his or her Cause or Action, shall be willing to ac- i!°he cept such Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by this Act enabled tiff tha'1 bs to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the whole of his or her JeceilVths Demand in such Cause or Action so split or divided, then and in every Money in

r ! fu.I of alt

‘u^h Dtnmid

m kc such Order between the Parties as the/ than think fir.

(I

552 47° GEORGII in Sess. 2. C^.+o.

such case the said Commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce (on such Plaintiff proving his or her Cause or Cafe to the Sati-faction of the said Commissioners) such Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, uS to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such Sum shall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners, be declared to be and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff, in such Cause or Caic so Jplit and divided.

Dehtori ma

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Mee-bt sum'ion" ting of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for cdmFf'in'hc any Person or Persons (whether fu< h Person or Persons shall reside within , m»y the Wildiction of the said Court or not) having any Debt or Debts on the Balance of Accounts or otherwiiehowloever, not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Penons, or due and owing to htm as Mayor, Chamberlain, Town Clerk, or other Officer, to any Body Corporate, or to any Club or FriendlySociety, duly associated and constituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever, which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this Act, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsover, inhabiting, reftding, or being within the said Town of Gravifend, or within any of the several other Parishes or Places in the Hundreds of Toltingtrcugh, Hartford, and Wilmington, and Axtanc, or any of them as aforesaid, or keeping or using any House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or using or frequenting the Markets there, or seeking a Livelihood, or in any Way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who shall immediately make out and deliver to one of the Serjeants of the said Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing, under the Hand of the said Clerk, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her or them, and Rating the Particulars of such Demand or Cause of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them t o appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demands; and such Serjeants shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons to be served, on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging to him,] her, or them, or at the Dwelling House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing, Trading, or Working of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and upon due Proof made of such Summons having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners present in Court (such Number present not being less than by this Act directed) are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Sentence or Judgement thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and for the better Discovery of the Tiuth, and more solemn Determination of the Matters and 7 causes

V

753

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 4.0.

causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court, to adminitter an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the said Court, or to either of the said Parties whom they the said Conunif-iioners shall think proper to examine, touching the Matters then inQueltion, and pito to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and also to any o;her Person or i irfons whole Evidence shall seem necessary towards the Hearing and Determining any of the said causes or Actions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpose requisite to the Execution of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be Qnelbrttier due or owing or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly,by tore deemed icafon or on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade or on ’ other wise jointly concerned, Service of such Summons as aforesaid on ai y One of such Partners or Persons, or left at his, her, or their last i; al Place or Places of Abode, Warehouse, Lodging, Shop, Shed, cv.aH, Stand, or other Place of Dealing, Trading, or Working, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of such Partners or Persons were separately summoned as aforesaid.

No Evidence to he given by the Plain, tiff of any Matter not dated in hi* Sum nons, nor by Defend* t in any C>ofs Demand lie may have on the Plaintiff, without Notice given thereof.

, X!X. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Cause or Action a* aforesaid of any Demand or Cause of Action except such as is dated in the said Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of fmh Cause or Action of any Demand he, she, or they may, have on the Plain iff or Plaintiffs, in the Nature of a Set-off, or lessen or discharga hitofeli, herself, or thernfflves from such Demand or Cause of Action, unless Notice thereofin Writing shall have be?n given to the said Plain-: tiff or Plaintiffs, by personal Service or by leavi ,g it at his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode,

Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing, Trading, or Working previous to the Day when such Matter or Cause shall be heard or tried.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who If Debtor shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, Iliad not appear either in pw"comS Person or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her ra‘ffi°ner*

c.r ij»sr Behai/, before the said Court, at the Time and Place mentioned «ed.Pr°* in, toe said Summons, then and, in. every such Case it shall and may be lawtul to und ior the said Commissioners affetnbled in the said Court, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear, the Cause on the Past of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree or Judgement, therein, and toward iugj) reasonable Colls,of Suit, as to them shall ieem most agreeable to, Equity and good Conl'cience.;

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Re, irphinuff rum qt any Summons issued on the Behalf of.apy Pla ntiff' or Plaintiffs, do« not up. or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court*, or of theh7*D«nar°7s Cauie for or on Account of which such Summons shall have been issued, Defendin’’ thp Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear eitherjin Person or by his, her, Jai1tluve or then Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or*

[Lcr. d Per.~\ $ £ appearing

754

+/ GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 40.

appealing, shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall be pronounced against him, her, or them by the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Cods, and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance as they the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by such Ways or Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the said Court.

wSottuf not

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Per-attending if fons, redding or being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after furamoned. having been duly Served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court of Requests, or his or their Deputy, and paid or tendered hi', her, or their reasonable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence, at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, on Behalf'of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpcrna or Summons, and no sufficient Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-appearance being shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court on Oath, or, in case of being a Quaker or Quakers, solemn Affirmation being made (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer), before the said Commissioners by the Party or Parties at whose Inltance and on whose Behalf such Subpsena or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith was or were a Witness, by such Party or Parties judged necessary for the Proof of his, her, or their Cause or causes, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences; or if the Person or Persons so served with such Subpooena or Summons shall appear, and refuse to be sworn, or, being a Quaker or Quakers to make Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to administei), or to give Evidence touching the Matter in question, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to impose any Fine not exceeding Fifty Shillings on such Person or Persons; and in case such Fine shall not be paid forthwith, such Fine shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under.the Hands and, Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Instance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons shall have been issued; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender to some one of the Common Gaols or Houses of Correction within the Western Division of the said County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding the Space of Two Calendar Months.

to

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 40.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time during the Hearing of any Cause in the said Court appear by the Oath of any Person or Persons to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Commissioners present at the Court at which such Cause shall be heard, that such Debtor or Debtors is or are unable, from bickness or unavoidable Accident, to pay and discharge the Debt or Debts for which he, she, or they shall have been so summoned, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the said Commissioners assembled at any such Court or Courts as aforesaid, to suspend orfuper-fede the Proceedings in such Cause, until it shall, upon like Proof as aforesaid, appear to the Court that such Debtor or Debtors shall be able to pay such Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof 4in anyvufe notwithstanding.

-S3CfV: And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages or any other Sum or Sums ot Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistant, Labourer, or any other Person whomsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistant, Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court, in the same Manner as if he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissioners present in the said Court are hereby authorised’ and required to take Cognizance^ of and proceed in all causes concerning such Debts in the same Manner, and shall have such and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were all of full Age.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in any Cause, Action, or Cafe where the said Commissioners shall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, anti thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept under his Hand and.Seal, by way of Capias[ad Satisfaciendum, or Fieri Facias to one of the Serjeants of the said Court, who by virtue of such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may and is hereby empowered to take such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and carry him, her, or them to some one the Common Gaols or Houses of Correction as aforesaid, there to remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgement for the Space or Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed; and in case any such Precept shall be issued upon Execution against the Goods and Chattels of such Party, such Serjeant shall and may and he is hereby empowered to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts as shall be so ordered decreed, or adjudged; and if the Party against whose Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and Process thereupon issue, shall

755

Commissioners to suspend Proceedings in Ca es where Debtors are ill, or unable to pay 111*

Debt-

Debts due to Persons under Aje may be recovered.

*4

Commission-*rs may award Execution again it the Body or Goods.

756

H ca'e Par-abfcoud < r fccecte their Goods.

Prrcf f< not to issue 2-

gamt'l ths Body, Goods, or Chattels of the f mo Pei foil.

Record of J idgement. may be ie-inoved Into the Superior Com t, and Wiit of Execution issue (hereon.

4.70 G EO P. G11 III. ScflV 2. Cap. 40.

by absconding or by feercting or removing his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or EifeQ: of any such Execution, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Wicnelks, at their Dilcrerion to award further Execution either against the Body or Goods and Chattels of such Party, and Prccefs shall issue thereupon, and be served by one of the Serjeants of the said Court in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, in case they shall think fit for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorised and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt or Debts due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by several Payments or Instalments, and under such Terms and Conditions as may appear reasonable and just to them the said Commissioners for the Ease of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, in case any Default or Faliure of any such Payments or Instalments so ordered, decreed, adjudged, or directed shall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at.the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, to award Execution against the said Defendant or Defendants, or against any other Person or Persons who may have given Security to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs under the Directions of the said Commissioners for the Payment of such Instalments in Manner aforesaid, for the whole Debt or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Coils as to them shall 1'eem just and reasonable, and such Debt, or such Part thereof, and such further Costs, shall be tecovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs full decreed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be Lawful to or for the salt! Commissioners to issue any Process against the Goods and Chattels of any Defendant or Defendants in any Case or Cates where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decyee shall have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Body or Bodies of the lame Defendant or Defendants.

XXVII. And as it may happen that Persons fervedlwith Ptocefs issuing out of the Did Court of Requests may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, be it therefore enacted, That in all Cales where a final Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings shall have been obtained in the said Court, it Hull and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West nil nsler funon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgement being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Go.ids and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution being issuert against the Person or Persons or Effects (as the Case may be') of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said

Court,

757

4-7* GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 40.

Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Jud;re or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits, to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgement to be removed into such Superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff ®f any County City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons or Eff <fts of the Defendant or Defendant, in the same Manner as upon Judgements obtained in any of the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same our of the Effects according to the Nature of the Execution for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

X*¥8I. And be it further enacted, That upon each and every Precept Chrkto into be issued upon Execution awarded against the Body or Goods and Chattel* of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Cicrk of the said the p.ecept, / Court for the Time being shall indcrfe or cause to be indorsed the Sum ptl.* ld !l> or Sums of Money, and the Colls so ordered, decreed, and adjudged, cowt before and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively, shall, before any actual Sale of the Goods and Chat- f»Peiieded. tels, or before he, she, or they is or are appreheH?d, or before the Expiration of tire Term of his, her, or their Imprilomment as herein-mentioned. pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk, for the Time being of the said Court such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to such Clerk, as a C^ mpi-nfation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgement and Satisfaction in full for such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, then and in every such Case the Execution shall befu-perfedeff and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the said Party or Parties shall bed IE barged and set at Liberty.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers for the pen,itv on Time being of the several Common Gaols or Houses of Coriection K-eperof within the said Western Division of the said County of Kent shall and he hrf* and they is and aTe hereby required to receive and take into his or their 01111" Custody respectively, all and every Person or Persons who shall fie committed, or ordered tostand committed, under or by virtue of this Act; and in cale the Keeper or Keepers of any such Gaol or Prison shall neglect orrefufe to reeeiveand takeintohis ortheirCullody any Person or Persons foccmmitted, or fh ill, beforetheExpiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall te committed to his or their Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his or their Custody, and wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing signed in Court b\ the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, such Keeper and Keepers respectively so offending in either of the said Cases, and beii g thereof convicted before any-one or more of His Majesty's Juflicts > f the Peace for the saki County of Kent, or for the said Corporation of Gravesend and Milton, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to admiaifler!, or upon his or their own Cenkfiion, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices and in case such Sum shall not be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before TL«c Per.] 9 F whom

35# ' 4-7° GEOK.GI I III. Sess.2. Gap.\o.

whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, then and in every such Case such Sum shall be levied by Distreft and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender or Offenders after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, and such Forfeitures when so paid levied, or recovered, shall be distributed in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed; and in cae sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction as aforesaid for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture and all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged.

NoPiiv'ifpe

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Pivilege shall be allowed tc Attcrnic'd to exempt any Person liable to he summoned by virtue of this Act from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests on Account of his being a fworu Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or of any other Court whatsoever but that all fu b Attornies. Solicitors, and other Officers shall be subject to the several Pioceffes, Orders, judgements, and Executions of the said Court of Rc'.,uefls in the same Manner as any other Person or Persons is and are subject to the same.

NnAu r er,

XXII. And be itfu'ther enacted, That no such Attorney, Solicitor, MGhcitcr, or Scrivener, or any Person pnCfifing the Law, ffiad be permuted to appear po'fiii r cf01 in the said C urr of Requests as an Attorney, So.ici or, or Advocate for tut L yi to or on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Perron, to speak c,iienAliVU before the jaidt ourr in any Caule, Action, or Matter in which such At-ro nev. Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himseltaP r'yor Witness;and in case aii' Attorney, Solicitor,cfirScrivener shall appear in the said Cuurt of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or advocate for or on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself a Party or W itnds, then and in every such Case such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener so offending, fh.,11 for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on being convicted thereof before any One or more of IJis Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Corporation aforesaid, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice and Justices is and are hereby auihoiized and required to administer), or on his own Confession; and in case inch Sum of Money shall not be paid forthwith by the Person or Persons so offending into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices be-f r born such Offender shall be convicted, then and in every such Case such Sum of Money shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Sea’s of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, after deducting such Fine or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Fine or Forfeiture, when so paid levied or recovered, shall be distributed in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be diltr.buted.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2; Cap. 40. 759

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees hereinafter be limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the Clerks,

Serjeants and Crier, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act, for the Recovery of all Sums not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Amount of the Sum recovered; that is to say: ~"

Not exceed- Not exceed-^Not exceed-

ingao ing l-'orty ing live

Shilling*. Shilling* Pounds.

To the CLERK s, d. s* d. i. d.

Entering every Cafe - # 3 I 0 i 6

Illuing ev-*ry Summons o 3 o 6 1 o

Entering or drawing up the Judge-")

meat. Decree, or Order - f o 9

Paying Money into Court, and entering ")

the fame i.i his Book - J ° 3

Paying Money b) Liftalments - o 6 I o i 6

liming Subpoena - 0 3 o 9 i 6

Illuing every Attachment, Precept, Or-")

der, or Execution - »J o 6 I 0 2 O

Acknowledging Satisfaction o 3 o 6 o 9

For every Nocfuit o 6 1 0 2 O

Every S arch in the B vok O 2 o 3 o 6

Swearing every Witness 0 2 o 4 o 6

To the CRIER.

For calling every Cause 0 I 0 2 0 7

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant - O I 0 2 0 2

For every Heari. g O 2 o 3 o 4

For every Nonmit ° 3 o 4 Q 6

To the SERGEANTS.

Serving every Summons, Order, or Sub-A

poena in the Town of Gravesend, or > o 4 o 6 I o

Town of Durtfsrd - . - J

If outot the Town :<jravtfend, or Town 1

of Dr.rtford, for every Mile extra J O 2 ° 3 O 4

Execut.on of every Warrant, Precept,

or Attachment, against the Goods ( o 6 I o 2 O

or Body -

If out of the Town of Gravesend, or')

Town of Dartford for evei y Mile > O 2 0 3 0 4

extra -

And the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang

up and affix or caul'e to be hung up and affixed a Table of all such Fees in some conspicuous Part of the said Court or Place of Meeting of the said

760

T>mc of Im* prfnmeni of D btors limited.

A-y Dehtor

concealing Money or Good1, the Time of his Imo* i'oi.irent shall be enlarged.

/The Time of lm^. ifoi rnent Shall b«. frpa y?tely and fuc-ceflivv'ly f r tach Execution.

47" CjE ORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 40.

raid Commissioners in order that all Persons concerned may be enabled to peruse the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom, soever shall be committed to Prison by Order of the said Court for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued in Custody on any Pretence whatsoever (except in the Cases hereinafter provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison than is or are hereinafter limited (that is to say) where the Debt fexcb five of Colts)d6es not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colls) is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days, and where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) is above Forty Shillings and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) is above Four Pounds, and does not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the said Keeper or Keepers of tire said Gaol or Prison is and are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly,

XXXIV. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned for Debt to the said Court from fraudulently concealing their Money, Goods or Effects; be it therefore enacted, That in case, upon the Summons of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Information of any such fraudulent Concealment shall be given, such Court shall have Power to hear Evidence as to the Fact; and in case it shall he proved to their Satisfaction upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administer), then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court toenlarge the aforesaid Timeof Imprisonment of such Debtor to any Period in Addition thereto not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be taktn in Execution; under or by virtue of any Proofs iHu.ng frein or <. nt of the said Court of Requells, and who at the Tim. of his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall have more than one Execution against him, her or thun in the said Courr, shall be imprisoned the Time by this Act limited lor arid in respect of such Execution, and after the Time so limited in the first Execution is expired the Imprisonment on the Second Execution shall commence, and aiter the Time so limited on the Second Execution is expired the Imprisonment on the Third Execution shall commence, and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of each Separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court previous to his. her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonmtnr; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

5

XXXVI. And,

47° GEORGII III. SeflTa: Cup, 40. /Or

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person iffl-prisoned by virtue of this Act, shall, on the Expiration or Itis or her GaolPeci. Time of Imprisonment, be dischargedand set at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratu ty whatsoever to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or 1 urnkeys of the Prison to which he or she shall have been committed, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of such Prison, or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, take, or receive any fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his ot their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners, after the Time by this Act limited for his. her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace for justicesmy the said County or Corporation, to hear and determine every such ^rQ®.*lc*. Offence; and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made before them, of such Offence having been committed (in case such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Facl, and, upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Conftffion of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus ('if any), after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it (halt and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to some one of the Common Gaols or Houses of Correction as afordai4, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, fcefoorier paid and discharged; and one Moiety of such penalty or Fotfei-ture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for tire fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the said Commissioners 5 and the same shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdnltion of the said Court, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant or Serjeants Servant ot other Officer or Officers of the said Court, employed to serve any hbSnuty m> Execution shall, by wilful Neglect, Omission, or Connivance, oause or pay tl>* suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape Uebt‘ or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or feertteu, lo that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint and due I roof thereof made qpon the Oath or Oaths of Ohc or more credible ILoc'. tar Per.] 9 Q Witness

762 4-/° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 40.

Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant or other OiHcer to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which such Execution was awarded, ro the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of his, her, or their Debt or Debts; and it shall and may be lav ful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereoy enabled to impose any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds far every such Offence, on such Serjeant or S r. jeants, Officer or Officers; and such Fine, if not forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and inch Fine, when so levied and recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the said Commissioners, in such Shares and Pioponions and in such Manner amongst the Poor of the several P-.nines and P aces within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, as they the said Commissioners may think fit and proper.

freer*

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Serjeant, or

Fee^efict-s Crier, or any other Officer or Servant employed b> the fam Commis-the Fees ai. sioners in putting this Act or any of the Powers thereof in Execution Act'tolcfe* exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward what . ever, other than his situation and except such Fees as are appointed and ail wed to them respectively FinePiy virtue of this Act, for or on account of any Thing done or to be done

under or by virtue thereof, or on any Account hath ever relative to putting this Act into Execution, every such Person so offending shall upon Conviction thereof before the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings or upon Verdict or Judgement being had against him in inch Acti->n as i next herein-after mentioned, be for ever incapable of serving or being

employed under this Act in any Office of Profit or Emolument, amt shall over and above forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Lehr, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wtjiminfttr, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence cornu itted, in which Suit no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlauce ____ shall be allowed.

clerk or Ser-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Serjeant formiugiuT* of lhe said Court shall neglect to issue or serve any Summons in the due Duty may be or proper Time for serving the fame, or shall be guilty of any Neglect removed. or Misbehaviour, or otherwise misconduct himself in the Execution of his Office, then and in every such Case, upon Conn laint made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, in open Court, to hear and enquire into the Matter of such Neglect, Misbehaviour, or Mifeonduft, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners on such Hearing and Enquiry, that such Clerk or Serjeant has been guilty of such Neglect, Misbehaviour, or Mifeonduft, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to suspend or remove the said Clerk or Serjeant so offending from his said Office, and nominate or appoint some other fit and able Person to exercise the said Office in the place or (lead of the Officer so removed.

4

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 40.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the Paid Corr.missioners in 1 ’ any Action, Cause, or Matter depending in the Paid Court of Requells, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace ailing in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully, and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully arid corruptly swear any Matter or Thing which shall be false or un rue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof. Avail be and mtf is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in force and effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in, contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the said Commis- Dr Mi ? of Te.ed sioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during wtbe Court his or their Sitting or Attendance in the said Court, or shall interrupt or obstrudfthe Proceedings of the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, with or without the AfMance of any other Person or Persons, by Order of the said Commissioners, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and the said Commissioners shall then examine into such Insult,

Abuse, or Misbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge ot what passed, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnel’s or Witnesses, and upon such Insult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour being duly proved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to impose a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every such Offence, on each and every such Offender or Offenders, and in case such E'ine shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Fine and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the said Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, Aiall be paid to and distributed by the Commissioners in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, amongst the Poor of the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit and proper t and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful lor any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender or Offenders to some one of the Gaols or Houses of Correction as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any verdict a Debt recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Cout: of Requests, shall be commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in Cov. a ,ie!n" the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or thlI> n°* n-Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit Aiall not, by reason cl a Verdict for him, cotff }*and if her, or them, or otherwise, have or be emited to any Colts whatsoever, Verdictfor and if the Verdict Aiall be given lor the Defendant or Defendants in such heihaUbe'* Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be e. eitied to tried or heard shall think fit to certify that such I'ebt ought to have been CoIls* recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case such Defendant or Defendants shall have Cults and such Remedy lor recovering

the

764. N

Nothing in the Ail contained to prevent Per-fdnt from distraining for Kent.

Statute of Limitations may be pleaded.

Recovery and Application of Penalties

47® GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 4a.

the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Coils, in any Cases by Law, and no Action or Suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any fupc-rior Court by Certiorari, or any other Wtit or Process whatsoev. r, except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Case or Cases where the Deiendant or Defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their Effects out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after a Decree or Judgement, but every such Decree and judgement shall be final and cmclusive between the Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any Person from distraining for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLIII. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the said Court of Requests, be it further enacted, That all Defendants in the said Court shall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations in force and effect, and every Defendant so pleading or claiming that! have and receive such and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and lie, (he, or they had been sued for the fame Debt or other Cause of Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in Bar to the Action or Suit.

XL,

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whfte* of is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offendersby Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said C ommissioners, (which said Warrant such Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant), upon the Confession of the Party or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting such Fines and Penalties and the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress, and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be by the said Commissioners distributed among the Poor of the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests in such Shares and Proportions and in such Manner as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall think right and proper; and in Cafe fufiicieot Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Paid Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seal* to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to any one of the common Gaols or Houses of Correction for the said Western Division of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Maiuprife for any Time not exceeding Three Calender Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, sand all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be foonerpaii and satisfied.

47° GEORGII lit. Sess. 2. Cap. 40. 765

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Convic- for.m of c°n' tion shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, v "1 the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

‘ BE it remembered, That on this Day of in the

Year of the Reign of A.B. is convicted

before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

‘ [or before of the Commissioners for the Recovery

« of Small Debts in the County of Kent] of having

[as the Offence shall fc]; and I [or We] the said do ad-

‘ judge him [her or them] toforfeit and pay for thefametheSum of such Offence being contrary to the Provisions of an Act, made in the ‘ Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled

[here insert the T>tle of the Afl]. Given under my Hand and Seal 4 [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid/

XLVL. And be it further enacted, That where any Difhefs shall be n'strefonrt made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act the Dif- wamoiiu-m. tress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any De-fest or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

X LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Older, Verdict, Assessment, proceeding* or Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any

of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of wamlfform, any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quaftied or vacated 'ebher(mov' for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari or by certiorari, any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall pisi,tUFnot recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons recover for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing "^orator shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Forty-two Days Temtn ot before such Action be commenced of such intended Action, signed by AmeiK"-the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Pro-cee lings. Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by [Loc. & Per.] 9 H such

766

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 40.

such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Aiiiont'0" &f

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit L ’ shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed j and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Forty-two Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall 6nd for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demmurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

Compenls-tion to be inaile to the Clerk of the Corporation of Oravel'end

L. And whereas there is an ancient Court of Record holden before the Mayor and Three Jurats of the said Corpotation of Gravefind and Milton: And whereas the Clerk of the said Court who holds his Office for the Term of his natural Life, will sustain some Loss by this present Act unless a Compensation shall be made to him for the fame, be it therefore enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, shall and they are hereby required, out of the Fees limited or to be limited to him and them by virtue of this present Act, to pay or cause to be paid unto John Mills Evans, the Clerk of the said Court, as a Compensation for the Loss he will sustain in his said Office by this present Act, for and during the Term of his natural Life, the yearly Sum of Four Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain (tree and clear of and from all Charges and Deductions whatsoever), to be paid to him yearly and every Year in four equal Proportions, at or upon the several Feast Days following (that is to say), on the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord, the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, and the Feast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions, the first Payment thereof to begin and be made at or upon the Feast Day of Saine Michael the Archangel, next after the passing of this Act: Provided always, that if the said Annuity shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Ten Days after the same shall become due, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Clerk to recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or Action of Aflumpfit, for Money had and received to his and their Use, which Action shall and may be brought against the said Clerk or Clerks of the said Court of Requests for the Time being when the said Annu ty shall be so due.

lights eff Courtot Record and P.;-rishes of Gravesend ad. M !ton,

LT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend so as to affect, lessen, prejudice, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Francfffes, Liberties, Powess, or Jurisdiction of the said Court of Record,

but

sie

iiiai

iOc

prds

it lb

!qx.

litis

alii

ihtis

iOk

iit, a eeii e pit IB

of 8 Viip 1U 0,2 in?

1 if:

4

*i‘

tti>

it?

1

ii

47° GEORGII III. Sess. f. Cap. 40. 767

but that the fame, and all other the Rights and Privileges of the Mayor, af*

Jurats, and Inhabitants of the Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and this Act/ Milton shall remain and continue in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if this Act had not been made.

: r.-.a‘l yn. hzatnaimoo si Iteill

[Publick Act.]

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and PubliekAct. taken to be a and shall be judicially taken Notice of a* such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

i *> f-i»u UK li stedi baA. J

teicqwQ . Lc Cnc-roy M adj

iuoj bin. 3.I to rii.O s Jttgafa L>f r.- TA aniol nkfbt lliw ,ati.I V*id to mtsT srit tot 1 tot mid oj r.tjifTi sd ll^tfT tf'VttnaqrnoD a akdr>» ft A, viftl sdj In tdv.j to tiiy) art I ted 1 jbsfitna a tot Errs licrfl gnisd soriTsib rot suliiv yd ntorij^qj imimil.ad oj

77a

oiiKt Lieq sd oj &5u£3 to rpt aonirlnsqmoO c gs jniiuL bna wt ,ftA lmibnj gi Jtwd to ibauoH tuo'd to mw2 II bns saytcrO f(a morl bn& t< ai 1*9Y ynv> bns yltasy c ----- jrjMr -- i|) gmwollot avj,a fl»;i Iht,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Cap. 41.

An Act for continuing Three Acts, of the Sixth Year of King George the First, in the Twentieth Year of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burntisland and Liberties thereof, in the County of Fife, and for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town.

[1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of

King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of 6 G. 1. Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Bumt-island and Liberties thereof, for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, whereby a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling (over and above the Duty of Excise) was laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold within the Town of Burntisland and Liberties thereof, the said Duty to be applied to the Purposes, and levied in Manner mentioned in the said Act, which was to have Continuance from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty, for the Term of Twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by another Act, passed id [Lor. its Per.] 9 / the

77°

20 G. 2,

17 G.

The Duty granted by recited Acts shall be further continued.

Beer for private Ufcnot liable to Duty.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 41.

the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burniiflaud or Liberties thereof for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the said former Act, and all the Duties, Powers, Authorities, and Clauses therein contained (except such as are thereby altered and varied) were revived and made payable, and continued in full Force and Lfleft, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, for and during the further Term of 1 hjrty.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burnt-island and Liberties thereof for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the said former Acts, and all the Duties, Powers, and Authorities therein contained, were further continued and made payable for the Term of Thirty-one Years, from and after the Expiration of the Term gr anted by the said last-mentioned Act, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted and continued cannot be completed within the Term given by the said Acts (which have now but afjiortTinre to run); and as a Prolongation of the said Acts would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Borough of Burntisland, and to the Public; may it therefore please Your Majesty that k may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the imposition or Duty granted and made payable by the said Acts, upon Ale or Beer that shall be either brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold within the said Town and Privileges thereof, shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term granted by the said lall-recited Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be further continued, raised, levied, collected, paid, and made payable to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Borough of Bumt-island, and their Successors in Office, for the Time being, and their Assigns, or to such Collectors or Receivers as shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this present Act, be by them, or the major Part of them, appointed and empowered, for the Use of the Community of the said Burgh.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person residing within the said Borough of Burniifiand or Liberties thereof, shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this Act, beJiable in Payment of or chargeable with the aforesaid Duty by this Act laid and made payable, for any Quantity or Quantities of Ate or Beer brewed by such Person for the private Use of his or her own Family, and not for Sale,' unless such Person be an actual Brewer of Ale or Beer for Sale, tir a Vender, Tapper, or Seller of Ale or Beer, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 7° GEORGII III. Seflf.2. Cap. 41.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Imposition or Duty (hah, during the Term herein-after mentioned, be raised, levied, and collected from the same Persons, and by the fame Means and Methods, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for, paid, and applied to and for the same Uses and Purposes; and that the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, and their Successors, for the Time being, be and continue Trustees for such Application, with the fame Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Directions, as are mentioned and prescribed in the said recited Acts; and that the said Acts, and every Article, R.ule, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be of the fame Force and Effect, to all Intents and Pu'poses, for raising, collecting, securing, and levying the said Imposition or Duty, and for applying the same to the Uses and Purposes mentioned in the said Acts, so far as thele are not already executed, for and during the additional 1 erm of Years for which the same are hereby granted, as if the said above recited Acts were particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, except as is herein-after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority1 aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement of this present Act, and during the Continuance thereof, it shall not be lawful for any Brewer or Seller of Ale or Beer, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the said Borough of Burntisland and Liberties thereof, to import or fell any Beer or Ale into or in the said Borough and Liberties thereof, unless, he, (lie, or they do previously give Notice to the Magistrates of the said Borough, or their Collector of the said Duty, at his Office or Dwelling House, and agree to be subjected to and charged with the Payment of the said Duty, for all the Beer and Ale which shall be brewed by such Brewer or Seller of Beer or Ale, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the said Borough or Liberties thereof, for and during the Space of one whole Year next after and immediately following the Date of such Notice and Agreement made to and with the Magistrates of the said Borough of Burntisland, or their said Collector, and so long thereafter as such Brewer or Seller of Ale or Beer shall continue to import or fell Ale or Beer into or in the said Borough, and Liberties thereof, without having given such previous Notice, and agreed as aforesaid, being thereof duly convicted before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall be charged with and liable to the Payment of the said Duty to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Borough, or their Collector, for all Ale or Beer brewed by him or her for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months immediately preceding his or her committing such Offence, and thereafter so long as he or she shall continue to import or fell Ale or Beer into or in the said Borough, within the aforesaid Term of Years for which the present Term is granted.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this present Act, William FerguJJbn of Raith, William Wemyfs of Wemyfs, Claud Bofeuell of Balmuto, James Trrxnfend Ofvald ol Dun-nikicr, William Wemyfs of Cutlehill, James Rutkerfoord of Glendovan, James Stuart of Dunearn, Esquires, the Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Fife for the Time being, and the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Time being, for the Disti iCt of Boroughs

whereof

771

How the Duties shall be levied.

No Beer or Ale to be imported without giving Notice to the Magistrates of the Borough, See.

Oeerfeers of the Duty.

77*

Public Act.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

’ 47° GEORGII III. Seflf. 2. Cap. 41.

whereof Burntisland is one, or any Three or more of them, shall be and are hereby appointed Overseers of the Imposition or Duty hereby continued and granted, in place and (lead of the Overseers appointed by the above recited Acts, and shall have and are hereby verted with the fame Powers, and under the fame Regulations, as are in and by the said recited Acts granted and given to the said former Overseers, any Thing in the said former Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from and after the parting thereof, and shall remain in force during the Term of Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act to revive and continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of the Twenty-second Year of His late Majesty, and the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, in the Burgh of Kinghorn, in the County of Fife.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-second Year ofrhe 2zG.:. c.ij.

y Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of " a Penny Stirling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall " br brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the Town 14.0.3,0.28. " of Kvnghorn and Liberties thereofAnd whereas another Act was passed in the f ourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty inticuled, " An Act to continue an Act made in the Twenty-second " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for " Lying a Duty of Two Pennies Sects, or One-sixth Part of a Penny " Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be " brewce. for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold within the Town of

usa,

Sess. 2

[1st August 1807.]

[_L:c. c_f Per.]

9*

Kingborn,

773

Doty granted

by the said Att revived and further continued.

Extending the Powers of former Acts to this Act.

Overseers.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2, Cap. 42.

" Kingborn, and Liberties theteofAnd whereas the said Acts expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament, and the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted and continued cannot be completed unless the fai l Acts are revived, and further continued, which would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Borough of Kingborn, and to the Publick: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it mav he enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall from and after the Twenty-seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seven be revived and the same are hereby revived, and the Impofirion or Duty granted and made payable by the said Acts upon Ale and Beer brewed, brought into, tapped, or fold within the said Town of Kingborn, or Liberties thereof, shall from and after the said Twenty-seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seven be further continued, raised, levied, collected, paid and made payable to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town-Council of the said Borough of Kingborn, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Assigns, or to such Collectors or Receivers as shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this present Act, be by them, or the major Part of them, appointed and empowered for the Ule and Behoof of the said Borough.

II. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Imposition or Duty shall, duri ig the Term hereby granted be tailed, levied and collected, from the same Persons, and by the lame Means and Methods, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for, paid, and applied to and for the same Uses and Purposes, and that the said Provost, Magistrates, and Town-Council, shall be, and continue Trustees, for such Application, with the fame Powers, and subject to the fame joules and Directions as are mentioned and prescribed in the said recited Acts; and that the said Acts, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be of the fame Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, collecting, securing, and levying the said Impolicion or Duty, and for applying the same for the Uses and Purposes mentioned in the said Acts, lo far as these are not already executed, for and during the additional Term of Years for which the same are hereby granted, as if the above recited Acts were particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the piffing of this Act, William Ferguson of Rai.'b, Robert Ferguson Junior of Raith, Claud Bo jin I of Ba'mulo, James Townsend Ojwatd of Dunnikier, the Honourable John Hope of Rankeilor, Lieutenant-General William Wemyfs of Wemyjs, David’Monypenny of Pitmiily, John Anstruther of Air ait. Sir William F.rjkme of Tory Baronet, John Bruce of Grange Mayer, Walter Fergus of Slraibore, the Knight of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the County of Fife for the Time being, and the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Time being for the District of Burghs of which

Kingborn,

774-

ifetj

it!*

ttan;

: iiik kkj in

5»,«

: uik

jof Dr site ids, a

3f, filths Si

k Tii idrb idisa

,!fe

Efib

dims

I'fai

cits?

3f«SI

Los i it

47* GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cty. 42.

Kingborn is one, or any Three or more of them, shall be, and are hereby appointed Overseers of the Imposition or Duty, hereby continued and granted, in Place and Stead of the Overseers appointed by the above recited Acts, and shall have, and are hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as are, in and by the said recited Acts, granted and given to the said Overseers thereby appointed, any Thing in the said former Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and publick Act. taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such,

by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, and this Continsance Act, shall continue in force for and during the further Term of Twen- of Act. iy-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Amdrew Strahaw, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sefliz.

*M jHt*

Gap- 43.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River ‘Thames, from the Parish of Sutton Courtney in the County of Berks, to the Parish of Culham in the County of Oxford. [1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS the building of a Bridge over the River Thames f'om the Parish of Sutton Courtney in the County of Berks, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Culbam in the Count) of Oxford, at or near a Place called Culbam Ferry, or Culbam Ford, would greatly facilitate the Communication between the Counties of Berks and Oxford, and be of great Utility and Advantage to the Publick: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Cods, to build the said Bridge, and to keep the fame in Repair: but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Adf, William Allnutt, John Batchelor Proprietor*. [Loc. & Per.J 9 L Clerk,

778

To be a Corporate Body; their Title or Corporate Name.

Bridge to be built, and bow and in what Manner.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 43.

Clerk, Thomas William Champnes Clerk, Edward Cheer, Edward Child, Gabriel Copland, Thomas Copeland, Samuel Cripps, Thomas Curtis, Francis Eldcrfield, Thomas Goodall, John Hoare, Robert Hoare, William James, Francis Justice, George Knapp, Benjamin Morland, John Philips, William Philips, John Russ, Henry Russ, John Francis Spentove, William Taylor, John Tomkins, and George White the Younger, and their respective Successors, Executors, Adminiilracors and Assigns, are and shall be united into a Company for building the fai<i Bndge at or near the said Place called Culbam Firry, or Culbam Ford, over the River Thames, from Sutton Courtney in the said County of Berks, to the opposite Snore in che Pauih of Culbam in the said County of Oxford, of such G' nflruction as hereinafter is mentioned, and for repairing the fame, and making and maintaining publ ck Carriage and other Roads anc! Approaches to and from the said Bridge between the Village of Sutton C urtney and the London Turnpike Road in the said Parish oi Culbam, and for executing the several other Powers vested in them by this Act; ard shall so> those Purposes be, and are hereby declared to be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of ‘ The Company of Proprietors of Sutton Courtney Bridge,’ and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession. and a Common Seal, and shall and may sue and be iued in all Courts and Places within this Realm, and shall and may do all other Matters and T hings whatsover, in as full and ample a Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Body or Bodies Corporate within this Realm can or may as such lawfully do5 and that in every Suit to be commenced agamil the said Proprietors, the Process being served upon their Treasurer or C;erk, shall be deemed sufficient Service upon the said Proprietors.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby req ired, by themselves, their Agents, Officers, Workmen, Servant1, or Assistanrs, at their o.vn proper Coils and Charges, to build a good and substantial Briuge with Abutments made of Stone, Brick, or other Material1, at or near the said Fci ry or Ford over the River Thames, from Sutton Courtney in the said County of Berks, in the opposite Shore in the Parish of Culbam in the said County of Oxford, and to make Roads and Aj.p.naches on each Side of the said River, to and ftom such Bridge between the said Village of Sutton Courtney, and the London Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Culham, for the PaiLge of Travellers, Cattle and Carriages, and that such Roads and Approaches to she said Bridge shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be con-fi lered as Parc and Parcel of che said Bridge; and that there shall not be more than Three Arches or Openings (except Land Arches) between the Abutments of the laiu Bridge, one Arch or Opening whereof shall be Forty Feet wide at the least, and the Sofete or Crown of the said Arch shall not be lcfs than Twelve Feet high above High-water-mark; and all the said Arches collectively (exclusive of the Piers and Abutments) shall not be leis than One hundred Feet wide; and that the Way for Pattengers, Carriages, and Cattle over the said Bridge shall be Twenty Feet in width at leaf! between the Rails, Balluitracles or Walls; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby also authorized and required to make the said Roads and Approaches to the said Bridge, and also one or more Toll-house or Toll-houses on or near the said Bridge, with proper Conveniences, and

f) to

779

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 43.

to supporr, maintain, and keep the said Bridge, Tol!-houses, Conveniences, and Roads and Approaches to the said Bridge lor ev. r in good and fufBcient Repair; and the said Company of Prop letors a'e hereby also authorized ro remove ar.y Shelves and Obstructions in the said River wirhin Five hundred Yards of the said Bridge, and to lake away all B.ds of Giavel, Sand, Mud, or o;her Impediment within the like Dist.ince f.om H e Lid Bridge, and to dig and cut the Banks of the said River within the same Distance on each Side, in such Manner as th.y flidl judge necessary and proper for erecting and building and for the Prelervacion thereof, and Irom Time to Time to do or cause to be done all other Things necessary and proper for erecting, building, making, repairing, supporcing, and maintaining the said Bridge, Toll-houses, Conveniencies, and Roads or Approaches hereby authorized to be trested and made.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Statute Duty Act contained shall exonerate or exempt any Person or Persons whomso- j^o*«hepafT-tver, in the Parishes of Sutton Courtney, and Culbam, or either of them, ins of this from doing or being called upon to do any Statute Duty, either personally or with his, her, or their Teams, Horles, Carts, or Carriages, upon the Roads or Approaches on either Side of the said Bridge, but the Time Prrlons shall remain liable to do Statute Duty thereon, in the same Manner as before the passing of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- Material! for pany of Proprietors from Time to Time and at all Times from and after '^c ^Tithe Frfl Day of September One thousar.d eight hundred and seven, at brought and their Wdl and Pleasure, to bring, place, lay, work, and use any Timber, «orket upon Srnne, Brick, Lime, or other Materials for building and erecting, or for re- near the pawing cr rebuilding the said Bridge, or for executing any other of the Bridge with. Puipmes of this Act, in, upon, through, and over any Common or Waite Ground within Three hundred Yards of the said Bridge, without making ary private any Rtcompence for fu doing; and also in, upon, through, and over any sit^faction* private Lands or Grounds within Two hurdred Yards of the said Bridge, for the injury doing as little Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction for such done-Damage to toe Owners and Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Poli- Bodies Cor-tick. Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, porate, &c. Execctois, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Luna- fei7p"*fest0 tics and Idiots, and all other Trullres whatsoever, for and on Behalf requited ror of themfrlves, their Heirs and Successors, Infants or I(sue unborn, Badge,15&cf Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or Cettuique Trulls, or other Persons '

whotruoeier, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in ther own Right, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whonsoever, who are or shall b feiled or poffrffed of or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of any Tenure whatsoever, which may be neteflary for the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, or agree with the said Company of Proprietors lor the Purchase thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, cr by Way of Annual Rent for the fame, and to le 11 and convey the lame as Otcasion shall be or r-quire j and all Contracts, Agteements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so

made

780

Comm'loners to determine DitfeN eace*.

If Parties can-n >t ag ee, the

Matter to be set led by a Jury.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 43.

made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any. wise notwithstanding; and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administra-rors, Husbands, Guardians and Trusteer, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Counties of Oxford and Berks for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for settling, determining, and adjusting all Disputes which shall happen or arise between the said Company of Proprietors and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, touching and concerning the Reconipence and Satisfaction which shall be made to them, or any of them, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any Tenure whatsoever, necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and to adjust and settle what Share and Proportion oi such Recompence and Satisfaction every Tenant or Person having a particular Estate, Term, or Interest in any of the Premises, shall have of receive for his or their respective Interest and Damagrg, and for the Damages they or any of them shall have sustained by and upon Account of the erecting and maintaining the said Bridge, er by, for, or on Account of making any Roads or Approaches as aforesaid, or the doing or performing any of the Matters or Things herein-before or herein-after iuthorizjd to be done and performed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Troftee or Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Co'p'rations Aggregate or Sole, or any other Perfoq or Persons interred in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon Twenty-dHe bayv Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Duelling House or Houfts, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Corporate or ^bllegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Tenements,' or Hereditaments, shall negfedt or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-taVnents, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Ir.tetefts therein, or for an Annual Rent to be paid for the same, or through Disability by reason of Nonage, Coverture, Estate Tail, or other Impediment what, fodver, cannot make an effectual or valid Agreement, or by reaton of Absence shall be prevented from treating as aforesaid, then in every or any such Case the Commissioners respectively, or any Three or more of them (.as the Case may be) shall cause it to be enquired into and after, tained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, what Damages will be sustained by, and what Satisfaction and Recompence shall be made to such Owners, Oc< upiers, and Proprietors of or other Person or Persons respectively inretefted in any such Lirfds, Tenements, or Herediraments-, and in order thereto the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empoweied from Time to Time to issue their Warrant or Warrants, Pi t'cept or Precepts,

directed

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 4$.

d>re£led to the Sheriff of the County of Oxford, or the Sheriff of the County of Berks (ts the Case may be) thereby requiring him to impannel, Dromon, and return a Number of substanrial and difincerested Person-, qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Twelve or more titan Twenty-tour (which Persons such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return accordingly) and out of such Persons lo to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, a Jury of Twelve Ihallbedrawnby such Commissioners,oranyThreeor more or thcnt,orfome PersontobebythemoranyThreecrmoreoTrheni appointed in such Manneras J uries for the Trial ol-Ifibes joined inHis Majesty’sCourts a> WestmipJler, by aq Aflpjfled in tlieThird Year of his late MajestyK.ngGesr^e the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed co be drawn, which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, are hereby required to appear before the said Comm fiioners or any Three or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants Precept or Precepts shall be directed and appointed (of which Time and Place ali Parties intertill'd shall have Fourteen Days Notice given or left in Manner aforesaid) and to attend them from Day to Day till they shall be discharged by such Comm idiom rs, or any Three or more of them; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby author zed and empowered, by Precept or Precepts under theij Hands from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to call before them any Person or Persons in order to be examined as a Witness or WiU nesses upon Oath before the said Commissioners, or any Three ar more of them, or before such Jury, touching and concerning the Ptemifes. and ‘the Commissioners or any Three or more of them, if they shall think fit, shall and may ciufe the said Jury, or any Six or mote of them, to view the Place or Places in Question, and shall have Power to adjomo such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to coqw mand such Jury, Parties, and Witnesses co attend until all the Matters lor which they were summoned shall be concluded y and the said Jury upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called to give Evidence, tire laid Comniilhoners, or any Three or more of them, aie hereby empowered and required to adminifitr) shall esquire touching the Value of such Lands, Tenements, or jjeredj-taments, and of the rrfpective Estates and Incerelts of the Person or Pen, Cons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, seised or possessed of or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, or the Damagts which shall or may be done to any Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the doing or performing any of the Matters and Things herein-before or herein-after authorized to be done and performed, and shall assess the Sum or Sums, Rent or Rents to be paid to every such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, for such their Estates and In-terells, and as a Compensation or Satisfaction for the Damages they shall fultain as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall give Judgement for such Sum and Sums of Money, Rent or Rents so to be afielfed; and the Verdict or Inquisition of such Juries, and the Judgements, Orders, and Decrees thereupon shall be final, binding, and concluGve, to all Intents, and Purposes whatsoever, agaimt the (Lor. E? ffrf\ 9 M. King's

47° GEORG! I III. Sett. 2, Cap. 43.

'Kina’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all Parties ami Persons whomsoever, as well absenc as prrfcnr, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate, or Sole, claiming any Estate, Right, Tide, Trust, Use, or Interest, in, to, or out of such Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or ctherwile, as well Infants and UVues unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disabilwy uhatsoever, and all other Cc Unique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and agairft all other Persons whomsoever, and all and evety such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons interested in fujh Lands, Te-r.ements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby, after Payment or Tender and Rrfuial or Neglect in Manner as hereinafter mentioned, be from thence-Jonh, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the Erne; anti Two Transcripts of all such Verdtfts, or Inquisitions, and Judgements, Orders, or Decrees, and all other Ptoc;edings of the Commissioners and Juries, so to be made, given or pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed and sealed by 1 hree or more of the said Con’m.'flioners, making anti pronouncing the fame. One of which Transcripts shall be forthwith tranltni:-trd to the Paid Company of Proprietors, their Treasurer or Clerk, and the other to the Clerk of the Peace of the respective Counties (js the Cafe maybe) to be carefully preserved amonaft the Records of that County, and the said Transcript-, so signed and sealed, shall be deemed and taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purposes whttlocver; and the said Transcripts or true Copies thereof, to be signed and proved by the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall be good and eff dual Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, and ali Persons may have recourse to the fame gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying tier every Copy mot exceeding the Sum of Two-pence for every Seventy-two Words'; and so proportionably fot any greater Number of Words; and upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessrd by such Juries, and adjudged or decreed by such Commissioners to the Party or Parties concerned, or entitled thereto as aforesaid, or to their Agent or legal Tender thereof, nude to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Agent; and Refufal to accept the fame, or in calc any such Personor Persons, after Ten Days Notice g ven to him, her, or them, or left at the House of the Occupier of the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to receive the fame, then upon Payment thereof into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or any Three or more or th'-m, shall by Writing under their Hands appoint for the Use of the Party or Parties interestedas aforesaid, and to be'paid upon Demand to him, her, or them, or his or their known Agent or Agents, or after such Annual Rent or Rents shall be so assessed, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, to have, hold, use, and enjoy such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to and for their own proper Use and Benefit, and to and for their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, to make use of airy such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Premises for the Purposes of this A«R; and this Atfl shall be sufficient to indemnify as well the said Commissioners as the said Company of Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons by them or any of them authorized and empowered therein, or acting under them against- such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested, their H«rs»

Successors,

47° GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 4.3.

Succtffurs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and against all and cveiv other Person or Persons whomsoever, to all Intents and Purposes whatfuvei.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any D'-faulc in a sufficient Number of Jurymen to be sworn for the Purposes of this Act, the said Sheriff or h:s Deputy shall return other hanest and indifferent Men of the Scanders-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, as Hull be necesfuy to make up the Number of Twelve to serve onfuchjury, and that all Persons concerned (bail from Time to Time have their lawful Challenges as aforesaid against any such Jurymen when they shall come to be (worn; and that the tiici Commissioners, or any '1 hree or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have full Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Pine or Fines on such Sheriff his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Detaaic in the Premises, or upon any Person or Persons who shall be summoned and returned'on any such Jury or Juries, and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be Iworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict, or in ar y other Manner neglect his or their Duty in the Premises contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and likewise upon such Person or Persons summoned as aforesaid to g;ve Evidence, who shall neglect or refole to appear at loch Time cr Tnr.es, Place or Places, as shall be appointed lor that Purpule as aforesaid, or appearing shall relufe to be Iworn or to give Evidence, or 'O be examined by or before the Did Commissioners, or any I hree or more of them, and from Time to Time 10 levy furh Fine or Finef by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons offending in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of such Three or more of the acting Commissioners, to be directed to the Constable, or other Peace Officer of the Township, Parish, or place, where futh Offender or Offenders shall live* which Constable, or ether Peace Officer, is hereby required to execute the fame, so as no such Fine do exceed the Sum of Five Pounds; which Fine shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors fur the Purposes of this Act.

IX. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall fit to act as a Comrr.issioner or Commissioners in any Case where he or they is or are in anywise, directly, or indirectly, interested or concerned in the Matter or Matters in question, nor shall any Person whomsoever be sworn to serve on a Jury, or be examined as a Witness, where he or fne is anyways, directly or indirectly, interested in any Matter in question.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall not take Possession, or enter into any of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until such Payment or Tender of the Recompence or oatislaction so assessed and aejudged shall be made as aforesaid, or in case of Rent, until the same shall be assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, otherwise than for surveying, taking a Level of, and markirgout the Ground which they intend to make use of for the Purpose aforesaid, and which it shall be lawful for them and their Workmen, Surveyors and other proper

Assistants

783

If a sass,cunt Number of Jurymen do not rre..d, the Jury to be made up from the Senders by.

Sheriff, &r. making Default, iuay be fined.

CommisEcm-

m or Jury not to act where inter cited.

Proprietors

not to take Poss flron of Prtmifls t.il Payment of Purchase Money.

784 47* GEORGII III. Sess. a* Cap. 43.

AfMants from Time to Time, and at every convenient Tims 10 do, they doing the reby as little Damage as may be, and giving Two Days Notice to the Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or Possefibr ut such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the Time of their coming to make such Survey, or to take such Levels, or to mark out such Ground, in order that furh Owner, Occupier or Possefibr may be present if he, she, or they shall think fit, and making Satisfaction for a!! Damages that shall be done to any Grass or Corn, by making such Survey, taking such Level, or maiking out such Ground, in tale such Damage shall txcecd the Value of One Shilling.

Pxp-nces of XL Ard be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be t.icjuj. Summoned and iwom pursuanc to the Authority of this Act shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Inquifuion for more Monies, as a Keconipence or Satisfaction for the Right, Imereft, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or Damage than what shall have been agreed to and iff red by the said Comj any ot Proprietors, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Kighr, Interest, or Property, or for any Lots or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences ot summoning and main, tainins the Jury and Witnesses for asceriaining and determining the Value of any such Right, Prop rty, or Literc.il, or the Loss or Damage fullaintd as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the said Company of Piopiietors; but if any Jury or Juries so summonea and l'worn as aforesaid shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Inquifnion for no more or for less Monies thanshall have been agreed to and offered by the said Company of Proprietors before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction lor any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid determined by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors shall have such Controversy cr Dispute; which Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by the Lid Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may he deduded out of the Money so afiefled by the said Jury, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Per-' "' fan or Persons i and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such

Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes to be a full and sufficient Payment or Tender: Provided always, that in £11 CaLs where any Person or Persons shall by Reason uf Absence from the Kingdom, have been prevented from treating, then such Colts and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Company of Proprietors: Provided nevertheless, that all and every Person or Persons who shall sustain any such Damage or Injury shall apply to the Commissioners, and proceed a3 herein-before directed to determine and adjust the fame, and the Recompence and Satisradion to be given, within Three Calendar Months alter any Rich Damage done or Injury received, and not afterwards; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Meetings of

mTiTbt'in'fii

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting shall be held by the within a li* said Commissioners, or any Three or mure of them, at any Place that

imied Dif- y shall

i-j.ee.

785

47° GEORGII III. Sect.2, C^',43,

shall be above Four Miles distant from the Place where the Controversy cr the Matter to be inquired of shall arise or happen.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Annual Renter Rent-, to be agreed for or afllffed as aforesaid, for any Lands, Tenements, b-im^ntob* or other Hereditaments, shall from Time to Time, as the lame shall become pud. due, be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, Half-yea: iy, 10 the Person or Persons who shall be entitled theteto, and such Person or Persons shall have the fame Estate and Interest in such Annual Rent or Rents, as they would have had to the said Premises, in case this Act had net been made; and in default of Payment thereof by the said Company of Proprietors within Twenty-eight Days after the same shall become due (and being lawfully demanded of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors) it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who Shall from Time to Time be entitled to the said Annual Rents, or any of them, to commence or prosecute One or more Adtron or AXions at Law on the Cafe, or ot Debt, against the said Compunsj of Proprietors and their Suc-erflurs, and shall and may, upon such Action or AXions, recover the Money then due, together with Costs of Suit, and have such Remedies for the same as ate allowed by Law in other Cases.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or Ap-Hcatia* agreed pr awarded to be paid, for ti e Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, cr.Heret Laments, purchased, taken, or uled by virtue of the Powers of 2n, Aiming t» this AX for the Purpose3 thereo , which shall belong to any Body Politick, ao-A Ci.rporare or Collegiate, or :o any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Admini-straror, Husband, Guardian, Commute, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of^Lny IuLnt, Lunatic, loior, Finv Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftriX ox ether Settlement, or to any other Person under any other Disabi'ity or Incapacity whats ever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amounc to the Sum ot Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into tire Bank of Englandin the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Gtner dof the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Company of P oprietors ot The Sutton Courtney Bridge, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the DircXion and with the Approbation of the liiid C urr, to be flgnified by an Order rd&de upon a Pecirion to be preferred in a summ.rry Way, by the Person or Per-fois *ho would have bten entitled to the Rents and Pr firs of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such ether Incum-bracc.-, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affixing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be convened and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Ulies, Trurts, Intents, and Eurposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, w hifch shall be so purchased, taken, or used as alcreLid, fit od settled or hrn:t<-d, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and ILoc. WPer.] 9 iY fie tl.meat

786

Application rf (. «-vp-nration if ief« than iool, and exceeding zol.

Application of Cotnpema-ti- n, if !ci* than 20'.

In case of not making out *1 ities j

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 43.

Settlement shall be eroding undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such PuFchafe shall be made, the said M nev lb all by order of the said Court, upon Ap, lication thereto, be inverted by the said Ac< (.uncant General in his Name, in the Pu chafe of Three Pounds per Ctmum Confoird.ic.-d or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Am uities, and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ord red by the find Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends anti Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Ba k Annuities shall from Time to Tun; be paid, by Order of the said" Court, to the P. r'on or Persons who wouhl for the Time being h ive b rn entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tencmtn S, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, i.a case such Purchase or Settlement wire made.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredr ments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purpnfrs aforesaid, and b.-f'aging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons und; r any DiLbiiity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall txceed or oe equ.d to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profi s of th.- Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lo purchased, taken, or ufeit, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, C m r.ittte or Committees, in cfe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be sign fied in Writing under their rtfpre-tive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, nnd placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons m king such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Company of Proprietors (I’uih Nomination and Approbation to be dignified in Writing under the Hands of the uorr.inating and approving Parties) in ore cr that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed , so far as the C ite may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diicftion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money, so ageed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as tile said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Commitree or Commirtees, to and for the L'fc and Benefit of such Period or Persons lo entit.-d respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in c fe he Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments to bepurchafid by virtue of this Act, for the

t Purpoli*

7® 7

Persona

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 43;

Purposes of die f id Br due, Road, Approaches, or other Works, mall rri'use to accept th. firne, or Hull nor be able to make a good Title to the Premiers to the Sadsfaiflion of the said Company of Proprietors; or in cris. case the Person or Persons to whom any such S am or Sums of M >ney shall k*|r_

I s so awarded as ahreftid cannot be found, r«r if the P. rf>n or Persons chu: Money entitled to fuchfLan is or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, lok.' nt> tnen and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissit ners, or any Three or more of them, to order the Sam and Sums of-Money so awarded as aforesaid, to he paid into the Bank of England in pe Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court

0 Chancery, to be ulaced to his Account to the Crrdir of the Parties mierrfted in the f.i’.d Lands cr Hereditaments [describing the>n\ subject to

1 t O der, C mt' Oul, and Disposition of the faio Court of Chancery, which Lid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons in king claim to fuc'i S m or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Morion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way ot Proceeding, or otherwise as to the lame Cour: shall liem meet, to order the fa ne to be Lid out and inverted in the Public Funds, an d to order Distribution thereof, cr Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respeiSive Ertare or Ertates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons maki' g claim thereunto, and to rmke such Order in the Premises as to t;ie fad Court shall l'eemjurt and re finable t and the Cashier or Cashiers of th- Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby require i to give a Receipt or Receipts for Lch Sum or Sums of M ury, m ntioning and specifying f r what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sams of Money into thr Bank as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, i i pursuance < f this Act, for the Use of the said Bodge, Road, Approaches, or orher Works, for the Purchase of any Lands or Heieditamenrs, or of a y Estate, Right, cr Inte eft in any Lands or Hereditament- to be purch fed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annu tics to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Iitercftof any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been inPolieliion of the Lands, Tenement-, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Pur-hale, a d all Perl ns claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Puficflion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfuly entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession. un il the contrary shall be shewn to the Satis-Lciion of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bar k Annuities to be purchased w.th such Money, and all'o the Capital of such Bink Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly unless it shall be mide appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful one, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Ertate tr Interest therein.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason ta

0/ any Disabihty or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, direct the Pay.

en titled p nce

Where any Quest.on IhaS arif- touching any Title to the Money to be paid, the Per<ln in possession shall oe deemed to be entitled.

788 47* GEO. R.GJI III. Sess. 2. -0^,43-

entitled to any Linds or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Audio-ri+y of tuts Act; the Pjrch ife Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchnfc of other Lands or Her<*ditamen s to be settled to the likeUfcs, in pur-fnance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchasss from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or fomiich of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reason-abie, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

For getting

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and rephr BrUUt for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Bridge, and to and fur all such »r.j Ro.ds. Pet suns as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, dip, ger, gather, and take away any Stone, Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, for miking or repairing the said Bridge, or the Roads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, out of or from any C< mm on or Walk- Ground, Shore or Strand, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Dillrift 01 Place in which any Part of the find Bridge, Roads, Ways, or Approaches the'tto shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the B ,.r:ks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing oft such Pits or Quarr es, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or i thtr Persons as afore I.fid may, by Order of the said Company of Pioptietors or their Committee, such Order to be mane at so tie Meeting of the said Company or their Commiuee to be holden in purfu mre of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Company ol Proprietors, search for, cut, dig, ger, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, of, from and out of the Private Lands, Fields or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found, such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchaid, Yard, Paudock, Walk or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nurlery for Trees, making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the fathe shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and tepairing the said Bridge, Roads, Ways or Avenues thereto shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Imerefts in such Grounds, as the said Company of Proprietors or the said Committee shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the Company’s Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as alor.eiaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning fuj h Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and ior any Two or nu.rr Just res of the Peace of the County or Place where such Materials Ibali fe lo cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away or over, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Parry to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters

789

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 43.

of fir h Payment no D mag^s; and the Judgement or Order of ihefind Junices l)i It be final nd c ..nclulive to a.I Panic.,

XXI. Provi eci neve theft I-, and be it rnacfed, Tint ir shaft not be lautul for any Surveyor, or ether Prrlon or Person -, aciing undtr the A-ithori y of his Act. t > d g, gather, get* take, or carry away any Materials f ,r repramng lucn B alee, or ihe 1\ ».k.s. Way-, or Approaches thereto, or any of them, out «I or from any inclosed Lamis or Grounds, until Notice ir. Writing finned b. the Surveyor shall have Ken given to ti e Occupier of th Prom ts from which lucn Materials arc intended to be taken, or left for fitch Occupur a: hi> uf..al Place of Residence, to appear before the said C m. any ct P/npuerotr, <r their iaiu Committee, or Two or more Justices of the Peace idling for the County of Place where such Premises shall lie, ta shew Cause why focli Sharer'als shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case Inch Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew fuScient Cause to the contra; y, then and in such Case the said Company t.f Proprietors, or their Committee, or such Jult.ccs, fnal. amt may authorize loch Surveyor or otiier Person or Per-iom to dig, get, gather, ai d carry auay such Materials at such Time or Times as <o the said Company, or their Committee, or Justices, shall seem proper-, and if such Occupier (halt neglect or relule to appear by himfeTfor fits Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Company of Proprietor-, or their Committee, or Justices, shall and may make such O'drn therein as they shall respectively think fit, avtuilt and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent h.d attended.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall remove or t.ke away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials laid upon the Lid B.idge, or upon the Roads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, or upon any Fait thereof, fi r the making or Repair thereof, without the Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Surveyor i,r Surveyors for that Purpose, or if any Person or Per-fi#ns whomsoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel or Materials, which shall have been dug or gatheied by or by the Order of the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Waste or Grounds. River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Bridge, Roads, Ways, and Approaches thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, or fh dl get or take away any Stones, Gravel, or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose ol getting such Matedils for amending the said Bridge, Roads, and Approaches thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, btfo e the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Three Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of ary private Ground, and Persons authorized by fmh Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein lor his or her own private Use only, and net for Sale) every Person lb offending shall foifcit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Succefiers toraifeand contribute among

[/ oc. y Psr.~\ g 0 themselves,

No’ic?s to be given to Oc-cup ers wf iii* cloted Lands before Materials taken.

Penalty on taking away Mac trials got by Surveyor.

P: oprieters may raise 40001. among them id vet by

790 47° GEORGII III. iSess.'s. Cap. 43.

tbcmselves, and in such Proportions as to them shall seem meet and coru venienr, any Sum of Money for building the said Bridge and other the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and that the fame be divided into Fifty Pound Shares; and that no Person subser bing to or becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, do become a Proprietor of ]ef> than One Share, or more than Twelve Shares of the whole N< (liber of Shares to be told or lublcribed for, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trull for him or her (rxcept the fame come to him or her by Wiil, or as an Extcutor or Administrator, or in Right of a Wife, or by some other Afl: in Law) upon pain cf forfeiting to the Paid Company of Proprietors all such Shafts exceeding Twelve of the Numt-’cr of Shares as aforesaid j and the Money so to be raised shall be appWd, in the first Place, in paying the Coils and Expences of applyj g f , obt tning, and passing this Atl, and all necessary Expencts relating thereto, and the Residue of such Monies shall be applied for and towards the building of the said Bridge, and ihe completing of the Erne and other the Woikn aforesaid, and for and towards the other Purposes of this Act.

The shares^ XXIV’. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Shares into which Pioprieiou. the said Subscription Monty shall be civiUed, shall be and the same are he-ebc vifled in the several Perloris before named as Proprietors, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, pio-por dumbly to the Sum they and each of them shall levtrally subscribe and piy (hereunto, and shall be deemed Personal Estate; and all and every Person or Persons, his, her, and (heir several and respective Executors, Adminifhatots, and Assigns, who hath or have already lublcribed, or who shall lever by subsenbe and pay in the Sum of 'I en Pounds, or such Sum as shall be demanded in Part thereof, towards building the said Bridge and completing the fame, and other the Works ..nd Purpose* aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive, after the Paid Bridge shall be completed, the entire and net Distribution of one Parc or Share, proportionable to the Sum Pi subscribed, of and in the Profits and Advantages that shall and may aiile and accrue by virtue of the Sum or Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by virtue of this Act, and so in proportion for any greater Number of Shares, not exceeding Twelve Shares of the whole Number of Shares as aforesaid; and every Person having such Property of one Part or Share in the said Undertaking, and so in proportion as aforesaid, shall bear a d pay a proportionable Sum of Money towards carrying on the said Undertaking in the Manner hereby Prop'-tors 10 enacted, directed, and appointed; and every Person possessed of One have Votes, Sha e in the said Under'iking shall have One Vote, and every Person determined by Proxy!" poss fled of Two Shares shall have Two Votes, of Three Shares li:all have 'J hree Votes, of Four Shares shall have Four Votes, of Five Sliarrs shall have Five Votes, and of Six Shares shall have Six Voces, and no more, in every publick Meeting to be held as herein- itter appointed, for carrying Voie* to he on the said Unde: taking; which Vote or Vo es may be g vm by any Prt> Syu bj prietor or Pi p ieter., ei her in Person, or by his or their Proxy or Proxy. ' Proxies appointed by Writing or Writings under 1 is, her, or their hl^nd arid Seal or Hands and Seals, in case it shall be agreed on at any oneot the yearly Meetings of the said Proprietors, to be held by virtue of this Act,

' that

47* GEORGl! lit Sess. 2. Cap. 4.3. 7$t

that Proxies shall be admitted to be uteri, and an Order shall be entered in the Books of the said Company to r at Erfcft; and such Vote by Proxy shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Principal or Prin«< cipals had voted in Person or Persons; and whatever Question, Eleth n of Officers, or other Matter or Thing, shall be propoicd, difeufied, or considered in any publick Medina ro be held in purfu nee or this Act, the same shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then pretent an 1 the Chairman at ev.ry such Meeting, in case or a . S-vision of equal Number, shall have the calling Vote, although he ffialj have voted before; provided that no Person shall give or deliver more Proxies chan for ms whole Number of Votes, and that no Person shall vote as Proxy unless he be a Proprietor.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Pow" tfe Sum of Four thousand Pounds he ein-before authorized to be raised, shall Sun^t-

be found insufficient for building and completing the said . Bridge, and +ock.i. shall other the Works and Purposes hereby authorized to be d< ne, tnen and belnl" in such Case, and not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successrrs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to raise and contribute among themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions a^ to them shall seem meet, or by the Adm fiion of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said B'idge, and other the Works and Pur* pops aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds; and every Suhfcriber towards railing such further or other Sum shall have the like Vote by himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, and shall alfj be liable to such Forfeitures, and Hand interested in the Profits of the said Bridge, and other the Works aforesaid, proportionably to the Sum that he, she, or they shall subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowtd to be fublcnbtd, had been Part of the Sum originally subscribed; any Thing hettin contained to the contrary thereof in anywde notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- ^"hferib. fens who shall be admitttd by the said Company of Proprietors, or the Memberiof* fnajor Part of them, as new Subscribers for the said Sum of Three thou- ,h* Bjdy Pa* sand Pounds or any Part thereof, shall thereupon succeed as constituenc lltick' Member or constituent Members of the Body Politick incorporated by

this Act, and as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Company in the same Manner, to all Intents, Conllruftions, and Purposes, as if he, she, or they had been appointed by. this Act a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Company.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company au-Company of Proprietors shall be desirous of raising the said additional Sum of Three thousand Pounds, or any Parc thereof by Mortgage of the orany’part said Bridge, and the Tolls arising therefrom, and shall make an Order, by M«rtgng«. or enter into a Resolut on to that Efflft, at a Special Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpos: to be called by them, and of which Meeting Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given in the Manner aforesaid, then and in such Cate it shall be lawful for the said Company ef Proprietors, purlu.mt to such Order or Rifolution, to borrow or take

up

792

Form of

Mortgage.

No Preference

anx ng Mortgagees*

A Membra! ot Mot tinges to e e.iteted l>) the Company* Clerk.

Mortgages may t»e tr; lifter red.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 43-

up atlmerefl the said $ >m i f Three thousand Pounds, or any Part theteof, upon the Creditor the said Bridge and T; 11s, as to them (lialile. m meet and convenient; and the said Company of Propri- tors are hereby accort.ingly frilly authorized and empow red to grant, assign, and makeover byway of Mortgage, the several Tolls, Ka>es, and Duties granted to them by this Act, or any Pare these f ( he Colls and Charges ot wh;ch Assignment fh til be paid out of such Tolls, Rates, a id Duties) as a Security for the Sum or S ims of Money f<. to be oorrowtd together with Interest for the fame, unto the Person or Persons wiio shall lend or advance Rich Sum or S m of Money, or un-o his, her, or their Trustee or Truilets, all which Affi nments or Mo gages shall be made by a Deed in Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Form or to the Fifed! following; (that is to say),

1} Y Virtue of an Act, made in the Year of the

j Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled \insert the 4 7it e of the AEf\ We, the Company ot Proprietors of the said Bridge; ineolporate J by virtue of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to us

paid by A.B.ot do hereby bar*

‘ gain, fell, and assign unto the said A.B.his Executors, Adminiflran rs, ‘ and Assigns, he said Bridge, with its Appurtenances, and all and fin- gular the Tolls, Rates, and Dories, granted or anfing and payable to us by virtue of the said Act, and all the Estate, Righr, Title, and In-‘ cerell of us the hid Company of Proprietors, of, in, to, or out of the fame respectively. to hold unto the said A.B. his Executors, Admin'-‘ strators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of

together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of fer Centum ptr Annum, shall be fully paid and latis-

‘ Bed to him or them. Given under our Common Seal, this 1 Day of

And that all Persons to whom such Assignments or Mortgages shall he made shall be equally entitled, one with the other, to the said Tolls, Rates, Duties and Piemifcs thereby «Signed, according and in proportion to the Sums by th;-m respectively lent and advanced on the Credit thereof, as atorefa d; a d that the Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, fti i'l be applied and disposed of for die cai tying on, completing, and maintaining of the said Bridge, and other Works her,by authorized to be made, a d for carrying the several Powers and Authorities hereby given in o Execution.

XXVIII. And be it further hnafl d. T at an Entry or Memorial of every fuih Assignment or M >rtg. ge- as a fore said, containing the Date thereof, the Name or N m?s and Addition of ihe Party ur Parties to whom the lame shall be made, and the S m theieoy ftcured, with the Rate of Intrrcft to be paid for the lanie, fh !I be mule oren.irted in a Book to be kept for'h it Pm pole, determined by t ie Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors for the T roe burr; and that fv.ch Ecok shall an^l may be perused gratis, at ail leafom b c T tnrs, by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said B'idge and Uiire r king; and that all and eie^y Person andP^r-f ns to whom any such Assignment or Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be enti led to the Money thereby securtel, shall and

may

793

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 43.

may from Time to Timeassign, transfer, and make over his, her, or their Right, Title, and interest therein, unto any Person or Pnforss whomsoever, either by Indorsement thereon, or otherwise; which Transfer shall and may be made by a Deed in Writing, in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet:

I A.B. in Consideration of the Sum of Pounds, Form rf

to me paid by C.D. of Do hereby transfer t( utter.

« the within Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage made to rre, by the Company of Proprietors of the Sutton Courtney Bridge, bearing Date the i Day of J and the

« Principal Sum of Pounds thereby secured, and the interest now due, and hereafter to grow due for the fame, ard all ‘ my Riuht and Property therein, unto the said C.D. his Executors, Ad*

ministrators, and Assigns. In Witness whereof I have hereunto fee my

‘ Hand and Seal, this Day of

And that every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Dare H-.rn,rlal, of thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the said Company cf Proprietors, Tra,fe', Vu who shall thereupon cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to the fame be eutenC. Purport and Effcil as hertin-before directed, with respect to the original Alignment or Mortgage to be made or entered in the Book to be kept for entering the Memorials of such original Assignmerts or Mortgages , and that after such Entry shall be made, but not before, such 1 ransfer shall entitle the Afsignee or Assignees therein named, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Propristort t»

Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby required, by and out of Mo-

the Monies to be rail d as herein-before is mentioned, during the Time »<7 advance* the said Bridge and other Works shall be carrying on, and until the lame shall be completed and finished, to pay unto every Body Politick or Cor- C°n'P ' porate, and all and every other Person and Persons, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Affigm, who shall respectively fublcrjbe and advance or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the carrying on and completing of the said Undertaking, interest for the Sum or Sums of Money so to be advanced or paid, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the respective Times of advancing or paying the fame: Provided always, That with respect to such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be advanced before the first Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, interest shall be allowed or paid for the same only from the Day of such Meeting.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further emitted. That the interest interest of of the Money which shall be raised by Mortgage as aforesaid (if any) shall Mortgagees be paid Half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, in Prese- tobefi"'‘Pa:<’ rence to any Interrft or Dividend which shall become due and payable

by virtue of this Act to the said Company of Proprietors, cr any of them, and shall from Time to Time be fully paid and discharged, or provided for before any such Inttreft or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors shall be paid or made.

[Lte. yfr.] 9 P

794-

General and Special Meeting t how to be held.

Bofiness to he «tune at ilie "FMt General Mceing.

First Committee.

Treasurer m d Clerk to be appointed.

S'jbfequsnt Committees how to be chosen j i heir M etings to be Mcndily-

Their Cx-pences, how u> bi Dome.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 43.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the General Meetings of the said Company of Propriem-s for putting this Act in Execution fh-ili he held on the first Tuesday in April, in tach Year, at The Crewi and Tb’Jile in Abingdon, or at any other PI tee or Places which the said Company of Proprietor?, or Three or more of them, shall at fomr public Meeting, to be held in pursuance of this Act, appoint for holding any of the said Meetings; and that the First General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors shill be held at the said Crown and Thijlle, within Fourteen Days next after the passing of this Act, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon: but if at any Time it shall appear to any Three or more of such Proprietors, that for the more effectual'y putting this Act in Execution, a Special Meeting of Proprietors is needfary to be held, it shall be lawful for filth Three or more of them to c use Notice to be given thereof in some Newspaper circulating in the Coun y of Beiks, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors fbatl at any General Met ting direct or appoint, declaring in such Notice the Place where, and the Time when such Special Meeting is to be held (the lame net being less than Ten Days after such Notice) and likewise fprcifying in every such Notice the Reafun for, and Intention of such Special Meetings respectively; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pur-fuar-t to such Notice, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given them with respect to the Matter so specified , and all such Acts of the said Company of Proprietors, at such Special Meetings assembled, shall be as valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if t ie fame were done at General Meetings held in Manner herein-before appointed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors herein-before directed to be held, the Proprietors there assembled, or Three or more of such Proprietor', shall chuse not less than Three Persons for the Time being Proprietors of the said Undertaking, which Persons so chosen shall be a Committee to manage, direct, and carry on the building of the said Bridge, and the Affairs and Business of the said Proprietors, for the Year then next following, or until another Committee shall be appointed, and to do all Matters and Things whatsoever relat ng thereto, and particularly such Matters and Things as are by this Act diiefted to be don* by such Commifees, and as shall from Time to Time be ordered by such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid y and at the said First Meeting the said Proprietors or Three or more of them, shall also chuse and appoint a Treasurer, and also a Clerk, who shall attend the several Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors, and the Meetings of the said Committees, and make Entries of the Proceedings in proper Books to be kept by him for that Purpose, and do whatsoever shall be ordered at such Meetings respectively for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Proprietors be arterwards annually chosen at a General Meeting of Proprietors, and shall meet conllantly every Month (or oftener, if the said Committee shall find it necessary) at a Day, Hour, and Place to be appointed, until the said Bridge shall be completed, and as often afterwards at such Place to be by them appointed (not being at a greater Diltance th n Four Miles from the Bridge) after Ten Days Notice given thereof by the Clerk of the said Company, as Occasion shall require! and in order to

?95

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 43-

to defray the Expence of the Me-tings of the fair! Committee, it shall be lawful for the said Committee, and they are hereby allowed, to expend or detain to themselves such Sums of Money ouc of the Capful Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, for their Expences in attending such Meeting, as at some previous General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors shall be settled and allowed.

XXXIV. Provided also, That such Committee shall from TimetoTime make Reports of their P oceedings to, and be subject to the Examination and Controul of the said General Meetings of the said Company of Pro-ptictors, and shall pay due Obedience to all such Or'ers and Directions in and about the Premises, as (had from Time to Time be made by the said Company of P'oprictors ac any General Meeting, such Orders and Directi ms not being contrary to any express Directions or Provili ns in this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Pro-prirtnrs shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of, or to carry on the fame, as they from Time to Time shall find necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, so that the first Call by virtue of this Act shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Share to be subscribed, end every succeeding Call not to exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum for every such Subscription, and so as no Cabs be made at less than the Distance of Ten Days from each other; which Money so called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer ro the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, to be paid and applied in such Manner as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct for the building, making, and completing the said Bridge, and other the Works and Purposes aforesaid; and such Committee shall, until the next General Meeting to be holden in Manner as aforesaid, have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, as well in buying Materials for building the said Bridge, as in appointing One or more Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and in employing, ordering,.and directing the Works and Workmen, and in placing and displacing such Collector or Collectors, and all Under Officers, Clerks, Servants, and Agents, and in making all Contradts and Bargains concerning the said Undertaking, so that no such Purchase, Bargain, or other Matter be done and tranladted without the Concurrence of the major Part of the said Committee at any Time assembled; and every Owner or Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their Share or Shares and Proportion or Proportions of the Monies to be called for as afcreUid, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by the said Committee, of which Ten Days Notice shall be given by publishing the fame in some Newspaper circulating in the Counties of Oxfird and Berks, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any Special or General Mating direct; and the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors shall also give Notice by Letter, directed to each Subscriber or Proprietor at his, her, or their tilual Place of Abode, of each Call, and of the Name and Place of Abode of the Treasurer, to whom such Payments are to be made; and d any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his# her, cr their

rateabl*

Ommit'e 9 to malt# Neper* of pro-ccrding> to th" neral Aireu lies, and to ‘bey their Orders.

Comir.if'ce to make Calls of Money from the Proprietors when ne-ettiary, &c.

796 47° GEORGII III. Seffr2. Cap. 43.

rateable'or proportionable Part, or Share of the said Money to be called for by the first or any other Call to be made by virtue of this Act, at the Tirtie and Pi are To to be appointed , as afortfa d, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to foe for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Ad'.on of Debt, or on t ie Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no ElFoign, Protcdion, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed j and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Pa't or Share of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Time appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then he, she, or they so negledhg shall forfeit his, her, and their respective Share and Shares, P^rts and Interests in the said Undertaking, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof, all which Forfeitures shall go to the Rest of the said Company of Proprietors in Trust for and for the Benefit of themselves, in proportion to their respective In erects, or another Person shall and may be admitted in the Place and Stead of such Person forfeiting as aforesaid, at 'he EFdion of the Proprietors , all which said Powers, Forfeiture^, and Provisions, shall extend to the Persons who may become Proprietors of new or further Shares in the said Undertaking, under and by virtue of the Powers herein contained for raising an adddicional Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds.

Limiting

XXXVI. Provided always, That no Advantage shall be taken of any

htgA^van^" Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, unless the fame tafe of For- shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the said Cora, tenures. pany of Proprietors, and every such Forfeiture, being so declared at a General Meeting as aforesaid, but not otherwise, shall be an Indemnity to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions whatsoever to be commenced or prosecuted for Breach of any Contract, or other Agreement, between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the Rest of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying o is the said Undertaking.

Company to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro-hi*c Fowei to priecors shall always have Power and Authority, at any General Meeting, ISTmT to remove or displace any Person or Persons chufen to be of the Committee and officers, as aforesaid, or any Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, and to appoint some other Person or Persons in the Room of the Person or Persons lo removed ordifplaced, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules and Directions by this Act prescribed and laid down, in regard to their Proceedings amongst themselves, as to the major Part of them shall feein meet (the Method of calling Special or General Meet-jugs, and voting and appointing Committees only exceptedJ and shall and make and have Power to make such Rules, B^e Laws, and Orders for the good fzy Government of the said Company of Prop ietors, and the good and orderly Management of the said Bridge, and of the Tolls to be taken in respect of the fame, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the said Bye La vs, Oiders and Regulations, and to impose and inflid such rcalpnable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against the fame, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the major Part of such General Meeting shall seem meet, such Fines or Forfeitures to be levied and Recovered by such Ways or Mean', as Fines

pi

797

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 43.

or Forfeitures are by this Act directedtobc levied and recovered; which said Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being first primed or put into Writing, under the Common Sea! of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be binding, and he observed by all Parties, and shall be fuftkient in any Court if Law or Equ ty (ojufttly «di Persons who shall act under the fame, provided that they be not r pugnant 10 the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, of any 1 hing in this Act contained.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any O wher or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die before Calls shall be made for the full Sum to be advanced on each Share, which he, she, or t* ev shall have been polTcfled of or entitled to (without having made Provfiun by Will or otherwise how such Share or Shares shall be dif-poled o‘, ;nd the Money paid in upon Calls for the future) then and in lu.h C afr the Execu-ors or Administrators of any such Owner or Owners so dying, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any I fant , r other Person or Persons whomsoever, entitled to the Estates and Enters of such Owner or Owners deceased, shall be indemnified against ah and rvcrv such Intant or Infants, or other Person or Persons whomso-tvrr, for p ninn any Sum of Money when called for as at iresaid, to com-plce any f ch Subscription; and if any such Owner dectafed shall not have left Aliet, luffiuent, or in calc the Executors or Administrators, Trustees or Guardians shall 'efufe or neglect to answer such Calls and Payments, the L J Company of Propiiet*«is shall be and are hereby empowered, autho-

ze<*. and rrquirtd to admit any other Person or Persons to be a Proprie-ro or Propritto s of the Share and Shares of such Owner or Owners de-tcalrd, <n Condition that he, she, or they so admitted do and shall, on c: b fore such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deccalrd Owner or Owners, or to the Trtftre or Trustees, Guuardian or Guardians of any Infant, or any other Person or Persons entitled to his, hrr, or their Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been determined by such Owinr or Owners in his, her, cr their life-time, by virtue cf any Call or Ca ls, or otherwise, advanced upon such Share or Shares j and in Drfauic t f such Calls being answered and made good in Manner afunsaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to fell and d>lpole of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, and P v and apply the Money aiifing by such Sale (after deducing the reason-ab e Charges occufioned thereby) to and for the Benefit of the Kcpresenta-tives of such deceased Owntr or Owners.

XXXIX. And be it further ensded, Thu it shall be lawful for the said Proprietors fevt a! Proprietors to sell or dispose of any Share or Shares he, she, or ihcy '7?av f,n or shall and may be entitled to in the said Undertaking, subject to the Rules tfceir'share*. and Cordiiions herein mentioned, and any Purchasir or Purchasers

shall fur his, her, or their Security, as well as that of such Proprietor or Proprietors, have a Duplicate or Duplicates of the Deed or Conveyance trade unto him, her, or them, and executed by both Parties, One Part whereof so execurtd shall be delivered to the said Company of P.opri-etors, or their Clerk for the Time being, to be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company; and an Entry thereof shall be made in a Bo k or Books to be kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose, fur which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid; and until such Duplicate JLoc&Per.] jg of

Directing how tails on Share* undisposed cf he. lunging to person* dying shall be made.

On Default of P ymrut, other Person* may he ad. mined as Proprietors.

798

Proprietor* iiot to felt their Shfues until Cal.* are paid up*

Form of a

Tiapifer of

Si|A res.

Ko B.iHirfs to he don<" at tom irtees unless Three Pr prietors shall be present.

The Treasurer to giveSccu* r.ty,

Pridfre *efted in the Company.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 43.

of such Deed shall be so delivered unto the said Company of Proprietors, or their Clerk, and filed and entered as above dm fie.J* such Purclufer or purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking paid unto him, her, or them, nor any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors.

XL. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Monies shall be made by Authority of this Act, no Person or Persons Ihd! fell or transfer any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking un il the Monies so called for upon their elprfiive Share or S ares so to be sold shall be paid, under the Penalty of lorfeiting his, her, or their respective Share or Shares of the Lid Undertaking to the said Company of Proprietors, in Trull for the Bern fir of all the other Propri-tors, unless the Purchasrr or Purchasers shall at the Time of such Transfer pay the Money lo called for upon Lien Share so transferred to the Treafmcr of the said Company of Proprietors, such Forfeiture nrvertheiefs to be notified and declared at a General Meeting, in Manner before directed, with respedb to other Forfeitures of Shares.

XLT. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance or Transfer of the said Shares shall be in the following Form, or to the like Efiefi:

I A.B. in Consideration of the Sum of

towit- J 1 do hereby bargain, fell, and tran-fer. to C.D. his [her, or,

‘ their] Exccuors, Admiristrators, and Assign«,

‘ Share ["V, Sh oes, as the Case shall require] of the Undertaking for *' building a Bridge over the River Thames, between ihe Panlhes of ‘ Sutton Courttuy in the County of Berks, and Culbam in the County of

Oxford, at or near a Place called Culbam Fery, or Culbam Ford, to

‘ hold unto the Lid his [her, or, their] Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, subj fi to the same Rules and Oidtrs, and

on the fame Conditions that I now hold the fame; and I the said C. D.

‘ do accept t ic fa d Share [ur, Shares,] of the Lid

‘ Undertaking, 1ubje£l to the same Rules, Orders, and Conditions.

VYitnels out Hands and Seals, the Day of

XI.II. And be it further enacted, That no Resolutinn shall be taken, or Bifiness done at any Meetings of the bid Committee, unless the Majority of the Members of such Committee be prefenr, nor shall the Treasurer or Treasurers issue out any Sum or Sums of Money fof the Ulc of the said Committee, without an Order signed by the said Committee, or the Majority of them, and all such Orders for the Payment or Money shall be entered in ihe Company’s Books; and the Treasurer or Tre.ifurtrs shall give futh Security for properly accounting for and paying all such Monies as shall come inro his or their Hands as the said Company o( Proprietors shall judge necessary, and the said Treasurer’s Accounts shall be examined and compared with the Books of the said Committee, and shall be made up, and the Balance settled and signed by the said Committee every Year.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge, and the said Toll Houses and Conveniences to be erefied thereon, or near thereto, and

a . also

799

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 43-

also the said Approaches to the said Bridge, and all the Materials which shall be from Time to lime gotten or provided for eretting, build.ng. making, maintaining, ana repairing the fame, shall at all Times bevelled in the said Company of Proprietors, ard their Successors; and when and fu soon as the said Bridge and Approaches thereto shall be ercfled and built, and made fit ai d proper for the Pallaae of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, it frait he lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and theirS ccrfT>rs, fr im Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, to ask, dema d, receive, t cover, and take, to and for their own proper Ule and Behoof, Hr Po nage, a, or in the Name of a Toll or Duty, before any Portage over the lanl intended Bridge shall be permitted, the several Sums foilo.ving;

(that is to iay),

p ie > vt T\ P.-Mon on Foot One Halfpenny: Toll* forpitf-

P r e,e y tiorfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not th*

frawing. Two-pence:

F< r eve y Afs laden or unladen, drawing or not drawing. One-penny

H fp. nnv:

F> ev^y Bull, Cx, Cow, S'eer, Heifer, or Calf, Two-pence:

F r cve y She p or Lamb, One Halfpenny:

F i c ere Bo^r, Sow, or P g, One Halfpenny:

Tor rv ry Hors, Mare, Gelding Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Dray, Cart, Wain, Timber, or other Carnage (except as after me n'Hrneet) Five-pence:

For every Horse, Ma’e, Griding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any C' ach, Chanot, Chai.e, Curricle, Chair, Landau, Berlin, Calalb,

Harle, or other Carriage, Sixpence.

XLIV. And be it Arrherenacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or General F.x^ taken for any H-Kle, or other Beast, which shall be drawing any Barge, emptioni. Boat, or other Vessel, or which shall be attually going to or returning from drawing, any Barge, Boat, or other Vessel upon the said River Thames, or for any Person or Persons necessarily attending the fame, or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mads of Letters and Expresscs under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the lame, or ter any Horle, Beast,

Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horle,

Mate, or Gelding, furnished for or by any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercilc, provided that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respe Stive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid, or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom, or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knigth or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Berks or Oxford, on the Day or Days of such Election, or

goo ^" GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cup.4

on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons mall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner wharever, claim and take the Bencfic of any of the Exe npt'ons determined by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shill forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Ydt'iTn'the

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Tol's shall be and the Company with fame are hereby verted in the said Company ot P'oprirtors, and their Sue* ©birds &e cc^ors > and if any Person shall, af er Demand made thereof determined by any Col*

L' lector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, reftife to p<y the fame, it shall be lawful for such Collector or Col left rs determined by hi vfelf or ihrm-selves. on taking such Assistance as he or they shall think necessary, to ft ip and prtvent the Passage of the Person or Pcift ns fi rtfu,;ng, or of the H rfe. Brad, Cattle, or Carriige, for or in respect of which such Tolls ought to be piid, until full Paym'nt thereof, or to feizr and diltr.in any Horse or Hoifes, or other Cattle, fogethri with tlvir 3 id Is, Saddles, G ars, Harness, or Arcuuremencs, cr any Cnri ige up n which such Toll is by this Act imp' f d; and if such Toll*, an.i the ie.Tenable Charges of fu h Seizure and Distress (hill not be paid withm the S,ace of F. ur D vs a ter such Seizure and D Itief* marie, the Person and P. rfons so fe zing and diitraini >g, shall and may f 11 the (lorfe or Ho.fe, Ca tie. Carnages, Go ds, Chanels, or Things lo seized and r'ifliatn'-d, ir any Pat thereof, returning the Ovciplus (if any be) and what fh..l remain uni i d, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, aftrr fuih To Is and the oafonab'e Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Distress and Salt shall be drdufhd; and if any Person shall forcibly pass over the said Bridge without having paid the said Tolls, or (hill assault, interrupt, or oblbufl any Person employ'd in the Collection of the said T ells, every Pci fun offending in any of fu^h Cases shall, for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, w tereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the Company of PrepTctors, for the Purposes of this Act.

Toils may be

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be Twful for the said red.ce iard Company of Proprietors, from Time to Time at any G neral Meeting laded again. tQ gg jn pUrfuaRCe of this Act, to lessen or reduce all or any of the

Tolls hereby granted, for such Time as they shall think proper, and to raile again the Tolls so kffened or reduced, or any Part thereof, so that the fame do never exceed the l olls herein-bef ire granted; and the Tolls so lessened or reduced, or raised again, shall be collected and recovered in the same Manner as the Toils hereby granted are authorized or directed to be collected and recovered.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Bridge shall be so far completed as to be declared by the Did Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, by an Order in their Book, safe and paffablr, if any other iSrncle Pafon shall ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Bead, or Cattle, or any Wag-w’iihi'.l'afer*r gons Cart, or other Carriage, through, ovi r, or across the said River, at tain Diitance, any Place whatsoever, or if any Person shall for Hire, or Recomp-nce, ow"rtn« th" c°nvey any Horse, Beall, or other Cattle, or any Stones, Bricks, Lime, Bridge. Manure,

Penalty on conveying for Hire Pc dons, Cattle, cr any

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*.2. Cap. 43. 801

Manure, or any other Article or Thing acrr.fs the Lid River Thames, within One Mile on either Side of the said Bridge, otherwise than oves the said Bridge, and if any Person shall convey, or permit or fuss.r to be conveyed, in a Boat or Carriage, nr ochetwKe, any Person or Persons across the Lid River, or over the said Bridge, within the said Pari (he s of Sutton Courtney and Culham, or either of them, for or without Hire, or Recompence, to evade, or in any other Manner, or by any other Means, evade the Payment, of any Part of the said Tolls, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons cn Foot, or any Horse or HoTes, or other B.-afh, drawing, or going to or returning from drawing, any Barge or Vessel upon the said River Thames (but no others) £rom passing or going over the Locks at Sutton Courtney, in the same Manner as before the passing of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further er,ailed, That if the Person or Persons ® h..ving the Care of any Barge, Boat, or other VelTtl, which shall be by Bujemtn navigated in or upon the said River Thames, shall wilfully, careleisly, or k°tteOwn"re negligently, cause, permit, or suffer 2nv Damage or Injury to be done e to the said Bridge by any such Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, then and in every such Case, the Owner or Owners of every such B^rge, Boat, or other Vessel, shall be answerable and liable to make Satisfaction to the said Company of Proprietors for such Damage or Injury, and such Satisfaction shall and may be recovered truth the Owner or Owners of such Ba ge. Boat, or other Vessel, in like Manner as if such Damage or Injury had been occasioned by or through his or their own Negligence or Carelessness.

XLIX. And be it farther enacted, That if the Person or Persons having Penaityonpaf-(he Care of any Breg-, Boat, or other Vessel which shall be navigated Jjjf Bridge.'" in or upon the said River, shall pass a Line over the said Bridge to the Annoyance of PaTcngers or Cattle going over the lame, or if any Per ton shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn upm or ovir the said Bridge, Roads, Way?, or Approaches, any Tree or Pi-ce of Timber, or Stone otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Tree cr Piece of Timber, or Stone, which shall be upon any Whiel Carriage to drag upon any Pare of the said Bridge, Roads, or Approaches, every such Person (had, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shilling?, to be paid to the Inlormer.

L. And be it further etrafted, That if any Person or Persons shall wil-fully 1 r negligently injure, destroy, or otherwise damage, or shall ride, or drive, or lead any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, over or ipon any Footpath or Csulews, rfade or ro be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said B'idge, Roads, Ways, cr Approaches thereto or if any Driver of any V\ aggfcnor other Carriage shall wilfully or carticlsly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones which may be ertCted for the Security or the said Footpaths crCnfeways; cr if ary Person or Ptifons shall [Lot. V Por.] g-R fetape

F^r preventing Annoy ar.ccb.

-Sost 4y° GEORGII III. Sell! 2; Cap. 43.

scrape off any Mud, Soil, or orh.-r Matter or Thing, which shall be or lie upon any Parr of the said Bi idge, Hoads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, with any Instrun.ent, so as to damage the lam Bridge, Roads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hufb mdry, without some reasonable C«use to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloving, and Handing as near the Side of the said Roads, Ways, or App oaches as conveniently may be, in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Bridge, Roads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, either with or without any Horle or Beast harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Buihts, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Bridge, Roads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person travelling rhereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings or mere than Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

'/ama*!![»'*

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or the Bririge^or maliciously pull down or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or Works to ue any Toll House to be erected by virtue of this Act, every Person so rffend-offelony.U l'y ing» and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony.

Bridge not to

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall not be ad-Coumy"1* jutlged or taken to be a County Bridge, or subject the Counties of Bridge. Oxford, and Berks, or either of them, to the repairing, amending, or supporting of the lame; any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

tFhen Bridge

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Bridge shall at impassaDie, a any Time become impassable, or unsafe for Travellers or carriages, the provided.6* said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, shall, and are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith rebuilt or repaired, and made safe and commodious for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages; and in the mean Time until the said Bridge shall be so rebuilt or repaired, and made safe and commodious, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, and they are hereby required, during all such Time as the said Bridge shall be impassable or unsafe as aforesaid, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, over the said River, as near to the said Bridge as conveniently may be; and it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors shall appoint for that Purpose, to demand, collect, and receive for the PalSge of such Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages in the said Feiry, before they respectively shall be permitted to pass, the like Tolls as are hereby

authorized

47* GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 43.

authorized to be taken for passing over the said Bridge; any Thing here-in-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LTV. And be it further enacted, That the several Perfors who have subscribed, or shall subscribe Money towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, or carrying the Purposes hereof into Execution, shall and are hereby required to pay the respective Sums to subscribed within such Time or Times, and in Vuch Parts and Proportions, as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or the said Committee shall order and direct, and the same shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors; and if any such Subscriber shall neglect or refute to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the lame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Ca<e, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all the-Orders and Proceedings of the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, at any of their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the said Company cfProprietor.-, or Committee, prelenc at such Meetings, or the Major Part of them, unless otherwifr directed by this Act, and that such Entries so made and subscribed shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in any Coure whatsoever; and ail Notices to be given in pursuance of this Act, the Mode of which is not otherwise directed, shall be affixed upon the Toll Home or Toll Houses to be ertded by virtue of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Complaints and Informations of Offences against this Act, for proceeding in which no particular Dhedions are hereoy given, and all Complaints and Informations for Offences against any Rule, Order, cr Bye Law, to be made in purlu nee of this Act (of which Rule, Order, or Bye Law, when produc-»!, ill Justices are hereby required to take N( tic-*) shall and may be maue before any Justice of the Peace for the C ounty or Divilkn wherein the cause or Matter of such Complaint or Information shall arise, and every such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to take Cognizance thereof, and to summon the Peri'on complained cf to appear before him, and upon the appearing or not appearing of such Person pursuant to such Summons, to hear the Matter of every such Complaint and Information, by Examination of any Witness or Witnesset, upon Oath or otherwise (wichOith such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) and to make such Determination therein as such Justice shall think proper; and upon the Conviction of any such Person, such Justice shall and may issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act imposed for such Offence, by Distress and Srle of the Goods and Chattels or the Person so con vide d , and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Owner tf such Goods and Chattel- (the Charges of such Ddhcfs and Sale being first dedoded) shall be pa a One Moiety to the Informer or I furn er$, and the other Moiety to the T tafurer to the Lie; Company < f Proprietors, to be applied lor the Purposes of this Act; and in ale f fficirnt Goods md Chattels of any Person liable to pay any such Penal.es or builuiurca cannot be

803

For o'-liging the Suhlrrib-ers t- p'y their Subscrip-tioai.

Proceeding! to be entered in books.

Info'in-ificns and convictions 'o ‘>e herore One Justic*.

Tiie Recovery o; Pen hies amt K r-feaurer.

804 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. . Cty-43-

be found, where’>n to make such Distress, and such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not he forthwith paid, it shall be la-.ful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to commit such Offender to the Common Goal or House of ' oireftion for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until iurh Penalties or Fo feitures shall be paid c,r compounded for, which Compoficion the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered co make.

fowe.- tode.

LVII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may tain jnknown j,e translen[ pCifons, unknown to the Collectos, Surveyors, or other of Offences.tV Officers under this Act; oe it therefore enact-d, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons, guilty of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to conv-y him, her, or them before One or more Justices of the Peace for the County where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases whe e any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against his Act, or any Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this ft, die F rm of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following , (ihat is to

foy)

F-rm of Con- dE it remembered. That on this Day of

V1<a‘on- in the Year of the Reign of

A.B. in convicted before His Majesty's Justices

‘ of the Peace, for the of having [as the Offence /halite]

and I [or, we] the said do adjudge

‘ him [iier, or, them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the

‘ Day and Year aforesaid.*

Appsal.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself,or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in purfjantc of this Act, ft ch Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Fourteen Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Ten Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before fomejustice of the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sections, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizancehaving been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and nquired to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper, and the said Justices may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all Lch Determination

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap..43. 805

nation of the said Justice shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made D;flrer, n,t for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress unlawful for itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making Win‘°' the fame be deemed a Trtfpaffcr or Trespassers on Account of any Dcfed or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or PartieJ lo distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in any Action upon the Cafe.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assess- proceeding! ment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made, touching or concern- n'^dfor ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, offotm shall be quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed or remova- °> bie by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into 0) cl 10 " any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster i any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs phintiffnot shall recover in any Action to be commenced against the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person, for any Thing done in pursuance tics or alter of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Tender of Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Caule of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficienc Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fir, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Atiions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no' Action or Limitation e* Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing Actions, done in pursuance of this Act, after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such [Loc.p? For.] 9 S Cafe

gc6 47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 43.

Cafe the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defenuant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or ' Defendants shall recover Cods, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Su e in any other Cases.

[Publick Act.]

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taker. Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrsw Strahaw, Printers to tht King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sell: 2.

Cap. 44.

An Act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse, under certain Restrictions, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. [ 1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS a licensed Playhouse in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, would be of Convenience to the said Town, and to Persons resorting the re: May it therefore please Tour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Georgs the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend to G 2 so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of 'guecn Anne, recited, intituled, ‘An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds,

‘ Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into one Act of Parliament \ and for the Binniiv ‘ more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and ' Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent,’ as relates to common Players of Interludes; and as discharges or restrains all Persons from repie'enting any Entertainment of the Stage whatever in virtue of Letters Patent from His Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Houfrhold for the Time being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where His Majesty is residing for the Time being, be, and the fame is hereby repealed with rel'pett to the said Town of Birmingham; and that it shall and may be lawful for H's Majesty, His cs* Per.'] 9 T Heirs

c. 2S. and

1 with, to

iham.

8io

His Majesty ir.r.y grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatretliere.

Requiring Proprietors of the Theatre to appoint a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the Theatre.

Names and Places of Abode of the Committee to be published in the Newspaper.

Subject to the Controul of the

Majpstrates.

[Publick Act.]

47° GEORGII III. Sefi*. 2. Cap. 44.

Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse within the said down of Birmingham, with such Privileges, and under such Provisions and Regulations for the due and orderly conducting and managing the lame, as to His Majesty shall seem meet.

II. And be it further enacted, That within Two Months next after any Letters Patent shall have been obtained for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse, and in the Month of December in every subsequent Year, the Proprietors thereof shall appoint a Committee from among themselves, to confilt of not more than Seven, for the Management of the Concerns of the said Theatre or Playhouse; and that the Persons composing such Committee, or any One of them, shall and may sue and be lutd in any Court of Law or Equity, for any Debt due to or owing from the said Proprietors in respect of the said Theatre or Playhouse; and that it shall and maybe lawful for the said Committee from Time to lime to be appointed, to demand and recover of and from the Receiver or Treasurer, for the said Proprietors, in case he shall have any Money in his Hands belonging to the said Proprietors, all Sum and Sums of Money which shall be recovered against the said Committee or any One of them, and such Receiver or Treasurer is hereby required to pay the fame; and in case the Rents, Profits, and Produce of the said Theatre or Playhouse shall be infuiheient to pay and discharge the Debts which may be incurred by such Proprietors on account thereof, the Share and Shares of every Proprietor shall be chargeable with his Proportion thereof in Preference to any other Debt whatsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Committee to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, or any One of them, to recover of and from such Proprietors of the said Theatre or Playhouse, his, her, or their Share or Proportion of any Sum or Sums of Money which may be paid by, or recovered from the said Committee or any One of them, on account of the said Theatre or Playhouse, and to sell and dispose of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Theatre or Playhouse, if it shall be found necessary for the Purpose of raising such Proportion of the Expences as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time compose the Committee for managing the Concerns of the said Theatre or Playhouse, shall within Twenty-one Days next after they shall be so appointed, be inferred in some Newspaper to be published in the Town of Birmingham aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and beitenafred, That the said Theatre or Playhouse, and the Management thereof, shall be under and subject to the Controul and Imptftion of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Warwick for the Time being.

V. And it is hereby enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

♦♦n*

Cap. 45.

An Act for amending an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads though the County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Howford, in the said County and for making more effectual and converting the Statute Labour within the said County; and for repairing and regulating the Roads within the same.

[iff August 1807.]

Wife REAS the Laws now subsisting in Scotland for making Roads and building Bridges have been found insufficient in the County of Lanark, so that further Powers are necessary for carrying the Purposes of those Laws iDto Execution: And whereas the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County ^Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Howford, in the said Ccttnty, so far as the fame relates to the Statute Labour, or Conversion in lieu thereof, have been found in certain Respects inadequate and inapplicable, so that it is advisable to alter and amend the fame; and to declare more precisely than has been done hitherto what Persons are liable [Lee, L? Per.] 9 U in

814

Trustees for carrying the Act into execution. and their Qualification*

Where there js no Person in the Pari fn quali cd, Ttuiiees of the Ward to act.

Proviso when there are not

Two Truf-

47° GEORGII i III. Sess. 2. Cap. 45.

in Statute Labour: And whereas a reasonable Composition in Money’ in'.tcad of Labour, may be found more useful and effectual for making and repairing th;- Roads within the said County of Lanark, as well as more convenient for the Persons liable in thele Services, than the actual Performance of them; and that it will consequently be of Advantage to the Land Owners within the said County, in certain Cases, to convert these Services into Money, and to fix the Rate, together with the Rule of Affdling, and mode of Levying the fame; but the fame cannot be effected with ur the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Heritor in the County of Lanark, who is or shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the Possession and Enjoyment of the Property or dominium utile of Lands in the said County, valued in the Cess Books at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and their Elded Sons, and all Persons who shall at any Time have, and To long as they shall continue to be posselfed of a Qualification to entitle them to be Commissioners of Supply within the said County , the Sheriff-depute of the County of Lanark for the Time being, or in his Absence his Substitures; the Lord Provost, Eldelt Bailie, and Dean of Guild of the City of Glasgow for the Time being; the Deacon-Convener of the Trades'of Glasgow for the Time being; the Preceptor of Ilutchfon's Hof pital for the Time being; the Provost and Eldest Bailie of the Burgh of Lanark for the Time being; the Provost and Eldest Bailie of the Burgh of Ruglen for the Time being; the Chief Ma-gillrate of the Town of Hamilton for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for executing this Act and other Acts relative to Highways, Bridges, Fords, and Ferries, now existing in and extending to the said County.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any such Parish or Parishes where there shall happen to be no Person qualified to act as a Trustee according to the Terms of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the Ward in which such Parish is situated as herein-after mentioned, either at the Annual Ward Meeting or at a Meeting specially called for that Purpose, Notice being given in one of the Edinburgh an d one of the Glasgow Newspapers, Fourteen Days preceding such Meeting; and the said Trtiftees of the Ward are hereby required to order and appoint the Statute Labour within such Parish, or Conversion Money in lieu thereof, to be levied and applied according to the Terms of this Act, and to give ail Directions that may be proper and necessary for making, repairing, and upholding the Roads within the said Parish or Parishes: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that such Power vested in the Trustees of the Ward shall cease and determine in all Cases when and where there shall happen to be Two or more Persons qualified to act as Trustees in the said Parish or Parishes; and such Persons so qualified shall have given Notice of their Qualifications to any Ward Meeting legally called by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if in any of the Parishes within the said County there are not Two Heritors possessed of Lands as aforesaid,

valued

m *'

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 45. S15

valued at One hundred Pounds S ots of valued Rent, then andfo lone as that shall be the Cafe ail Heritors therein possessed of I.ands as aforesaid, "t o»e valued at Seventy-five Pounds Scots of valued Rent, shall be authorized gcotJ

to be and to act as Trustees in the said Parish, and in the Ward in which such Parish lies, but in these only, as freely and fully as if they had been possessed of the Qual.fication above mentioned and described; and there shall be Ward Meetings and Paii'h Meetings as after mentioned; the condiment Members ot which Meetings shall be respedivrly such Trustees aforesaid as either possess the Landed Property above fp.ecified, or official Qualification within the Ward or Parish of which the Meeting is held; and if any Person not qualified as aforesaid shall act as a Trustee ar any qU1iiftej. Meeting, or in any Case whatever, such Person shall for every (ui_h Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by any One of the Trustees duly qualified, by an Action or Complaint before the Justices of the Peace for the said County; which Sum is to be applied :o the Use and Repair of the Roads or Budges in the Ward or Parish where such Person shall act / as a Trustee; and the Vote given by such unqualified Person shall also be held null and void.

IV'. And be it further enacted, That there shall be held a General ct-nerat Meeting in each of the Three Wards of the said County Once in every Year; and for that Purpose the Upper Ward is declared to consist of the Powers and Pari fees of Lanark, Lcffmabago, Carnwaib, Carjiairs, Carluke, Carmichael, Proce;ding», Petiinain, Culter, Covington, Ddpbuigton, Dunfyre, LII/crton, Symington, fiiggar, Lamingtan, IValston, IViston and Ribs rton, Douglas, Crawford, and Crawfordjobn; the Meeting of which Ward is to be held at Lanark, upon the Second Tbufday of October; and the Middle Ward is declared to consist of the Pari fees of Han.ilt.n, Blantyre, Bothwcil, Cambufnethw, Dalferf,

D ilzisl, Stoneioufe, Strathaven, Glasfurd, Sbotts, Cldmonkland, Newmonkland,

Cambuslang, and Kilbrydc, with the Exception of that Part-which is annexed quoad sacra to the Parish of Carmuimock; the Meeting of which Ward is to be held at Hamilton, upon the third Thursday of October; and the Lower Ward is declared to consist of the Pariffiesot G/afgow, Gcrbals,

Barony, Govan, Catbcart, Rugitn, Calder, Carmunnock, and that Part of Kilbryde, which is annexed quoad sacra to Carmunnock; the Meeting of which Ward is to be held at Glasgow, upon the fourth Thursday of Oblcber; and at each of the said Ward Meetings, Five Trustees shall be a Quorum; and the said Trustees shall choose a Prefes and Clerk, with an Allowance to such Clerk of such a Sum as the Trustees shall judge reasonable; and the said Trustees or Quorum shall, at the first Ward Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, or at an adjourned Meeting to be held for that Purpose, fix the Days for the Fixft Meeting in each Parish as herein-after provided; and shall further at the said Annual Ward 'Meeting review the Reports of the State of the Roads, Bridges, Fords, and Ferries, and of the Work performed during the preceding Year in the respective Parishes within the respective Wards; and they (halt be a Court of Appeal from the respective Parishes within the respective Wards in alL Cales where any Person shall consider himself aggrieved.

V. And be it further enacted, That the first Meeting of the said ref- Appoint-pective Wards under this Act shall be held within One Month after the f First passing thereof, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be.

2

816 '

Clc-rk to Ward Meetings shall keen a R-coid of the Proceeding?, eic.

If n* Quorum prtf n. at War Medina, T> i itces pr i «>t nvty fix a fuhfo quest Meeting.

Power and

P'uc e n>s of Pa; tfh.Meetings, &c.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 45.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk, of the respective Ward Mretings shall enter the whole Proceedings of the Trustees regularly in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and shall when required give Extratts of the Orders or Proceedings of the Trustees within ihree Days after such Requifttion, at the Fee of One Shilling; and such Extratts shall be a sufficient Authority for putting those Orders of the Trustees in Execution; and the Clerk to the said Trustees shall have full Power, and he is hereby required, when directed by a Writing under the Hands ot Three or more Trustees, to call a Ward Meeting by Advertisement, specifying the Object, in one of the Edinburgh and one of the Glasgow Newspapers, Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting; and no such Meeting shall be called by any Person but the Clerk or Three Trustees; and the Expence of advertising shall be paid by the Trusteesjj requiring such Meeting, who may be reimbursed out of the Funds of the Parish, on the Business of which the said Meeting is called, provided such Parish Meeting shall order such Reimburrnient to be made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if at the Annual Ward Meeting held as above directed there shall not be present a Quorum which is declared to consist of not fewer than Five Trustees, if shall be lawful for those who attend to adjourn the Annual Ward Meeting to a future Day which adjourned Meeting shall be duly notified by Advertisements in the Newspapers as aforesaid. Fourteen Days previous to the Day of such fub-sequent Meeting and it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees attending, but w ho do not constitute a Quorum, to transact any other Business relative to the Objects and Purposes of this Act but that of fixing the said Adjourned Meeting; and the said Trustees shall, at their First Ward Meeting or adjourned Meeting held after the passing of this Act, fix the Days and Places for the Annual Meetings of the different Parishes within the Ward; which Days and Places shall not be changed but upon Application madet to the Annual Ward Meeting; and it is further declared, that it shall not be lawful for nor in the Power of any Ward Meeting called subsequently to the Annual Ward Meeting in the Month of October, as aforesaid, or adjourned Ward Meeting, to alter, vary or annul, the Determination or Proceedings cf such previous Ward Meetings, or to give any Orders contrary to the Oiders given at such Meetings; such Determinations, Proceedings, or Orders, being alterable only by the Trustees assembled at the next Annual Ward Meeting to be held as above directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees, qualified as aforesaid, shall hold Meetings at such Place as shall be fixed on, wfithin the Parish in which they are Heritors, possessing the requisite Qualification to be Trustees, at such Time as shall be appointed at the Annual Ward Meeting; and in all Parish Meetings One Trustee shall have Power to act; and it shall further be in the Power of any Trustee to call a Meeting of the Trustees of the Parish at any Time after the Meeting fixed by the Annual Ward Meeting; giving Notice always by an Advertisement upon the Church Doors of the Parish, on a Sunday immediately before Divine Service, Ten Days at least before such Meeting, signifying the Time and Place of such Meeting, and the Purpose of the fame; and it is further provided, chat the Trustees in the Earony-Parsh in the Lower Ward be empowered to divide the said Parish into Two DistrRU, the Meetings of which Distri&s fiia’I be fixed, called, and held

47° GEORGII in Sefr.2. Cxp. 45. 8iy

in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as Parish Meetings are subjected to.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees in their respectire Parin. M«t-Parishes shall, at their respective annua! or adjourned Meetings for the \4F-l Purpose, choose a Prefes and a Clerk, w ho may also be Collector during a-.il Clerk, its. Pleasure, and who shall have a reasonable Allowance for his Trouble;

and the said Collector shall if required be obliged to find Security to the Satisfaction of the Trustees, to the Amount of at lead One Years Receipt of the Money to be levied, and to account every Six Months, or ofeener if required, by any One Trustee, before any One or more Justices of the Peace for th/said County, upon Oath; and in case any such Collector shall rrfufe to give such Account, and to swear to the Truth of it, or shall refuse to pay the Balance to whomsoever the Trustees shall appoint, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, upon the Application of any One Trustee, to commit the Offender to Jail, there to remain till such Balance is paid, or until he be liberated in due Couife of Law.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerks shall keep ex aft

Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Trustees of the respective Parishes ", Mi- within the County, and shall enter an exaffc Account of the Money levied n.itcsof Pro-under this Act, and the Application of it, in Books to be kept for that s^u^nike Purpose, which all the Trustees under this Act may inspect gratis; and the an Aiu.u.n Cledc of each Parish (hill make up and transmic to the Clerks of the Ward Meeting, Ten Days at lead before the Annual Meeting, an exact trigs, and regular Report of the Money received and expended on the Roads, the Work performed. Offences committed, and other Contingencies for the preceding Year, within such Parishes respectively; which Report shall be li cned by the said Clerk; and in case of failing to make out and transmit such Report the Clerk shall be liable in a Penalty, upon the Prosecution of any One Trudee, not exceeding Forty Shillings* Sterling, to be levied by Poinding, under a Warrant of any One Justice for the said County; and all Figes so incurred and levied shall be applied by the next Annual Ward Meeting towards making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the said Ward.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of the different Trustees in Parishes within the said County shall at their respective Annual Meetings, Pariiiies shall or adjourned Meetings for the Purpose, fix the Rates of Conversion for ["eRoad".&c. Statute Labour in their own Parishes for the Year; and they shall super-

intend and have the Direction and Management of the several Roads,

Bridges, Fords, and Ferries within their respective Parishes; and they shall have Power, at their Annual or adjourned Meetings for the Purpose, to appoint die Order in which the same shall be made and repaired, and to appropriate the Services and Monies to be exacted and levied under this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper and expedient j always, however, within the Parish where the said Labour is exacted, or Assessment levied; and in case any Or,e of the Trustees of the said Parish shall think such Appropriation improper he may complain to the next Annual Ward Meeting, giving Fourteen Dajs previous Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Parish of his Intention to bring such Appeal and the Matter there »F; provided that no Parish Meeting shall be held later than Twenty-[Lcc. y Per.] 9 X one

818

Statute Work or Conversion to he applied to each Parish only.

Parish MteN ings may appoint Commit*- es or Ov*. f.-ers to superintend the Hoads.

Parish Truf-tecs inr.y bor-r w Money, <t;.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl‘.2. Cap. 45.

one Days immediately previous to the next Annual Ward Meeting; and the Annual Ward Meeting is hereby empowered to hear and determine such Appeal, and to direct Redress, when necessary to be given by the Trustees of such Parish, at their first Annual Meeting the reafter; and the Determination of the said Ward Meeting shall be final, and from it there shall be no Appeal.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Statute Labour, or the Con-

verfton Money collected in each Parish, shall be laid out in making and repairing the Roads, other than Turnpike Roads in that Parish only in which the fame is levied; and it (halt be lawful for the Trustees of Parishes to choose Committees of their own Number, or such other Persons refiling within the Parish as they shall think fit, to superintend the making or repairing of the Roads for theenfuing Year; or they may appoint Overseers in eacii Parish to superintend and directthe Work; such Overseers being allowed such reasonable Compensation for their Trouble as the Trustees shall fix; and such Committees or Overseers shall receive from the Collector of the Parish such Sums as the Trustees shall authorize to be laid out on the Roads directed to be made or repaired; the said Committee or Overseers giving in Annually to the Clerk of the Parish, on or before the first Day of October an exact Account, supported by Vouchers, of the Sums expended by them as aforesaid; and upon their failure to do soit shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County to fine the Defaulters in a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied by Poinding, befuies the Expence of Execution; which Fines so levied shall be applied by the Trustees to the Repair of the Roads within the said Parish.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of a Parish, but not ui less Two Thirds of them in Number agree to do so, to borrow upon the Credit of the Conversion Money within-such Parish such Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall deem expedient for making and repairing the Roads within such Parish, so that thefeSums do not in all, at any Time, exceed Seven Years Amount of the Conversion Money of such Parish; and the Meeting at which such Loan is to be proposed shall be called specially for the Purpose; Notice thereof being always given Ten Days, at lead, previous to such Meet’ng, upon a Sunday by Advertisement, upon the Parish Church Doors; and the said Trustees shall be authorized to assignto the Lenders the Proportion after mentioned of the said Conversion Money, or Part thereof, for such a Term of Years as shall be sufficient to repay the Sums borrowed, and Interest; and the said Parish Trustees shall further be empowered to enter into Contracts and Agreements, and to renew the fame from Time to Time for making, repairing, and upholding the said Roads, for any such Term, not exceeding Five Years, as the said Trustees shall think fit; provided, that not more than One Half of the said Conversion Money in any Parish shall either be assigned in Security for Loans, or appropriated for Contracts, for making, repairing, and upholding the said Roads; the remaining Half of the said Funds being always reserved to be disposed of at the Annual Parish Meetings, or adjourned Meetings called for the Purpose; and in case the Statute Work or Conversion Money in any Parish shall not have been applied in making or repairing the Roads therein, as above directed, it shall be lawful for the Trustees at their Annual Ward Meetings, or adjourned

47° GEORGII III. Sets. 2. Cap. 45. 819

journed Meetings, to apply such unapplied Statute Work or Conversion Money to the Roads in any Parish within the Ward, the said Meeting shall judge proper.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lord Pro- M.uistrates vest, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Glasgow, shall have couiidT the foie Power and Direction of exacting, levying, and applying of ctiaigow the Statute Labour and Conversion Money within the Rojalty Ipp^rafute of the said City , and that such Labour or Conversion Money shall be LabourM rpplied in making, paving, and repairing the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and " >' "‘tthin th* Common Sewers within the said Royalty; and if such Labour or Con-,) ' version Money shall not be so applied, it shall be lawful for any Two

Trustees to enter a Complaint thereof to tire annual Meeting of the Lower Ward, which upon sufficient Cause shown shall be authorized to order such Labour or Conversion Money to be applied as above directei , and to appoint a Committee of Trustees to fee that such Application is duly made; which Committee shall report thereon at the next annual Ward Meeting; and in order ihe more effectually to carry the Object of this Act into Execution, it shall be lawful for the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council «f the City of Glasgovj, to appoint Committees, Clerks,

Collectors, Overseers, or such other Officers as they shall think fit, for superintending, exacting, levying, and applying the Statute Labour or Conversion Money within the said City and Royalty; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be kept met t ksep by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, or by such Person AtC0d'-t--or Persons as they shall appoint, wherein shall be fairly en ered an Account of all Monies levied and laid cut by them under the Powers contained in this Act; which Book or Books shall be balanced yearly on the Thirtieth Day of April (the first Balance to be struck on the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred.and eight,)]anda State of the Rectipts and Disbursements for the Year preceding shall be lodged in the Council Chamber of the said City on or before the Thirtieth Day of June an-r.ually, there to remain for Six Weeks, open to the Inspectiun, without Fee or Reward, of every Person liable in Payment of the aforesaid Conversion Money.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Ma- Town of

giflrates and Town Council of the City of Glasgosv shall hereafter pay GUfgow to from the Money raised for the Conversion of the Statute Labour co^verhon within the said City, to the Trustees of the Western District of the Ba- for Umis?* rony Parish of Cla/gow, Ten Pounds Sterling yearly, as a Conversion ^veyt,inde<i for the Statute Labour of the Lands annexed to the Royalty of the 0> ’

said City by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Ghfgow over certain adjacent Lands; for Raving, Lighting, and Cleansing the Streets; for regulating the Police and appointing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards and appointing Commissioners, and for raffing Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates and Council, ana Town and Dean of Guild Courts for the above and other Pur-pvfes; which Sum. of Ten Pounds shall be in lieu of the Sum of Five Pounds authorized to be paid by the said recited Act.

a

$ 2G

Frovifoas to the Town of Hamilton.

Labour or Conversion, how to be ra* ted, &c.

When Lift* have been neglected, or improperly jnaJe up, they shall be made up or reclined, Sic.

47a GEORGII III. Setr.2. Cap. 4.5.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall prevent the Magistrafes and Council of the Burgh of Hamilton from having the foie Power and Dirrftion of exacting, levying, and applying the Statute Labour and Conversion Money within the said Burgh, and Liberties thereof, in Terms of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, wear the Town ^Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees in each Parish or Quorum of the fame, shall at the first Parish Meeting to be held after the passing and by Authority of this Act make up a Lilt of the Ploughgates of Land, and Subdivisions of Ploughgates within the Parish; and where the Lift of Ploughgates and Subdivisions thereof within any Parish have not been ascertained under the former Law, or where such Lifts have been improperly or inaccurately made up, it shall be in the Power of the said Parish Trustees to ascertain and fix what Portion of Land shall conliitute a Pioughgate, whether the fame be kept in Tillage or Pasture, and so in proportion for each Subdivision of a Pioughgate; and a Copy of such Lift of Ploughgates and Subdivisions thereof shall be transmitted forthwith by the Clerk of the Parish to the Clerk of the Ward Meeting, to be entered in the Book kept by him; provided that it shall not be in the Power of the Trustees in any Parish to diminish the Extent or Number of Ploughgates therein; and the said Parish Trustees shall be empowered to take such Proof as they shall think needfary for ascertaining the Number of Ploughgates or Subdivisions of Ploughgates in the Parish,) and they shall further be empowered, at the annual Parish Meetings, to make such Alterations upon their Lifts as miy be necessary in consequence of the dividing of I roperties or Farms, or of the Improvement and Cultivation of Lands, or or any other causes, and to take the necessary Proof as above provided for lo doing; and whoever shall think themselves aggrieved by the Lifts so made up or altered by the Parish Trustees, or by any Part of their Proceedings relative thereto, may complain to the next annual Ward Meeting, giving Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Parish of such Appeal, and the Matter thereof; and the Ward Meeting shall detuininc the fame; and from which there shall be no Appeal.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Parish Trustees neglect to make up the Lifts of Ploughgates, as above provided, or if there is reason to believe or suspect that they have been made up in an improper or inadequate Manner, it shall be lawful for the Trustees at any annual Ward Meeting to appoint a Committee of Two or more of the Trustees within the Ward, with all Powers necessary, and which Committee shall be authorized to make up such Lift, where the fame has been neglected; to examine Lifts made up; and if the same are improper, or not suitable to the Amount, Condition, and Circumstances of the Land in the Parish, to make a Report thereof to the next annual Ward Meeting, which shall accordingly rectify the Lift complained of, and appoint such rectified Lift to be obstrved as the proper Lift till legally altered in Time to come: And whoever shall think themselves aggrieved by the Proceedings or

Report

47° GEORGII III. SeflT. 2. Cty.4{. 821

Report of the Committee af >resaid, or the Procedure of the Ward Meeting thereupon, may complain to the Meeting of the Justices of the Perce and Commissioners of Supply, held at Lanark in the Month of April yearly, when the Land Tax is laid on, giving Fourteen Diys Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Ward Meeting of f irh Appeal, and the Matter thereof; and the Laid Meeting shall determine the lame; and from which there shall be no Appeal.

XX. And be it further enacted, That a'l Heritor'; who are in the ww Ptr'on* actual Possession of their own Lands, (under which Description are included Grass Grounds let without Liberty of Tillage for a Term not ex- bour, cetding Three Years) and all lenants and Possessors of Land throughout the County of Lanark, shall be liable, in Name of Statute Services, to farnish for each Ploughgate of Land ascertained as above directed. Six Days Labour annually, of Two able Men, Two able Horses, and Two proper Carts; or in the Option of the Pirish Trustees they shall in lieu of rhefe Services pay such a Conversion Assefftnent in Money as the said Services could be procured for within the Lid Parish; and the said Rate shall be ascertained and fixed by the Parish Trustees at the respective Parish Meeting, proper Evidence for that Purpose being adduced before them by the Clerk of the Meeting; and the said Trustees upon Confederation of such Evidence shall declare what is then the Rate of such Labour within the Parish, and the Clerk shall enter the fame in the Minutes of the Meeting; and the same shall be levied upon each Ploughgate or SuHdivision of a Ploughgate of Land, andfo in pr iportion for a larger or smaller Quantity of Land: Provided always, that no Possessor or Occupier of Land, however small the Quantity, shall be afiTetfed at a Rate lower than that of a Hnufeholder; and whoever shall think themselves aggrieved by the Proceedings of the Trustees at the annual Parish Meeting, in fixing an- declaring the Rate of Labour as above provided, may appeal to the next annual Ward Meeting, giving Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Parish Meeting of such Appeal, and the Matter thereof; and the said Ward Meeting shall determine the lame; and from which there shall be no Appeal.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whatsoever within K«p-rjof the said County of Lanark who shall keep a H >rfe or Horles, in Hoifeinot which are included Carriage Horses uled by them, or by others with Linrs'i'iabie their Permission, for any other Purposes than those of Husbandry, shall in Three be liable to furnish Three Days Labour of a Man, a Horse, and a Cart, iPu^.nnu-Uy for each Hoise, as Statute Services upon the said Roads yearly; or in forea^h the Option of the Trustees of each Parish in a convenient Assessment for Horse* each Horie or Horses so kept by them, the Amount of which shall be ascertained by the Trustees at the Parish Meetings as is above directed with regard to the Rate of Conversion upon Occupiers of Land; Persons conceiving themselves aggrieved having also the fame Remedy by Appeal as above provided; and the Rate and x\m- unt so fixed shall be the Rate throughout the said Parish for the ensuing Year's; but it the said Persons so alfe.'.ed are liable also for Services or Conversion Money in respect of - ,

Lands polTdfed by them, they shall not be rated Twice, but shall have x-rr-tlon-Deduction for such of their said Horses as shall appear to the Parish Trustees to be necessary for labouring the said Lands: Provided always, that for all Iiorles employed under Ground, in Collieries, no [Lee. {s? Per.] g T Labour

821

Coturers for.

being H »i(e-holilers, 1 o be liable in Two or I' our Days Labour.

Ixem_t!on f'o n ltaute Labour.

R«>« of Co-i-rerfion to he levied from the House holders n Cla%ow.

Left I abour

or C u vtrfioii may be exacted.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 45.

Labour or Conversion Money shall b; exigible, but that the Proprietors, or Keeper* Hull in respedi of such Horses be totally exempted therefrom.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Cottagers, Labourers, Co.liers. Miners, Nailors, Salters, Manufacturers, Mechanics, Trades-men. Journeymen, and all Workmen whatsoever, at any putilick Work or Manufactory, or eifevrhere within the said Coun y, being however Householders of the Age of Eighteen Years and upwards, and not liable as aforesaid as Occupiers of Land, or Keepers of Hories, shall be liable foi not fewer than Two nor more than Four Days Labour annually each Person, instead of the Six Days Labour yearly formerly required by ihe Statutes; or in the Option of the Parish Trustees in a Conversion in Money for the said Days Labour; and the Amount and the Race of the said Days Labour shall be ascertained by the Trustees at the Parish Meetings, as is above directed with regard to the Rate of Conversion upon Occupiers of Land and Keepers or Horses; but all established Clergymen and Schoolmasters, unless they are Occupiers of Land as Heiitors or Tenants, or are Keepers of Horses as aforesaid, as also ail Apprentices who receive no Wages, and Farm Servants hired by the Yeai, or Half Year, shall be exempted from Payment of the Assessment aforesaid; and it shall further be lawful for the Parish Trustees to free or exempt from all or any Part of the said C mversion Money all such Persons as shall appear to be in indigent Circumstances, or who are from other causes unable to perform the Work or pay the said Assessment: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That discharged Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines, are not on account of their Services, or in virtue of any Privileges conterred on them, entitled to any Exemption whatever, according to the Terms of this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Conversion authorized to be levied Annually, in pursuance of this Adf, from each Househoider, not otherwise liable in Terms of this Act, as a reasonable Allowance instead of thr Services of S'x Days Labour Yearly, formerly required by Law, shall within the Royalty of the City of Glofgov); be exacted and levied according to the following Rates and Proportions,; that is to say, each Househoider, the yearly Rent of whose House is under Five Pounds Sterling, (had pay the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling Yearly; each Househoider, the yearly Rent of whose House is |Five Pounds or upwards, but under Ten Pounds Sterling, shall pay the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and each Househoider, the yearly Rent of whose House is Ten Pounds Sterling or upwards, shall pay the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling Yearly; which Rents shall be ascertained from the Books kept by the Government Surveyor in the said City.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Trustees in any Parish shall at any Time be of Opinion that the Roads in the said Parish are in a complete State of Repair, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to exact and require such lesser Number of Days Labour, or Conversion Money in lieu thereof, from those liable in the fame, as the said Trustees may judge sufficient for keeping the said Roads in constant good Repair; and provided always, that the Debt contracted by such Parish shall have been previously discharged.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 45. 823

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all those who shall be called out by the faio 1 ruflees at their Patish Meetings to perform Statute Ser- tJj;ei 0... to vices in respect of their Occupation f L ind, shall far tlh for Six whole w 1 th^tiper-Days Yearly, Two able Men, with Two able Horses, and Two proper "ice*rete?

Cart*, with all nectflary Implements of Labour, f r each Ptoughgate of Land ascertained as above provide !, ami so in proporti n as near as can be fixed for a greater or smaller Parcel or Quantity of Land; and the said Drivers, Horses, Carts, and Implements, shall be in good and sufficient Order; and these, together with all other Drivers, Horses, and Carts, liable as aforesaid to perform Sta ute Service in Terms of this Act shall, when ordered, continue faithfully at w <rk to the Satisfaction of the Qveifeers, or others duly appointed, Fight Hours at least each Day, in One or more Yolk:ngs; and each Carr shall at every Loading carry Ten hundred Weight at least of Mat'-ria's lor repairing the said Roads; ana all Persons who by virtue of this Act are called out personally to perform Statute Services shall appear punctually when requ:red by the Overseers, either determined by themselves, or by fit Persons employed and paid by them, furnished with necessary Implements for !o doing, and shall work to the Satisfaction of the said Overseers Ten Hours at least each Day: Provided always, that each Day’s Work which shall not be performed to the Satisfaction of the Overseers, or others appointed, whether by Horses, Carts, and Drivers, or Labourers, shall be held as not performed at all; and those failing shall continue liable to complete their Statute Services, or to pay the proportional Conversion thereof, besides the Penalties for Non-performance or Non-payment, at it they had retufed to perform altogether in the Manner herein-after enacted; provided also, that all Persons 1 ab'e to perform Statute Services in Terms of this Act shall be called out at any Time or Season the said Trustees shall judge most convenient, Seed Time and Harvefl being always excepted; nor shall any one be obliged to perform Statute Work on any Road or Place to a greater Distance than Four measured Miles from their Place of Residence; and where the said Statute Services have been converted into a 'umof Money the said yearly AfiefT-rnent shall be paid by those liable in the same to the Collector of the Parish, on or before the Fourteenth Day of February Yearly for the current Year; pre ious Notice having always been given of the Time and Place of Payment by the said Collector, either personally, or by leaving the Tame in Writing at the Dwelling Place of each Person, or by Advertisement at the Parish Church on a Sunday, Ten Days at least prior to the Day of Payment.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons liable, who shall neglect or refuse to perform the Statute Services when required, or where tholt have been converted, shall neglect or refuse to make Payment of the Conversion Assessment when demanded, as above enacted, shall be fub-jested in double the Sum at which the said Services shall or might be converted; and the whole of such increased Conversions or PenaLies shall be levied in virtue of a Warrant under the Hand of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, who are hereby required to grant the fame, proceeding upon the Oath of the Collector or Overseer of the Parish,

bearing, that the Defaulters have not performed the Statute Work, or have not paid the Conversion Money; and such Warrants shall contain Authority for poinding the Defaulter’s Effects; and the Officer to whom

the

Penalty on Persons lectinp io pr< frm Struts Woik, &t.

824

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 45.

the fame shall be directed shall forthwith poind the readiest Goods and Fffefls or the 1 lefaulte’-; and Three Days thereafter shall le 1 the fame by ptibiirk Roup, at the Market Town or Villagenex to the Place where such Diligence was used for P-yme. t of the Sums c >ntain«J in the Warrant, and the 1 xpence of Execution, rendering the Overplus to the Owner on Denian; and no Sft, Suspension, Complaint, Appeal, or Action, shall flay Payment of the Conversion AfTcifment or Execution as afresaid for recovering the fame: Provided always, tha in ca'e the fad Collectors ot Overfetrs shall, upon a C omplaint to T>vo Justices for the said County, 1 e found to have wilfully made a false Charge or Accuhtion, and upon w ich the said Warrant or Distress as aforesaid has proceeded, the said Justices shall award Damages to ireble the Value, with Costs, to be paid by such Offender to the Person aggrieved.

C'ontenRoiij incre-f d Com" (ion for Default, etc way n certain CalfS be re ov. red by rrttt-ment, etc.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where Persons earning Wages, whether hired and employed by the Year, or for a longer or shorter Period, and whether they are in th: Employment and Service of private Individuals, or are engaged and employed at Coal Works, Mines, Furnaces, Bleach Fields, Print Fields, Cotton Mills, or other Works or Manufactories, have failed or neglected to pay the Conversion Money to which they are personally liable, it shall be lawful for One or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon Application, confirmed by Oath of the Collector of the Parish where such Defaulters reside, to grant Warrants, and all such Justices are required to grant the fame, containing Authority to arrest the said Defaulter's Debts or Wages in the Hands of the Individuals by whom the said Debts or Wages are due and payable, or in the Hands of the Preprietors, Lessees, or Managers of the A orks or Manufactories aforesaid; and the said Collector shall be a thorized to pursue and make the fame forth ming, in Sa isfaction of the Conversion Assessment due, Penalty, or increased AfTcflinent for Defau't, with the Expences of recovering the fame; such Individuals, Proprietors, Lessees, or Managers, being authorized to retain end deduct the said Sums from the Debts or Wages due or payable by them, to the Defaulters as aforesaid.

aeguhtion

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees in each Parish fer p rtc virp throughout the said County of Lanark shall complete the making or Re- the Road», qJ. fucjj Roads as require and are appointed to be made or repaired in

their respective Parishes, on or before the first Day of September yearly; and if the TrufEes in any Parish shall neglect to make the said Roads, or repair the fame, on ot before the Time specified, they shall forfeit the Ri hr to the Statute Labour or Conversion Money intended for thefePurposes, and the Grant thereof shall accordingly become null and void; and it shall not be lawful for any Individual whatsoever to repair the Roads in any Parish, even at his own Expence, either prior or subsequent to the said First Day of September yearly, unless he has obtained leave from the Parish Trustees, who are empowered to superintend and direct the said Repairs, and to flop the fame if improperly conduced: Provided always, that Parish Trustees may at all Times and Seafons, order Holes or Ruts to be filled up, or such Repairs to be made as may be necessary to render such Roadspaflable, and a sufficient Access and Accommodation to the Publick; and the Overseers of Paiiflies (after having obtained a Warrant for so do-

9 inS

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 45. 825

doing, under the Hand of Two Tru flees in the Parish), are authorized to take out of any Lands that shall appear to them most proper and convenient, (except from Gardens, Orchards, Nurs lies. Plantations, Lawns, or Pkafure Grounds), Stones, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials, for making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the said County; and the said Overseers shall provide proprr Places adjacent to the said Roads for depoficing these Materials j Notice being always given to the Proprietors before such Materials are taken away, and Satisfaction being likewise made to the Owner or Occupier of the Grounds from which tuch Materials are taken, or upon which they are laid, for the Surface, and other Damages thereby occasioned, the Amount of which shall be ascertained before Two Juiiices of the Peace as herein-iafter directed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall leave Carts or No Pwfon, other Carriages, without sufficient Cause or longer than necessary to load ,ai,v to ter unload the fame, or (with the Exception of Materials for repairing the Obitniiiion*. said Roads, and that under the Authority and with the express Approba- ya;o,',^Uon tion of One or more Trustees) shall lay, or cause to be laid, any Timber, on or rear Stone, Lime, Dung, Compost, Soil, Rubbish, or other Nuisance, or lhe RoaJi‘ Matter whatsoever, on or (unless within a sufficient Fence) nearer than Five Yards to the Side of the said Roads (except Materials for building Houses, and inclosing Grounds, no Part however of which shall be laid on the Road, or into the Ditches or Drains along the Side thereof); and all Persons so offending, and convicted thereof before One or more Juiiices of the Peace for the said County, upon the Oath of One or more Witnesses, shall forfeit a Sum for each Offence, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling j to be recovered in the fame Way as the Conversion Money for Labour as above directed, One Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied in making and repairing the Roads within the Parish; and no Person, under the Forfeiture and Penalty aforesaid, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid, shall make, erect, or construct gny Sawpits, Tanpits, Lintponds, Limekilns, Brickkilns, Cinderkilns, Furnace«, or o;her Nuisances, within Eight Yards from the Centre of the said Roads, besides being obliged immediately to remove the fame; and in rale it shall not appear who. laid down the said Timber, Stone, Lime,

Dung, Compost, Soil, or other Matter, or made, erected, or constructed the said Pits or other Things above mentioned, the Possessors or Occupiers of the Grounds upon which the same shall be laid down or made, or the Possessars or Occupiers of the Grounds next adjacent to the Place on which the said Matters shall be found or made, shall be held to be the Layers down or Makers thereof, and become liable accordingly.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall haul or draw Noperfou, upon any Part of the Roads any Tree, Log, Piece of Timber, Stone, or "1<Jer aop' any other Thing whatsoever, but such Things shall be conveyed upon a or dras any" Wheel Carriage; nor shall any Person suffer any Tree, Log, Piece of Timber, Stone, or other Thing, which is conveyed upon a Wheel Car- turn »iMou4h, tiage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Injury thereof; ° p-uture nor shall any Person turn a Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or failure Hori’es or Cattle of any Kind on the Sides thereof; and all Logs of Timber exceeding Twenty-four Feet in Length shall becarried on Four Wheels, or on a double Carriage; and whoever shall be convicted before any One or more Justices or the Peace of the said County, upon

826

cr make a Cut across them.

House or other Building to be erc&ed within 20 Peer of the Centre of the Road.

Trustee* to snake 1‘oot-laths &c.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 45.

the Oath of One or more Witnesses, of any of the Offences aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and applied in Manner before directed; and no Person shall make any new Cut or Opening across any Part of the said Roads for the Purpose of directing any Water-course, or otherwise, with-out the Authority of Two or more Trustees of the Parish previously obtained in Writing; and whoever shall be convicted as aforesaid of such Offence iiiall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as above directed, besides being obliged to rellore the Road so injured to its former State; which ialt PiefUtion the Possessor or Occupier of the Ground adjacent shall be liable to fulfil, in case the real Offender is not discovered within Three Months after a Notification and Requisition made to such Possessor by any Two Trustees, of the Offence committed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall make or erect any House, or other Building, excepting only Stone Fences or Walls, not exceeding Six Feet in Height, within Twenty Feet of the Centre of any of the said Roads; and any Person so offending shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as above directed; and the Persons so offending shall also be obliged, when ordered to do so by any Two or more Trustees, immediately to remove every such House or other Building; and upon their failing to do so within Thirty Days from the Time that a Notification in Writing has been given by any Two Trustees of the Encroachment, it shall be lawful for the Parish Trustees to order the said Buildings to be removed, and to charge Offenders with the F.xpence of doing so, to be recovered in the same Manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties, as above dtredfed,

XXXir. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at their Parish Meetings shall have Power to cause Footpaths to be made along the Sides of the fair! Roads, where and of such Breadth as they shall think fit, which Fcotpaths are to be taken off the Breadth of the Roads and if any Person shall wilfully break up, injure, or destroy, or ride, or drive Horses, Cattle, or Carriage', upon such Footpaths, and shall be convicted thereof before One or more Justices of the Peace, upon the Oath of One or more Witnesses, such Person shall, over and above the Expence of repairing the Damage done, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be applied the one Half to the Informer, and the other Half in making and repairing the Roads within the Parish; and the said Trustees are authorized to order, where they shall think it necessary, Outlets or Passages for the Water, from the Ditches or Drains on the Side of the Roads, to be made through the Ground of any adjacent Proprietor, and to make'besides, sufficient Drains or Ditches parallel with the said Roads; and the Possessor of such Grounds shall be obliged thereafter to keep the said Passages, Drains, and Ditches, clear and open; and where a Drain or Ditch runs along the Side of the said Roads the Occupiers of the adjacent Grounds shall keep the fame clear and open, so as to allow a free Passage for the Water; and if the said Occupiers of Lands fail to do as above directed, any Two Trustees are empowered to order the said Passages, Drains, or Ditches, to be cleared from Time to Time as may be needful, and to recover the Expences thereof (to be ascercained by the Account of the Overseer, or other Person employed to do the fame) from

827

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 45.

the Occupiers or Possessors of such adjacent Grounds, in the same Manner as the Conversion for Statute Labour is herein directed to be recovered.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where Hedges or Branches of Trees hang over the Road, so as to annoy or obstruci the free Passage, or to iujure the Road, the*Poffaffor shall, at a proper Season of the Year, cut and dress up inch Hedges to the Height of Five Feet, and lop off such Branches of Trees as prove a Nuilance to the Road; and if such Possessors fail to dofo when required by the Overseer, any Two Trustees may appoint Persons to cut or lop such Hedges or Branches at such proper Season, at the Expence of the said Possessors, to be recovered in the same Manner as Conversion Money; and the said Possessor shall be obliged to carry w hat Brushwood or Branches are so cut or lopped off the Road, and out of the Drains or Ditches, withrn Three Days after being cut or lopped, or else to forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties above directed, besides the Expence of removing the said Brushwood or Branches.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Parish Trustees mav at their Meetings cause the Roads to be measured, and Mde fton.es or Posts erected thereon; and if any Person draft wilfully break, destroy, damage, deface, pull up, or remove such Mile-stones or Posts, such Persons so offending, upon being convicted thereof before any One or more Justices of Peace for the said County, upon the Oath of One or more Witnesses, shall, over and above the Expence of repairing the Damage done, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every Stone or Poll so broken, destroyed, damaged, defaced, pufed up, or removed; the said Sum to be applied, One Half to the Informer, the other Half in making and repairing the Roads within the Pari ih in which the said Mile-stones or Posts were placed; and that whoever shall wilfully throw down, destroy, or damage any of the Bridges upon the said Roads, or the Ledges or Parapet Walls, or other Parts thereof, and shall be convicted cf so doing, before any One or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon the Oath of One or more Witnesses, shall, besides continuing liable ro aft the Pains and Penalties, to which by Law they may be otherwise subjt&ed, and besides being liable for the expence of repairing the Damage di ne, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties above directed; and such Forfeitures shall be applied, the One Half to the Informer, the other Half in repairing the Roads and Bridges within the Parish where the said Damage has been done; and in case the Person so offending and convicted in any of the Cases aforesaid shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels from which such Forfeitures and Expences may be levied, it fnaft be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Warrant under their Hands, to commit such Offenders to any of the Common Goals of the County, there to remain for a Space not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of the Penalty and Expences aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Parish Trustees shall further be empowered to straighten and to widen any of the said Roads within the Parish, to a Breadth not exceeding Thirty Fee.', exclusive of the Ditches or Drains on each Side thereof; but it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to commence or take any Steps in the widening or

rf Heightening

Hedge? or T«c-s injuring the Roads to b? lapped and pruned.

Mi'eftanes may he crofted, which arc not to nc be*

ft roved or injured und?r a Penalty.

B'idgesnoon the said Roadi not to !>e injured, under a Penalty,

Roads may le straighten. etl ana widened, and Fen. Ms and Kon. f s removed for that pjr. poie. Scc.

S28 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 45.

straightening of such Road till the proposed Operations have been dated determined by them, in Writing, to the Annual Ward Meeting, or adjourned Ward Meeting, and have received its Approbation; due Notice being always given of such intended Application, by Advertisement at the Parish Church or Churches, Two Sundays before such Meeting; and if any one having Interest shall object to the proposed widening or straightening of the said Roads the Ward Meeting shall decide on the Points brought under their Review; and if no Objections are dated, or if the Ward Meeting approves of the proposed widening or heightening of the said Roads, the said Parish Trustees shall be empowered to remove Fences and Houses the Side Walls of which do not exceed Twelve Feet in Height, as well as all other Obstructions; Six Months Notice being always given to the Proprietor or PolTelTors of Houses where the same are to be removed; but Compensation shall be made to the Owner of such Houses for the Value of the Buildings j and no Fences shall be removed, or Ground taken Pol. (Son of, in order to (traighten or widen such Roads above Twenty Feet, exclusive of Ditches and Side Drains, till actual Payment made of the Compensation for such Fences or Ground to the Owners or Tenants, or others having Interest therein; and the said Compensation for Houses, Fences, and Ground taken in order to (traighten or widen the said Roads above Twenty Feet as aforesaid, shall be ascertained in the Manner herein-after directed.

Inconvenient

XXXVL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Kuads may Trustees in any Parish, or for any Heritor or other Person within the said an^uWeft County, conceiving themselves interested therein, to apply by Petition to Roads (hut up. the annual Ward Meeting of Trustees, to have the Diiection of difficult or inconvenient Roads altered, and superfluous or useless Roads (hut up; Proceiurrre- aild the said Ward Meeting shall thereupon name a Committee of at lealt irrtiveto such Three Trustees, one of whom shall be a Justice of the Peace for the said epetatiom. County, to inspect such Roads, and report their Opinion of what is proposed to a subsequent Ward Meeting; and the Committee shall order the said Petition to be intimated One Calendar Month before the Meeting of such Committee, for Inspession of the Proprietors of the Grounds through which the Roads arepropoFd to be carred, eitrer petfonally, or at their Dwelling Places, if they rdide within the said County, or otherwise to the Possessors otihe ia. . Grounds, and by Advertisement upon the Church Doors of the Parishes in which the said Grounds fie, upon a Sunday, Ten Days at least b-ff'e fuel) Meeting and upon Report made by the Coma mittee to the W,rd ftieeiing the y shall hear all Parties interested, and are empowered to order the Direction of such Roads to be altered and changed and such (uperfluous Roads to be (hut up, providing that nothing herein contained shall be construed to confer on the said Trustees a Power to alter the Course, or (hut up any Turnpike Rofo j and no such new Road shall be carried through any Lawn, Avenue, Garden, Orchard, Nursery, or Pleal'ure Ground adjoining to any Marfion house, without the Coni'ent of the Owners or Proprietors of the fane-, and tire said Committee of Trustees shall oversee and fix the Line of Direction for the new or varied Road as approved by the Ward Meeting, nd shall set off the Groupd ne* ceflary for the fame, being a Space not lowever Ids than Twenty Feet, nor more than Thirty beet In Breadth, exclusive of Ditcijes and Sfde Drains: Provided always that any Person thinking himself aggrieved by theftopping up of such superliuous Roads, shall and may appeal against the same in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 45. 829

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to contract and agree with all Bodies or Ground. Politick or Corporate, and all Persons holding Lands under Entail, or subject to Life Rents, or other Incumbrances, with Tutors, Curators,

Trustees, and every other Person though under legal Disability; and all such Persons are hereby empowered and required to contract and agree with the Trustees, and to fell, le-, and convey to them, all such Lands,

Houset, or other Premises, as shall be r.eceflary for repaiiing, altering, or widening the said Roads.

XXXV1IT. And be it enacted, That in taking Possession of the OnDifagree-Ground necessary for repairing, altering, or widening the said Roads or Q*r'*e"an{'lie other Purpose of this Act, or if in removing any House, Fence, or other value tobe Impediment, the respective Owners or Occupiers of lueh Lands, Houses, " je"ainsd l,y or other Impediments, shall not come to a voluntary Agreement with the Trustees for the Value thereof, or for the Damage ludained by, and the Recompence to be mide to such Owners or Occupiers, it shall be lawful for either Party to apply to the Sheriff depute or Sheriff fubditute of the County of Lanark, who shall be empowered to determine the fame, with all Cods that may arise therefrom; and the said Sheriff depute or Sheriff fubditute shall summon a Jury to confid of not fewer than Twelve qualified Persons, to enquire into the Value of such Ground, Houses, or other Impediments, into the Damage fudained by the Proprietors, and into the Recompence to be made by the Trustees for such Damage; and the Jury being sworn and impannelled shall return a Verdict upon the Matters submitted to their Enquiry and Judgement, which shall be final; and the said Sheriff depute or fubditute shall adjudge the Value and Recompence thereby awarded to be paid to the Person or Persons having Rlghc thereto; and upon the Sum awarded being paid by the Trustees to the Person or Persons to whom they have been so adjudged, or in case of his, her, or their refusing to accept, upon being consigned in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or in the Hands of the Manager of any Branch of either of the said Banks kept within the County of Lanark, the Trustees shall have Right to remove the Owners or Occupiers of such Ground, Houses, or other Premises, to enter into the Possession and Use thereof for the Purposes aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if such Owners or Occupiers had executed regular Dispositions of the fame, and Infeftment had followed in favour of the Trustees; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff’depute or his Substitute, diall be final, and not removable or quessionable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suspenfian to or by any other Court whatsoever, any Law or Usageto the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always and be it er.acted, That in the Event of such Kxi>?nc* of Jury awarding a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have offeied, >r; .> «hom but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupier', shall have b= paid’ required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case the Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required or any greater Sum, the whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trust es; and on the other Hand if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a ieL Sum, the Whole of the said Expences shall be paid by the said Owner [Lee. & Per. J 10 A or

$3°

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 45.

or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence be prevented from treating with the Hid Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and pa d by the said Trustees; and provided also, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers or any Lands or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into or upon such Lands or Houses for the Purposes of this Act, and no flop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees on Pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid: and in case any Person interested shall apply for and obtain from any Judge comp trnt, a Warrant for flopping the Execution of any of the Purposes to be carried on under the Authority of this Act, the said Judge shall be and is hereby empowered and directed to recall such Warrant, or remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the Trustees therein named for the Amount of such Damages as may ultimately be awarded to the Person suing for the lame, and ascertained in Manner herein-before prescribed.

aMe"to Pef-

XL. And be it enacted, That whatever Money shall be paid by Agree-

f,ni under ment, or by Award as aforesaid, for Lands, Tenements, Houses, or

ubin.yt'l'^w ot^er Subjects so taken or used by the Trustees, which were held under ro b; aiipcfed Entail, or subject to Life Rent Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or b longing to sny Corporation, martied Woman, Minor, Lunatick, Idior, or other Person under legal Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in case i the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, {had be under the 1 Authority and Direction of the Court- of Session, and shall, without Delay be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or such other Bank as the Court shall direct, upon the highest interest that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation and by the Authority of the said Court, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or affecting other Lands or Houses belonging ro the fame Persons, and settled to the fame or like Uses, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when such Money cannot be applied to these or like Purposes, then the same shall be laid out in the Purchase or on the Security of other Lands, Houses, and Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof shall be devised to the same Person or Persons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Series of Heirs, for the same Uses and Purposes, and under the fame Provisions, Conditions, and Li-mi ations, as the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, were devised and settled, or such of them as shall be then existing and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, until such Purchase < r Security can be effected, the In croft of such Money shall be paid, by Authority of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who for the Time would have been entitled to the Hems and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Subjects so taken and used by the Trustees.

cf.

If less than zoo\ ami am.Vv *ol.

XLI. And be it enacted, That if such Money be Id's than Two hundred Pounds, but shall e ceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then at the Option of the Person or Persons who far the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects

conveyed

831

47° GEORGII III. SeC 2. Cap. 45.

conveyed to or taken by the Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, in Cases of Minority, Lunacy, or Trust, to be paid into one or other of the said Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before-directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more Trustees under this Act, in order that such Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner before disredted, so far as the Circutnstances of the Cafe Hull make it practicable.

XLII. And be it enacted, That where such Money Hull be less than jf ]ers than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the same shall be applied to the Use of *ol. the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects so taken and conveyed for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Trustees or any Two or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Trust to his or their Trustees, or in case of Minority, or Lunacy to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons in ofeofnot to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase xH-s^jc'cf of any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premires to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, be not known or discovered, then and in every such C. ife it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands,

Houses, or other Subjects j describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Par thereof by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court thall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and ir.vested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ellate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Pretnifes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such '-uni or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and spec fying for what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons r.s shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

r r

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Oueftlon shall arise where any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be"pa;d into the said Q.J-i;ion thah

1 1 , ante touching

Bank the Jtig to

tucii Money,

S3-2 47° GEORG 11 HI. ScfT. 2. Cap. 45.

Bank in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses or other Subjects, or ofanyErtate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in the Possession of such Lands, Houses, and other Subjects, at the lime of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, according to such Possession, until the contrary (halt be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless i: shall be made appear to the said Court that Inch Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that Tome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or to Tome Estate or Interest therein.

The court

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by iMfonaWe reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor-Expencesuf poration, entitled to any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects to be pur-he rC!'d !>to chafed un *er the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money fur the lame TruiUe*/ shall be required to be paid into the Lid Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Houses, or ether Subjects, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Prr.hafes from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reason able, together with thcncceiury Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, t > be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums o; Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

old Roads

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the majrbtfoM. Course of the said Roads shall be altered as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered as loon as the said new Roads shall be completed and made pa liable and convenient for Carriages, to fell the Ground which constituted the old or former Roan to such Person or Persons as (hr 11 be willing to become Purchasers thereof, for the bell Price that can be reasonably had or got for the fame, but the Person through -.vhofe Grounds the old Road paifd shall be preferable to all others, if he be inclined to make the Purchase, and shall give Notice to the Clerk of the Trustees that he claims fuel) Preference, at any Time before the new Road is completed, and shall at the same Time make Oiler of such Price as he is willing to give for theold Hoad, and if the Trustees do not think proper to accept that Offer, the Price to be paid by him shall be determined by a Jury, and the Expence defrayed in the Manner above directed; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; and the Sale and Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of such Lands and Grounds comprised in the said old Road being executed by the said Truffle; s shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case any Person through whole Grounds the old Jtoad shall pass shall not agree or fftall refuse to purchase inch old Road it shall be lawful for any Person not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before any One of Elis Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, dating

47° GEORGII III. Sett 2. Cap. 45. 833

(hat such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Tiufteec, and that fnc Perl i has it agreed or has refused to pu chafe such old or former Road, as f _ Cafe may he; and such Affidavit shall in ali Courts whaffeever be furtic'e'it Evidence and l’roofthat such Oder was made and not agreee to or refused by such Person.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Amount of the Compen- Rul?« of pro. fation to be in.de to any Person or Persons for the Damage fuitained in consequence or the Powers granted by this Act, (except as to Itraight- not f.wcuiiy ening ami widening the Roads, and as to altering and ihutiing up the fame, £VI<ie‘1 for' as above-nuntioned) shall be ascertained and determined by a Sentence of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County; and whoever shall think them/eives aggrieved by the Sentence or Judgement of the said Justices of the ’eace, upon any of the Mat ersor Things referred to their Determination, may appeal for Redress to the next General or adjourned Quarter Srflions of the Peace to be holden for the said County; which Appeal shall be lodged within Six Days after the Date of the Sentence complained of; and the Decision of such Justices at the Quarter Sessions shall be final, and from which there shall be no Appeal.

XLYUI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints 4ainn|jn,n for any oi the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, (Arrears of b. brought Cor.veifion Money, and Penalty thereon excepted) and for any Wrong or Injury done or fullered, in any Matter relative to or in consequence of any of the Powers given by this Act, shall unlef. where herein otherwise provided, be originally brought before Two or more Justices of the Peace iur the said County; and the said Actions or Complaints shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture has been incurred, Wrong done, o Injury suffered, and shall not alter that Period is elapsed be sustained; and whoever has incurred a Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act shall, over and above the said Penalty or Forfeiture, be liable for all Expences attending the Prosecution for the Offence in consequence of which the Penalty or Forfeiture has been incurred; and in all Cases where any one offending, and convicted, has not tulficient Goods and Chattels from which the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Expences may be levied, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace of the said County, by Warrant under their Hands, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain fur a Space of Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of the said Penalties, Forfeitures and Expences.

aI.IX. And be it further enacted, That the" Trustees of Parishes Conversion within the said County shall be empowered to apply such a Portion of the AfTcfrxtnt Conversion Assessment levied in the Parish as they shall judge fit and ex- Jdf/d^n bniid-peciem,: >r repairing and building Bridges within the said Parish; and re-

's here it happens that a Bridge either to be repaired or built isfo fuuated Sud^. as 10 unite separate Parishes, the Expence of the same shall be defrayed by ihe Ltd Parishi., in proportion always to the Amount of the Conversion A lie !:ment respectively levied therein: And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed so as to alter so much of Emftment of the Provisions of the Sixteenth Act of the Second Parliament of King ,66?' Charles the Second, intuuled, An Act for repairing Highways and Bridges 1 ’ as directs that the Sum of Ten Shillings Scots shall be levied upon each \J.k. fs-PfrJ] to B Hundred

834

Exnrnce of tfi Apih'w iu be paid.

Appal in in eafeot being aggrieved.

?ublick Act.

47° GEORGII III. SciT. 2. Cap. 45,

Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent poffdfed by Heritors within the said 0 numv, but the same shall continue to be at the Disposal of the annual Meeting of the Justices of the Peace and Ommissioners of Supply forihesaid County, held at Lanark in the Month of Ap il yearly, for the Ptu post of repairing Roads and repairing and building Bridges within the said County,

L. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of obtaining this Act shall be defrayed by the different Parishes of the said County j each Parish contributing its Share of the Sumfo required out of the first Year’s Conversion Affdfment, under the Authority of this Act; the said Share to be in proportion to the Amount of the said Conversion Affdfment to each Parish respectively; and in order to fix the said proportional Shares the Clerks of Parishes shall, as soon as the Amounc of the Conversion Assessment in the Parish is known and settled, transmit a Return of the same to the Clerk of Supply for the County, who shall forthwith strike the Proportion for each Parish; and upon his communicating the fame in "Writing to the Parish Clerks, they in conjunction with the Collectors, are authorized and required immediately to levy and pay to the Clerk of Supply the said Shares out of the first; and readiefl of the Conversion Affelfment imposed and levied by Authority of this Act,

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons flnll think themselves aggrieved by any Order of the Trustees, or by any Thing done in consequence of such Order, or by any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, every Person so aggrieved or injured, where no other Remedy is provided by this Act, may complain by a summary Petition to the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute, or to the Justices of the Pence assembled in their general Quarter Sessions for the said County of Lanark, and such Sheriffs and Justices are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all such Cases as shall be brought before them.

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahah, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Cap. 46.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton to Tibjhelf\ and a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Higham, in the same County, [1st August 1S07.I

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tw'enry-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton to Tiblhelf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Higham, in the same County: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue

of the said Act have made great Progress in making and repairing the said Roads, and have for that Purpose borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, with a considerable Arrear of Interest, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unlel’s the Term granted by the said Act be continued, and some of the Powers of the said Act altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty; that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s \Loc. fc? Per.] 10 C most

26 G. c 151.

Trufh-es have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act.

83S

Term enlarged.

New Trustees.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2, Cap. 46.

most Excellent Maj-’fty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, but fub-jtfl nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the Additional Term hereby granted shall be, and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Pjyment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit, or on account of the said recited Act; and also of fuel) other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said former Act, or of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Lord George Henry Cavendish, William Cavendish, John Balguy the younger, Bryan Thomas Balguy, Joseph Bradshaw Clerk, James Bowen Clerk, John Bower, Obadiab Boot, George Bownes, John Browne, William Brookjhaw, Richard Beres-ford, Edward Bramley, John Bryon, John Bowler, Jonathan Binchffe, Thomas Burton, William Booth, D'Ewes Coke the younger, William Coke, John Coke, John Mujlers Chaworth, John Chambers, Joseph Clarke, William Clay, John Carey, Thomas Dutton, John Dutton, Matthew Downing, Samuel Downing, William Downing, James Fletcher, Henry Fletcher, William Fletcher, William Goodall, George Goodwin, Sir Thomas Windsor Hunloke Baronet, James Hunloke, Francis Hurt, Francis Holmes, Ima-nuel Halton, John Crejfy Hale, James Hall, William Hunter Hunter, Charles Vicars Hunter, George Hopkinson, Richard Hill, William Hill, Robert Hill, Francis Hepworth, John Hunt of Toadhole, John Hunt of Wingfield Manor, George Hodgkinjon, William Harvey, Daniel Hopkin-Jon of Toadhole, Daniel Hopkinson of Heage, Samuel Hickton, William Hickfon, William Brooks Johnson, William Jessop, William Jessop the younger, John Innocent, William Kirkland, William Kemp, Peter Kendall, William Jeffery Lockett, George Lowe, Charles Lowe, John Lifter, Edward Miller Munday, Henry Cafe Morewood Clerk, John Muglifton, George Muglifton, Samuel Macbin, John Machin, Bakewell Machin, Henry Moore, David Mufhett, William Nuttall, Edmund Outram, Joseph Out-ram the younger, John Outram, Thomas Pearson, Jarvis Prince, John Parker, Christopher Rolleston, John Radford, Thomas Radford of High-am, Samuel Roberts, Benjamin Rickards, Samuel Radford, Thomas Radford of Ufton Fields, William Riley, Edward Sacheveral Sitwell, William Snowden, John Robert Sharpe, Robert Summers, Benjamine Smith the younger, Henry Stratford, Edward Sampson the younger, Samuel Sutton, John Sampson, William Sampson, Luke Sampson, John Spencer, William Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Siddall, William Saxton, George Saxton, William Turbutt the younger, Richard Burrow Turbutt, Clerk, Thomas Travis, John Topham, James Turton of Ripley, John Turton, William Tagg, Abraham Tagg, John Wilmot, John Eardley Wilmot, Thomas Webster Clerk, John Wood Clerk, John Slater Wilkinson, Robert Wood, William

Wilftn,

839

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 46.

Wilson, William Wat hey, John Wathey, John Wilson, Robert Wocd-ward, James Wragg, William Wilson the younger, George Wilson, Thomas William Williamjan, John Woolley, Daniel Woolley, James Woolley,

John Wooding, and George Watson, shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees for putting the said former Act, and this Act in Execution; and that the said Trustees hereby appointed, and their SuccrlTors, and other new Trustees to be appointed at some Medina: held in pursuance of the said recited Act, and of this Act, (of which Notice shall be inserteci in the Derby Mercury Twice, previous to i'uch Meeting,) being qualified, according to the Directions of the said former Act, together with the Trustees, appointed by or in pursuance of the said former Act, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to put the said former Act, and this present Act, in Execution.

III. And whereas the Tolls now authorized to be taken on the said Authorizing Road are found inefficient for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and of

this Act: Be it therefore enacted.That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- Additional tees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and Toll*, required to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, over and above the respective Tolls, by the said recited Act authorized to be taken one additional full Toll from all Persons who shall pal's with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, on a Sunday, through any Turnpike crested, Sunday or to be erected, on or by the Sides of the said Roads; (except Public Toll.

Stage Coaches and Fish Carts), and that it shall also be lawful for the said

Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, between the T hirty-first Day of October and the First Day of May, in every Winter Toll.

Year, (except on Sundays,) over and above the respective Tolls by the said recited Act authorized to be taken one further half Toll,

in addition to such respective Tolls, from all Persons who shall pass with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, through any Turnpike erected, or to

be erected, by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this present Act,

upon cr by the Sides of the said Roads; which said additional Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said recited Act, and this Act; and the same shall and may be demanded,

levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in the same Manner, and

to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the said recited Act is mentioned and declared, with respectto the Tolls

thereby granted: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to empower the said Trustees to receive or take Toll, in any One

Day, from any Person or Persons travelling upon the fame Roads, at more than One Gate between Alfreton and Heage, or at more than One Gate

between Alfreton and Higham, or at more than One Gate beeween Alfreton

and Tibfhelf.

IV. And whereas several of the Exemptions granted by the said recited General Act, have been found very detrimental to the said Roads, be it therefore Exemption*, enacted, That the said Exemptions shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, and that from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horles, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed

only

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 46.

only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads do lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Corn, Grain or Grift, carrying to or from any Corn Mill, being in any of the Hamlets, Townships, or Places through which the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall lead; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages returning unladen after having carried any such Corn, Grain or Grift, such Corn, Grain or Grift, being for private Use only, and not for Sale; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, Lime, or Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the said last mentioned Townships or Parishes; or for any Horses or Cattle going to, or returning frorti Pasture, or Watering Places; or going to be, or returning from being Ihoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiring any Tick Person, or upon other, his Parochial or Minilterial Ducy, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pofttruftei-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding, such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back, from conveying toe fame; or for any Hories, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafifes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Derby, or for the Borough of Derby, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions, by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every

$4*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 46.

such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Act, and this Act.

V. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall have, or beentided to N° £*-any Exemption from Toll, allowable by Law, on account of Waggons,

Carts, or other such Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels of the jn particular Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, or upwards, if the Fellies or Tire of such Cases Wheels shall deviate more than One Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, or if the Nails thereof shall not be so counterfunk, as not to rife above the Surface, any Thing in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, or in an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ‘An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into

One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating ‘ the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England,

and for other Purposes,’ which relates to the counter sinking of the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, and ether Carriages to be used on Turnpike Roads, and for explaining a Provison in the said Act with respect to the Fellies and Tire of Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Gauge of Six Inches or upwards,’ to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. And it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order all such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as are di-reded for the weighing of Carriages by the said Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign: And whereas it is expedient that the particular Exemptions allowed by the said recited A1j°'y'n? Ad, fliculd be continued: Be it therefore enacted, that no Toll shall empTion»*" be taken for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse,

Mule or Afs, which shall pass along the said Road only between the Lime Kiln, in the Lane leading from Alfreton to Pentridge, and the Lane leading from the Upper or North End of the said Town of Pentridge to Pentridge Common j and that no more than One Half of the T oils by the said Act and this Act granted, shall be taken at any Turnpike to be eroded by virtue of the said Act, or this Act, for any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Mule, A(s, or other Bead:, belonging to any Inhabitant of the said Town of Pentridge, for going or travelling from any Part of the said Town to the Town of Alfreton aforesaid; that no Toll shall be taken for any such Carriage, Horses, or Cattle belonging to any Inhabitant of the said Town of Pentridge, for going or travelling from any Part of the said Town of Pentridge, to the said Turnpike Road leading from Duffield to Chesterfield at lleage aforesaid; and that no Toll shall betaken for any such Carriage, Horses, or Cattle belonging to any Inhabitant of che laid Town of Pentridge, and which shall be going unladen for, or laden only with Coals for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Pentridge, or any of them; and not carried for Hire or Sale, and which shall go or travel no further along the said Road than on Pentridge Lane, and to some Part of the said Town of Pentridge.

[Loc, & Per.] 10 Q

8-42

Meelirgs on Emergencies.

No Order to be revoked

without Notice of Meetings.

Further

Fowers

granted.

/II Clauses, &c. in General Turns.ike Acts respect-ing Weighing Fngines to extend to this Act.

For letting Weighing Engines.

47° GEORGII III. Seff 2. Cap. 46.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary, that there shall be an earlier Day of Meeting than the Day appointed by such Adjournment} in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees, by an Order, in Writing, signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice, by Writing affixed on all the Toll-Gates then erected by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, or by Advertisenaent in l'ome Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood thereof, of the Time, Place, and Purpose, which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice,) and such earlier Meeting shall and maybe held accordingly} and all Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Trustees at any of their Meetings shall be revoked or altered, unicl's at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Notice shall be given by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, Ten Days at lead before such Meeting, signifying the Occasion of such Meeting,) nor unless a greater Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to revoke and alter the fame, and concur in the Revocation or Alteration thereof, than were present and made such Order.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any public Meeting, (if they shall think proper,) to order and cause to be built, upon any Parts of the said Roads, as to them shall fcem most eligible and expedient, a Crane Machine or Engine, with suitable Buildings thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages conveying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever} and, by Writing, signed by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every, or any such Carriage or Carriages, which shall come upon any Part of the said Roads, within the Distance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, (whether the same shall have passed through any Toll-Gate or Toll-Bar, or nor,) to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof a and that all Clauses, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said recited Act, of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, applicable to weighing Machines, shall, in all Cases extend to and operate upon all Cranes, Machines, and Engines whatsoever to be erected by virtue of this Act} any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at any Meeting, whereof Twenty-one Days’ Notice shall have been given, in Writing, affixed upon all the Toll-Gates or Turnpikes then eredfed by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, and inferred in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to let and demise, or agree to let and demise, either with or wichouc the Tolls by the said recited Act, and this Act, authorized to be taken, the Weighing Engines

843

47° GEORGII III. Stiff. 2. Cap. 46.

gines which rmv be creeled by virtue of the said recited Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act and the additional Tolls or Duties granted, and made payable chereat, for any Carriage which, with its Loading, shall weigh more than the Weight allowed by Law, provided that the said additional Tolls be let in the same Manner as the Tolls arising at the Toll-Gates or Turnpikes are, by the said recited Act, directed or prescribed to be let.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or old Mort-more of them, shall and may, (if they shall think it convenient,) call in may and cancel all or any of the present Mortgages now (landing out and becalledn:. made determined by virtue of the said former Act, and give and execute fresh Mortgage or Mortgages in lieu thereof respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- Po verto tees, or any Five or more of them, to order to be made causeways, makeCause-or Foot-paths, on the Side of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts ways* thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any such causeway or Foot-path, or shall drive any Horse, or other Cattle, or any Swine, or

any Cart, or other Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damages whatlo-ever to be done thereto, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and Penalty oa recovered in such and the same Manner as is directed for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the said recited Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Trustees sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of may sue and the said recited Act, and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be oftheiV"* brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, Clerk or

in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be difeon- Treas"rer. tinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer, for the Time being, to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be PlaintifLor Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

XIII. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Clerkor Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, Treasur" in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid ouc of the j°3bg^ai<J First Money, to arise by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, peaces" after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such

Colls, Charges, Damages, and Expences,- as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act Statuts as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour, on the said Roads, shall Work, be and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Persons, who by

Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be

47° GEORGII III. fiefs. 2. Cap. 46.

be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Derby, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trullees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, dr by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of Statute Work (halt every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parifires or Places in which the said Roads do lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as afore-i'aid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trullees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summoii the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place1, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the l'everal Persons, who within such Parish or Place are by Law subjected and liable to do Statute Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names Hull be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lilts the said Justices shall and may allor, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the famelhall be done at such Days, andarfuchTirr.es (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoinc; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trullees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Dfttrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattelsr'of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said reciced Ad authorized or dirtdled to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his* her, or their wfual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any* Surveyor of the said T ruflees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beall or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect, lor the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Tearn or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby

empow-

845

V

>4

*k

o*

c?i

i«ea

ti c I m sea tea Eftss a* loan R*«

«jk

acd'J

3K:

ico, i

, dirt; jess

rSas

jos

tw-'

jts*

tti>

®.>

a*

fl*

in*

r*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 46.

empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subjrft and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglecded or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been' lent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees; and applied towards amending the said Highways s and if any Surveyor of the Highways, for any of the said Parities or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or app1»-awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- cation of chafed, taken, or used, determined by virtue of the Powers of the said first recited ComPenfatioa Act, and this Act, for the Purpose thereof, which shall belong to any Cor- ^'ng^oo!. poration Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disabilirv or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Monty shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank, of England, in the Name, and with the Privity, of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons, who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in th; Purchase of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes t or where such Money shall net be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall "be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum reduced Bank Annuities; and, in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said consolidated, or reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of [£cr> (if Per.I 10 E the

846

Application where the Compensation does not exceed zcol. nor less than tol.

Application where the Money is left than 20I.

In case of not malting out Titles.

or if Persona cannot be found Par-thafe-Monejr to be paid into the Bath,

4*r° GEORGII III. Sfcff. 2. Cap. 46.

the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fb hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always; and be it further enacted, That if any Money fb agreed or awarded to be paid so'r any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to arty Corporation; or to any Person or Persons under Dtfabi-lity or Incapacity as aforesaid* shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then* and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased,taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified, in Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be plaetd to his Account as aforesaid in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option* to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (inch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and ap. proving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and che Dividends afifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required tt> obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Morey so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of tire Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Act, and this Act, shall refule to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Monc*y shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into che Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

(de-

47° GEORGII III. . Sess. 2. Cap. 46.. 847-

ftfrfcribing the m,) subject to the Order, Conrroul, and Disposition of w the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Ap- jh® court of plication of any Person or Persons, making Claim to such Sum or Sums chancery, oa of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is Motion or , hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as Petition, to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dirtfibution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuOh other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Calbiers of the Bankof£//£-land, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is, and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is-or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall Where any arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into Quezon the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Account-ant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for Title to8 ' she Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Moneytob* Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Pai(b lhe

to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act, and this Act, or to any Barik Annuities to be piirchafed with any such Money; or the Di- possession.11 vidends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Per- of the fons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, See.

or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claim- of such^ui^ Ing under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Per- chafe', &au" son or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully en- be deemed, titled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to ent>tle<l such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the thereto-said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly,

Unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any T,

Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, en- of Chancer titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under may orde/^ the Authority of the said recited Act, and this Act, the Purchase Money re»sonable for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and ^xPence,of to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- be paid by? ments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited the Truileei. Act, and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Pqrchales,from Time to Time to be

made in pursuance of the said Act, and this Act, or so much of such Expends as the said Court shall deem realonaole, to be paid by the said rruitees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received

*4*

For prying the Ezpencet of (bit Ail.

PnMick Ail.

Continuance of the Act.

4T GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 46.

ed by virtue of the said Act, and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said Act and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judiciary caken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXIII. And be it farther enacted, That the said recited Act (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and Ik in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Yearst and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

2 GEORGII III. REGIS,

au,

Sefl: 2.

Cap. 47

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth and Thirty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Br'tghthelmstone to Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex\ and for amending a certain Piece of Road to communicate therewith.

[1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening ,0 G. 3. the Roads leading from Brighthelmstone to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex: And whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, pflfjed in the Tenth 3, G- 3, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmston to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the Laid Acts have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due and cannot be repaid, northesaid Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And whereas the Road leading from the Bar Gate near Saint John’s Common in the Parish of Clayton, to Butler’s Green and Tyler’s Green in the Parish of Cuckfield, in the said County of Sufex, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for: \Loc. Per.-] 10 F Travellers,

850

N'» Branch cf R act to fee ipide.

47° GEORGII III. Sell 2. Cap. 47,

Travellers, and cannp: be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Covtrfe of-Law,-and it would be a great Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the fame were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said recited Ada and this Act: May it therefor® please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with tlfe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, anti 'J hings theteih contained, (except such Parts Thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this prclentAft, shall be put in Executiomfor and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as well for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the several Roads included in the said recited Acts, as for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Bar Gate near Saint John's Common in the Parish of Clayton, to Butler's Green and Tyler's Green in the Parish of Cuckjicld, as-dully and effectually in all respe&S, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, and the Clauses,.Powers, and Provisions therein respectively contained, were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and as if the said additional Road had been Part of the Roads-included in the said Acts; but subject nev.errhekfs to the Alterations and Amendments, herein contained, and which shall commence and tske Eficffc upon the passing of this/At; and that this Act, and tile Term and Powers hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become dye on the Credit of the said recited Act* and of this prefect Act, or any of them, an,d all Interest due and to becoifte clue for the fame respectivelyv

- 1 ju :» ' . ’ J* i L,_; 1) 7 . )

II. And be it-further enacted,. That Sin Charles Merrik Burrell Baroget, JValter Burnell, Charles Bethune Clerk, William Bryant, Charles WtlhanT Bryant, Arthur Brooke, Robert Chatjicld of Ditchcling, Thomas Pul--cher, Richard Hall of Crawley, William St. Pritchard Clerk, James. Cranboiirtie Strode, John ' Shakefpc-dtc,1 James Ward, and Samuel WallerT (being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act) shall he and are hereby added to;, and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees, appointed by or ip pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting-the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, and shall have the like Powers for that Purpose as If they had been named and appointed. Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either, of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That it fhathand may be lawful for the said 1 rustees, or any Five or more of them, or for such Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall employ for that Purpose, and they are; hereby fully authorized to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, in or through which the said Piece of Road is intended to pass, to set out, form, make, and complete the same, from the Bar Gate near Sainh'Jolm’s Common in the Earith of Clayton, to Butler’r Green and Jyhr’s Grr:n in the Parish of Cuckjicld, and to cut and make Inch Drains, Gutters, and Tunnels, for. draining the Lands adjoining or

1.2. near

4?p GEORGl I III. Sets.2. Cap. 47. 851

near such Road, as shall by them be thought ncceiTary or proper for draining the Water from such Road, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereby granted, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Persons interesttd in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for all Damages which shall be sustained by executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and in case any Difference concerning the same shall arise between the said Trustees and such Owners or Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, or at the Second General (Quarter Sessions of the Peace, there to settle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners or Proprietors and Persons interested, for the Damages they shall have sustained as aforesaid, which Determination shall be final:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower tire said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the Purposes of the said Road, or any of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building, or any Land or Ground set apart or used as a Garden, Orchard, Park, or planted Avenue to a House, without the Conl'ent of the Owner or Owners thereof.

IV. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been Fordi(ion-found insufficient for amending and keeping the said Roads in good Repair, and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Acts; be it there- !^d graneng fore further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September ne'v <-»*» One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Acts shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken, before any Horse,

Mare, Gelding, Mule, Al's, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar, or Side Gate, erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon and across the said Roads, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (that is to say).

Tor every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing in any Tolls.; Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Barouche, Curricle, lhaeton, or other such Carriage, or in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, employed in removing Goods for Hire from Place to Place, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage employed in Husbandry, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum ol l'wo-pence:

For every Drove'of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or iels Number:

And that Double the said respective Tolls shall be demanded and taken on DouMe Toil every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act. cn S-indaj*.

Which

8‘52 47° GEORGII HI. Seif. 2. Cap. 47.

\Vhich said rcfncftive Tolls or Duties shall be and aye Hereby declared t& be veiled in tile Trustees appointed or to be appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this present Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the said l olls at the respective Gates erected or to be erected across or near the said Roads; and they the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint for that Purpose, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for collecting, demanding, recovering, levying, assigning, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, as are in and by the said recited Acts or either of them, given and e ip relied with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made' payable, so that no such Advancement of the said Tolls or any- of them,' after the said Tolls or any of them shall hare been reduced, do exceed the Tolls hereby granted; but Twenty-one Days Notice thereof at lead shall be given upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then Handing upon the said Roads, previous to any such Alteration in the said Tolls p and that the said 'l olls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are in the said recited Acts and this Act directed and appointed in that Behalf.

Toils to be V. Provided always, and it is Iipreby further enacted and declared. Gates.1 lcve1"1 That all and every of the said Tolls and Duties, being paid at any One of of the said Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes, erected or to be erected by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, or this Act, on any of the said Roads by tile said Acts directed to be repaired between the Tow ns of Brighthe/n/lttt and Cuckfield, shall not be looked upon or deemed to be an Exemption from the Payment of the like Tolls and Duties at any other of the said Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes, erected, or to be erected between the said Town of CuAfield and the County Oak on Lovell Hetrfb; but that the fame Tolls shall be paid Twice between the Town of Bright hclnf/lon and the County Oak on Lovell Heath aforesaid, for all Horses, Cattle, Carriages, and other Things above-mentioned, that is to say, once at the Barry Gates, or Turnpikes erected or to be erected between the Towns of Bright'-helmston and Cuckfield aforesaid, and once between the Town of Cuckfield and the County Oak on Lovell Heath aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

what Nun-

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby- further enacted, That no more than i»er of Tf-In Two Tolls-in the Whole shall be demanded or taken from any Person for

to he taken. once passing and re-pailing the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night, to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, with the fame Horses, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, through all the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected, or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or of this Act, between Brighthelmston and the County Oak on Lovell Heath aforesaid, but that all and every Person and Persons, having paid the said Two 'lolls in the Whole, and producing a Note or Ticket,' Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment of such Tolls, (which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby' required to give gratis), shall once pais and re-pass, the same Day, with the fante Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll free through’ all the Turn-

8S3

47° GEORGII III. Scfl* 2. Cap. 47.

pikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads by the: laid recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, intended to be repaired by virtue thereof; but if any Person or Persons shall pass through any Gate or Turnpike a Third Time with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then and in that Cafe, such Person or Persons shall again be liable to pay the said Toll, and so toties quoties for every 1 hird lime the said Person or Persons shall pass the same Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no more than One Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for once passing and repassing the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, through all the said Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on any of the said Roads hereby or by the said recited Acts or either of them directed to be repaired, between Brigkthebnston and Cuck-field; nor shall any more than One Toll be taken or demanded from any Person of Pgrfcns for once passing and repairing the same Day with the fame Hones, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages through all the said Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected between Cuckfield and the County Oak on Lotell Heath; but that all and every Person and Persons, having paid such respective Tolls, and producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or '1 ickets as aforesaid, shall once pass and repass the same Day with the fame Horses, Catde, Beads, and Carriages Toll free through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads between the respective Places aforesaid; but if any Person or Persons shall pass through any Gate Qr Turnpike between the respective Places aforesaid a Third Time with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then and in that Cafe such Person or Persons shall again be liable to pay the said Toll, and so toties quoties for every Third Time the said Person shall pass the same Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads, between the respective Places aforesaid, with such Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforesaid.

VIII. And whereas by the said fird-recited Act, it is enacted, That all and every Carriage and Carriages laden with limber. Plank, Boards, Wood, Hay or Straw for Sale, Brick or Tiles, Gun or any other Iron, Hop-poles, or Chalk, passing through any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act, between the Twentieth Day of October and the First Day of April in every Year, should pay Double Tolls or Duties at each Gate or Turnpike through which such Carriage or Carriages so laden should pass: And whereas such Part of the said recited Act has been found insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and great Damage is done by Carriages laden with Coals; be it therefore further enacted, That so pinch of the said recited Act shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed: And that from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, all and every Carriage or Carriages whatsoever, laden with Timber, Plank, Boards, Wood, Hay or Straw for Sale, Brick or Tiles, Gun or any other Iron, Hop-poles, Chalk, Chalk Marl, or Coals, passing through any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erected, or hereafter to be erected upon the said Road by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, between the 1 wentieth Day of October in each Year and the Full Day of April in every

\_Loc. iAPer.~\ ioG succeeding

No more than One Toll to be raid for p fling ami repaii ng the fame Dtv between B. ight-helir.tton an«l Cuckdcld

but a new

Toll to i>e paid ev- try Th.rd Time*

For repealing Clause in former Act for impoitn^ Double Toil* on certain Carriages, and for granting further Powers

for that Pur-pele.

*54

far Glutting up certain lanes.

Prr uuniftiing Collectors of T ils for Mil-tunduct.

Ixemptionj fi o.n Tails.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cdp.tf't

fudceeding Year, during the Continuance of this A cl, shall pay Double the Tolls or Duties hereby granted at each Gate or Turnpike through which such Carriage or Carriages so laden shall pass; any Thing in the said recited Aids, or either of them, or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to shut up, or cause to be shut up, a certain Lane or Hoad leading out of the Town of Crawley, by a Messuage or Premises now or late in the Occupation ef Elizabeth Sadler, towards IJidd in the said County of Sussex and also a Lane called Cleaver's Lane, leading out of the said Turnpike Road in the Parish of Cuckfield, near to a certain Farm called Beech Farm or High Beech, and out again on the said Turnpike Road at Holmjled Hill; and all'o Two other Lanes or Roads at or near Anfty Cross, in the said Parish of Cuckfield, leading out of the said Turnpike Road into the Lane or Highway leading from AnJly Cross aforesaid to Bolney; and also a certain Road or Way leading out of the Village of Prejlen on the Downs towards Hove, in the said County of Sussex, by erecting or causing to be erected any Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences, at the Ends leading out of the said Turnpike Road; and if any Person or Persons drill destroy or damage any such Gates, Railways, or Pences, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with all Charges and Expences attending the repairing or restoring of such Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences.

X. And, in order to prevent the Misconduct of the Persons employed as Collectors of the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That every Person employed to collect any of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, shall affix his Chridian and Surname on a Board on some conspicuous Part of the Toll House at which he shall be appointed to collect the said Tolls, on each and every Day that he shall continue in such Collection, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Neg-led thereof; and if any such Collector shall wilfully misbehave hinffelfin the Collection of the said Tolls, or shall make Ule of any opprobrious or improper Language to any Person or Persons passing through any of the Turnpikes already erected or hereafter to be erected, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or of this Act, and shall be thereof con-vided on his own Confession, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, and in Default of Payment thereof shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Ilorfe, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road licS; cr Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw cr.'iy, not fold

or

s55

+5* GEORGII III. Sess. i. Caf. 47.

or disposed of, but parting to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses of on the Lands of the Owners 5 or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast;, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (Chalk, Chalk Marl, and Lime excepted) or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships or Pari dies; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from virtting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse. Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poftinarter General, either when employed in con.eying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, a-.'encing any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any C triage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Beast, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants, sent by kgal Partes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Sttjfex, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be drafted in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps reflectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or AppiicatUnof awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, Compinfation taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act* amountin'*" for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme *«ol."

Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any JDifability or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in

the

856

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 47.

the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified /by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the dime of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking EfTedt; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancer)', upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Timid be paid by Order of the said C ourt, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application *her the Compenl.'ition is lel> titan aool. and exceeds Stilt

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be left than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty' Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or ©therwife the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (fucly Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any. Manner

herein-

47° GEORGII III. Sell; 2. Cap. 47- 857

herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person. or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Titles"* *U' any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or 6r if perforu Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if cannot he the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ch^Murey be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may tobepaiiiinto be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to the B3r‘k! order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with, the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif- Subject toth-position of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, Order of the on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum Chancery on or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be r~5o,i.on ur and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, Pstltlon' as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates,

Title or filtered of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for w’lat and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person c r Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques- Rejecting tion shall arise touching the 1 itle of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- " £S‘ countant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or his Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Aftsorthis [toe. isf Per.] i o H Act,

Application where the Money is than zol.

858'

Court of Chancery to direct the P;«) meat of Expenecs.

Persons chatgrabV to Statute. Work to continue so. Junices to determine Differences touching Statute Woik.

47° GEORGII IH. Sell'. 2. Cap. 4/.

Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Mopey, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Pqffession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or" Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or I ersons, or Corporation,' entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act? the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Cppit of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time tq be made in pursuance ©I the said. recited Acts or this Act, or so much of fitch Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with tl|e necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time'tb Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct:,

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons wbqby Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition of such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time Ito summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Sunn non s (within Seven Days after tha serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lien of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams cr Draughts, or othemife j and also the Amount of

8$9

47° GEORGII III. ScfT.2.r (7^7.47.

the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts, of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions ife is, are, or maybe directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the fa{4 Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of th'h j^Vfbrts who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid^ td db fifth Number* of Days Statute Work in every Year upon thefdid Rbatfe as the said Justices shall think reasonable 5 and the fame shall, be done cm such D^ys, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Part;? of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, 4ifec% and apppftit; and the said Justices shall and may also order and dii'pcf the Persons who by such if-ifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in' lieu of or as. a Competition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof a* the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their ‘Trfcafurer, at such Tijne or Tiines.as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Drftrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every- Pelfoti who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall;for, every Day of his, hyr, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast of Reads, to be provided by him, her, pr them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalrie's, and Forfeitures, as such Pei ion or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or impeded Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding f orty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trulten au? for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, compound for Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on Statute Work-the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads are situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads,

which

86o 47*GEQ RGII HI. Sess.2. Cap.tf.

which Compositfon Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or other, wife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

For nayin&

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences

*ahe*AetC*8 'nc^em to and attending the procuring and obtaining this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed and required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the first Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Fixing the.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said Continuance ICC'ted Acts shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and the of the Ait. laid recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act; shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,"

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

C-

ANNO QUADRAOESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Cap. 48.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Act* of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nun s Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln. [1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act paded in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, inticuled. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nun’s Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of I by, in the County of Lincoln, federal Toils and Powers were granted to Trustees for repairing the said Road during the Term therein mentioned: And whereas by another Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said first-mentioned Act was continued for a further Term, ana f mie of the Provisions were thereby altered and enlarged: And whereas, the Trusties appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have in pursuance thereof borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arising the reby, which with a considerable Arrtar of Interest thereon are itill doe and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be kept in Repair unless the said Acts be continued for a further Term; and it is expedient that some farther Powers and Authoriiits should be granted for that Purpol'e: May it therefore pleal'e Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s [Lw. fcf Per.^ 10 I most

5 0 «,

16 G.

I

862

Tormer Ail* continued.

Traftcet.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 48.

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the LorJi Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament aflem-bitd, and by the Authority of the same, That the Paid recited Acts passed in the Fifth and Twenty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Authorities, Tolls, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained! and now in force, (except such of them as are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and the same are hereby continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpol'es as if the lame were herein-particularly inferied, repeated, and re-enacted; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained: and this Act, and the To'ls hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said former Acts, or that may hereafter be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all Interest now due thereon and hereafter to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Marmaduke A ding ton Clerk, Joseph Ashton, William Ashton, Stamper Anningfon, the Right Honourable William Beauclerk, commonly called Lord William Beauclerk, Afcough Boucberett, William Bernard., Christopher Bell, William Borman, John Simon Brand-Jlrom, Samuel Byron Clerk, Richard Birkett, Benjamin Borrell, John Barrel!, San.uel Booth, Thomas Barnard, John Sanderson Bestniffe, John Codd, fVrlli'am Bajfett Codd John Carritt, ’Thomas Carritt William Dickinson, Samuel Dtckin-Jon, Ri.bardDixon Clei k, William Dixon, Thomas John Dixon, "Jonathan Field, William David Field, John Foord, Henry Forjler, George Gray Clerk, John Qray, Join Grantham, Richard Goultoii, Barnard Gilpin Clerk, George Ro bert Heneage, Thomas Fiefchi Heneage, Edward Heneage, William Hoigatt, Edward Currer Holgate, Theophilus Hdrneis the younger, John Benmt Hornets, Wcodihorpe Johnson, George Lifter, Lifter, John Loft, William

Loft, John Maddtfon, Hdthanid Main, William Marshall, Join Marshall, Thomas Morris, Robert Manfell, Sir Henry Nclthorpe Baronet ,j hi Nr/t»orpe, Gabriel Neave, John Nicholfn, Brady Nicholson, Charles Ncvne, George He If on, Francis Otter, William OJbouryie, the Honourable Charles Anderion Pelham,the Honourable GeorgeAnderson Pelham, John Parkin/OnD.V. Joseph Phillipson, Richard Pawley Clerk, Richard Roadley the younger, John P,i-ehardson, P Hip Skip-worth the younger, William Skip-worth, Robert S-w n, John Swan, John Smith, William Edward Tcmiine, George Clay on 7 nnyson Clerk, Charles Tennyjon, Samuel Turner Clerk, William Torr, George Uppleby, John Uppleby, Charles Uppleby, Edward Wefion, Charles West on Clerk, William Wilktnfon Clerk, George Whitworth, John Walefby, Emmett Walejby, William Wright, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, and the Trustees hereby appointed shall be added to and aft in conjunction wi h the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them and in case any of the Trustees hereby appointed shall die, or by Writing under their respective Hands decline or revule to act in the Execution of the Trusts hereby reposed in the said Trustees, then some other fit and proper Person shall be elected and appointed a Trustee in the Place and Stead of every Trustee (o dying, refuiing, or declining

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 48., S63

dining to act as aforesaid, in the Manner provided or mentioned by the said first recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Toll Hull be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Geld- f'nr,aand ing. Mule, or other Cattle drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Parities or Places in which the said Road hereby intended to be repaired or any Part thereof cloth lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compost of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden or ether Land or Ground, nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpose of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in Houses, Ouihouses,

Yards, or on the Premiies of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Husbandry, or for any Horse or other Least or Cattle drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or using the fame in Husbandry, or for any Horse or other Beall or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pallure, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried, or for any Horses,

Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exnreffcs under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, cither when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for the Horlts of Soldiers on the March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses or other Bealls employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption, or for any Carriage, Horie.or other Beast employed in the Conveyance cf Vagrants travelling with legal Pafles, nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Part of the said Road doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their re-fptdlive Parish Church, Chapel or other Place of Religious Woiship, tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or cn Chrifimas-day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any PerLn dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other"his Paiochial or MiniftcriaT Duty on a Sunday, or on Chriflmns-day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to b: celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, or Beast car. rying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot,

Calafli, or Chair going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Lincoln, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded , and if any Perlcn shall claim

8 and

8^4

fcstablishing

certain Regulation as to the Performance of Statute Duty.

47* GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 48.

and take the Bmcfit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid not bring entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever^ whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts and this Act or any Part thereof shall be evaded, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof one Moiety ITiall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts a;:J of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road comprised in the said recited Acts, or either of them or any Part thereof, shallftill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or mere Justicea of the Peace for the Parts of Liiidfey, in the said County of Lincoln, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the Did Road lies, and aTo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Woik as aforesaid, shall be determined by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Trea. fu er or Treasurers, and in Order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time tb Time to funirnon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Plaqe, to bring in Lifts betpre such Juf-tioes at same Place to be exp re (Ted in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names, of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Paymenc of any Money in lieu of or as .1 Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing ihe Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or praughts or otherw.f , and also the Amount of the respective Sums to I,c paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and R-ftricuuns as are or m;y be directed by any Law or Stature in Force and Effect fur the Repairs of the public Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, apnoinr, and order such and (o many of the Persons wh’o shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the lame shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvrft) and on such Paris of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Mum-y in heu of or as a Con p >1ton for Statute Work as aforesaid, to ^ay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to ere said Trustee* \ or their Treasurer, at such Time or Tinies as the lai I Justices (had d re£t* and irt default cf Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered By Distfels and Sale of the Goods anti Chatccls of the respective Persons; liable to the Pay mi nt thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is-by the said Acts or eiihe! of them authorized or diredkd to be recovered, and esc* and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as

aforesaid.

865

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 48.

aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default cr the D< fault of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Pe* naltirs, and Fcifeitures as f..ch Person or Persons may be subjtdl or liable to by any Law or Statute in Foice or Effect for the Repair of the public Highways i and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trullees, and applied towards amending the said Road, and in Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways lor any of the said Parishes or Places shall reful'e or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in fall'e and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling'.

V. And be it farther enacted, That all the Monies which before the Day Directing how of the Commencement of rhis Aft shall have been raised and produced he°"

by virtue of the said two preceding Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth applied. Years of the Reign of hs said present Majesty, or either of them, and shall be undifpofccl of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act; and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by or from the Tolls determined by this Act granted or made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or ditefted to be applied shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following, that is to say, in the first Place in Payment of all the Celts, Charges, and Expences in--cident to or artending the obtaining and passing of this Act; in the second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on Mortgage or Srcurjry of the Tolls granted by this Act j in the third Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting, and providing Turnpikes, Toll-houses* and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the said Road, and of executing the other Purposes of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging such principal Sums as lait aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid fur any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation aggregate or foie, Feoffees, in Trust, Guardians, Committees, Trullees, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall if the fame amount to the Sum [Lee. iff Per.] to K—L of

Application of Compeo-fation if amounting to tool

866

Application when the Comptn fuion is lets than tool and exceeds aol.

47° GEORGII III. Sdr.-2. Cup.

T-wo hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed be paid1 into the Bank.of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte iheTruf-tecs for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debe or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Olderot the Court ot Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated, or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidaccd or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time be paid by Older of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profi s of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in calc such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politick, or to any Person or Persons, under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments Id purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piiviiy of the said Accountant Genctal of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or other wise the same shall be paid «c the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Pe Ion or lVII'ons making such Option, and approved of determined by Three or more of the said Trailers ♦or executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the ( lands of tire nominating and approving, Parties); in order that fucir principal Money, and the Dividends anfing the e mi . ray be applied in any Manner herein-before diredLd, lo far as the Calc

(bail

867

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.*8.

shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direo tion or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money Application lb agreed or asseiled cu be paid as herein-before-mentioned shall be less than

Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the lame shall be applied to less than iol» the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, t r ui'ed for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, or Lu* racy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled relptffively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In case of not whom any Surt or Sums of Money shall be awarded or affclled for iJljat^"fout any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of

this Act, fh dl refulc to accepc the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or addled as aforesaid, cannot be round, or if the Person or Per* suns entitled to ft ch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Truf-t es to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or addled as aforesaid, to be paid into the ban is cf England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [dtfribing, tbfrn\, luhjeit to the Order, Controll), and Dispofi-fition of the said Court t f Chancery, which said Court on the Application of any Person oiPerlbns making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Procetcing, or orhtrwiie, as to the fame Court shall fseml meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment ot tl.e Lhvidends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or interest of the Person or Perfi.ru making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the Lid Courr shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiets of the Bank of Erglmd, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Monty, is and are hereby itquired to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fptcifvinrt (o'- what and for whole Ule the lame is or are received, 10 such Person of Pei fops a> shall pay ary such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as atoielakl.

% , ( ' . , .... J

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Perform Question flull anse touching the Title cf any Person or Persons to any E.0?!?0'! Money to be paid into the Bink of England, in the Name and with the ed weUe "1 Privity of the Accountant Gneral of the Court of Chancery, in pur- *t,ed "n,eft fuancs of this Act, f. r the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or He- be'stew^ leduaments, or of any Estate, Right or interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Person*

Sf'8

The Court may order reasonable Expeners of Purchases to be paid by Trustees.

How Expenee* of the Act to be paid.

[Publick Act.]

I-imiting the Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 48.

Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possessim of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully enitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according ro such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Lid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuiiies to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the Cud Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reafun of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pu'chaled under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Ufts in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustee?, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expences, Celts, and Charges which shall attend the lelieiting, obtaining, and passing of this Act, and incurred preparatory thereto, shall be paid and defrayed out the first Monies which shall arise or be received from the Tolls to be taken within she said District, or otherwise, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act or any of them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Noiice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being spetially pleaded.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Day the same shall receive the Royal Assent, and shall continue in Force for the Term «f Twenty-one Years, and Irom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

QUADRAGES1MO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff 2.

<#> ottyiAt mmn«iinb»tmn« —»

Cap. 49.

An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers

of an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His pre- , sent Majesty, for amending the Road leading from If.wich to South Town, and from the said Road to ' Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk. [1st Augu/l 1807.]

'HF.REAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His rrrft-m M j fty, intituled, An 4^/or amending 2; G. j. and keeping in Repair the Read leading from Ip uich to S auth c. ic6. Town, and from the said Read at Beech Lane in tbi Parish tf Darfham, to Bungay in the County of SufiMk: And whereas the Trult^es appointed in or by virtue of tf^e said Act for the Purposes aforesaid have proceeded to put the lame in Execution, and have for that Purpose . harrowed d.vejrs confide; able Sums of 'Money on the Credit of the said Act, apd of toe . , i

Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, a considerable Part of which Money Aills remains due and owing; and the fame c..nnot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be eff ftually amtnded, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the Mid Act is revived, and fame of the Powers1 aAd Provisions thertin contained altered, enlarged, and amended, and the Tolls ir.cresfed: M>y it therefore pi rale Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and w'uh the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelmt Parliament aAcmbhd, and by the Authority of the ' rnir. That the said Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign Act further ot Hm prel nt MajtAy, and all the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Penal- continued.

[Loc. iff Per.]

to M

ties.

874 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 4.9.

ties, Forfeitures. C. mfes, Matters, and Things therein contained, and which were in loice immediately beforr the Expiration of the said 1 erm (except such or them as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed, and except loth Parts th rejf as r.late to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall br and are hercb- declared to be revived, and Ih II be in full Force and Efi ;t, and be executed fur and curing 'he Term herein-after mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpose- wnacloever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enadrd in the Body of this Act, but be subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence an ! take Effed on the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the Term and Tolls granted, shall be iubj-d and liaule to the Payment of all Money m-w due and owing upon the Credit or on Accoum of the Did Ad, 01 which shall hrreafte be bo rowed and borne due on Account of the said Roads, and ail interdf due and to become due for the lame resp; dively.

Leases, See. subsist'ng at the Lxpiration of the former Act, and Proceedings fmee, to be valid, and indemnifying the Trustees for having acted.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Leasee, Contrails, Agreements, and othci Instruments, which were fublilling immediately before the Expiration of the Te m of the said recited id, between die Fruit.rs for executing the said Act and any Person or Persons whomto-ever, touching the r Iprdive left ng and hiring of the Tolls determined by the said Act tr.>med, and which t.y thf Exj iraiion of the said Act were fulp-nded, and also all C ven.ints, Aiti les, Clalilrs, Matters, and Tilings whatio-ever, in such Ltales, Contracts, A^-t.m nts, and r>ther Instruments, lefpedvely contain d; and also, that all Acts, Matieis, and Things wh ch, finCe the Ex intion of the Term of the said recited Act, have been done by the said Trust es, or any of them, or t»y any IxfTee or C >1-lector of the Tolls, or other Officer or Perst.n acting under thrm the said Trustees, touching or in anywise relating to the amending, widening, or repairing the said Roads, or in the Exercise or supposed Exercise of any of the Powers or Provisions contained in the said Act, shall be as good, ▼a!id, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Term of the fain recited Act had not expired , and that the said Trustees, and also the several L- ffees and Coiled rs of the Foils, and other Officers and Perf >ns employed by them the said Trustees, are herthy indemnified for having acted in the Collection or Receipt of the said Tolls, or otherwise relating to the faic Road, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would have been if the said Act had remained in full Force and Effect.

Trustets.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Trustees, named in or appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act, as shall be living at the Time of the pafli g of this Act, and their Successors, to be chosen or appointed in pursuance of the lame Ad, and also the Members serving in Parliament for the County of Suffolk for the Time being (being qualified according to the Directions of the said former Act), shall be and are herthy appointed Trustees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the several Roads in the said Act described, and for putting the same Act and this Act in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees for the Care of the said Roads in and by the said Act. ’

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 49.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be surd for or concerning any Thing tv be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said former Act and this Act, either in the Nines of the Truth e' who may be Parties to any Deed or Instrument in Writing, upon which any Attion shall or may be broughr, or in the Name of their Cle;k or Trealuter for the Tim being; and that no Action or Suit to b<- brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the Trustees in their Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Incapacity, or Removal of any Trustee or Tiuflec , or Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, but thac the Clek or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, iniaf- such Action shall be brought against or defended in the Name of such Cl-tk or 1 reasurer, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant fas the Case may be) in every loch Action: Provided aiways, that such Trustees, or Clerk or Treasurer, in whole Names or Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said former Act or this Afr, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said former Act and this Act, all such Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceedings they or he fhdl bear, pay, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, determined by reafun of their or his being so made Plain: ffs or Defendants, or Plaintiff or Defendant, as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difpure, Suit, or Litigation, shall happen to arise touching or in anywise relating to the Tells to lie collected on the said Roads, or ih Recovery of such Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the f..me, or any on er Person or Persons a fling by or under the Authority of the said Trustee-., shall noc be incompetent to give Evidence in any such DTpute, Suir, or Litiga'ion, by reason of their or his being appo’nted to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees as atoicla.d,

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or mere c.f them, shall and they aie hereby authorized and empowered to cause an additional Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Turnpikes or Toll Gates, to be e tfbd in, upon, or across the said Roads, or either of th in, winch the said Tmftres, or any Nine or more of them, shall th nk expedient, as auxiliary to or in aid of any of the oiign.il Turnpikes or Toll Gates a’r.ady erected upon the I id Roads, or either of itum, and also Rich Toll Houses adjoining or near to the said respective additional Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or any of them, as to the said T uftces, or any Nine or more of them, shall seem requisite and expedient; and the fame 1 oils shall be demanded and taken at the said several additional Torn pikes or Toll Gates as by this Act are autho. z d to be taken at the I unipikts or Toll Gates already erected; bnt in as much as the said additional Turnpikes nr Toll Gates are heredy auth rizeu to be erected to the Intenc only thac Payment of the said Tolls mav not be evaded, ii is hereby declared, that any Person or Persons who shall have first paid Toll at any loch additii nal Turnpike or Toll Gate so to be erect-d as afortf.id, shall be permitted to pass and repass through the next origin >1 Turnpike or Toll Gate to which such additional Turnpike or Toll Gate shall be declared to belong, without being subject to the Payment of any further Toll; and any Person or Persons who shall have ft: ft paid Toll at any such original

Turnpike

875

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer.

Collectors of Tolls not incompetent to give Evidence.

Power to ePeft additional Toll Gates.

876 47° GEORGII III. Sess.i, Cap.^g,

Turnpike or Toll Gate, shall be permitted to pass and repass through the additional Turnpike or Toll Gate, or additional Turnpikes or Toll Gates, b-longing to such original Turnpike or Toll Gate, in the lame Manne as if he or they had actually paid Toll at such last-mentioned 1 urnpikeor Toll Gate, without being subject to the Payment of any fmther Toll at such Gates respectively: Provided never heless, that nothing in this Act contai.itd fh.dl authorize or warrant the taking ot Tolls at tnoie than Six Turnpikes or Toll Gates across the Road between Ipswich and South Town afoicL id, nor at more than Two Turnpikes or Toll Gates across the Road leading from the Corner of Beech Lane in Darsham aforesaid to Bungay aforesaid.

To prevent

VII. And whereas P. rr of the said Ro;d leading from Ipswich to South evading Pay- eLszvn, of the Length of One Mile and an Hof or mereabouts, runs acreil's cTnRuninLre* 3 Common Called Rujhmere Heath, and by reason of the gtcat Width,md Heath. Extent of such Common the Tolls by the said Act granted have been easily evaded; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trulltes, or any Seven or more of them, may and shall and they are hereby auti onzed and empowered, as they shall lee Occasion, to make or cause to be made such Hedges, Ditches, Cople, Walls, and Fences on the Lid Road, rr upon, over, or across the said Common, in futh Manner and Dittdon as they shall find necdLry, so that the Patment of th»- Tolls by this act granced may not be evaded; and that they shall and are hereby requited to make and inclose such Road out of the la d Common, and of such Width as they shall think necessary, and fence the fame off, having loch Number of Gates on each Side of the said Road as they the Lid Trustees shall deem necessary, and the fame Road shall thenceforth be deemed a publick Highway; and if any Person shall wilfully pull down or displace, or in aaywife damage or carry away any such Fence or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or Ipoil any such Ditch, or shall pull up or destroy any of the Shakes or other Marks used in laying out or mak ng such Road, every Person lo offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence auy Sum noc exceeding Five Pounds.

Repealing

VIII. Provided nevenheled, and be it further enacted, That the several auT^ranti!!* anc* Gutics granted and mace payable by the ("aid former Act shall

new ones.'"0" bc 2"d continue in force till the Eleventh Day of October now next enlu-ing, when the same shall ctaie and be altogether repealed; and that upon and from thit Day the Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at every Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected in or upon the said Roads, by virtue of the said Act or of this Act (but subject to the P10. vision herein-before contained as to the said additional Turnpikes or Toll Gates hereby authorized to be erected), before any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, shall be permitted to pals through the lame; (that is 10 %)> v; 5..:

Tolls, For every Ho fe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any

Coach, Cl ariot, Landau, Phaeton, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, CaLlh, or Chair, or such other like Carriage (except a Hearle and Taxed Cart), the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any Ilearfe, Market Cart or Taxrd Carr, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, and every P..ir of Oxen or ether Neat Cattle, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage

877

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. 49.

riaee of the like Nature (except a Market Cart or Taxed Cart), the Sum of Two-pence:

For evtry Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Be aft, laden or unladen, and not drawing the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or lei's Number: And

For every Drove of Calve*, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which Lid Tells and Duties shall be and the same are hereby verted in the said Tro flees appointed or to be appointed to put the said Act and this Act in Execution; and the fame and every Part thereof shall, after paying the Charges of parting this present Act, be subject and liable to the Payment of the Money borrowed or due, or to be borrowed or become due, on the Credit of the said Act and this Act, and shall be paid, applied, dfposed of, assigned, or transferred, to and for the several Uses, In ents, and Purposts, and in such Manner as the Tolls granted by the said Act are thereby dirtfted and appointed to be paid, applied, and disposed of, assigneJ, or transferred, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and the Securities given on the Tolls granted by the said Act shall be deemed and construed to extend to and embrace the Tolls herthy granted, in the same Manner as if the fame had been actually in bting at the Time of the Execution of the said Securities, and had been duly'comprized therein.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power tore-Trustte', or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby empowered moveTurn-from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper (with TolUSates the Consent and Approbation of such Person or Persons as shall be with the Con-entitled to Two-thi d Parts at the lead of the Money which shall be then feat of a cer-due and owing i pon the Credit of the said Tolls, but not otherwise), to p">Por* cause any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates eTedfed or to he erefled by creditors^ virtue of the said Act or of this Aff, in, upon, or acrcfs the said Roads, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across such ether Part or Parts of the said Roads, as to the said Trustee', or any Nine or more of them, shall Lem expedient; and again from Time to Time, as often as they shall think fir, to remove the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and so cause the fame t > be erected in, upon, or across the Part or Parts of the said Roads whereon they so medy flood, or in, upon, br across any other Par: or Parts thereof: Provided nevertheless, that no such Removal shall be made without such previous Notice of the Intention to remove the fame being given as by the fain Act is required.

X. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls authorized to Allowing be taken r.n ti e said_ Roads, shall be demanded, or taken for any Horses or certain Ex. other Bearts or Catrle employed in carrying or conveying only, or going emptions empty or unladen ro carry or co.nv-y only, or returning empty or unladen from To13' from carrying cr conveying, havi g$em employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Brick, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing c.f the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Tuv. Chios or Psrilhes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie v or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, net sold or disposed of, buc

P78

No Person liable to any Penalty or additional Toll on account of Overweight of Waggons loaded with Wheat, &c.

47° GEORGII III. Sell.2. Cap. 49.

passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Morfes or other Drafts or Cattle employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty or unladen to carry or convey only, or returning empty or unladen from carrying or conveying, having b>en employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, for the Purpoi'e only of using or repairing the lame, or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place any Mould, Dong, Soilage, Compost, or other Manure emplorred in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Paftute or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being fhotd or farried -, or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by L.aw, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is otdertd by Authority to be celcbiated; or for any Horses or o.her Cattle conveying the Corple, or going to or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die, and be buried in any of the Paiilhes in which the said Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiring any sick Pirfon, or upon other his Paiochial or MiniftetLI Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses or other Cattle, of whatsoever Descrip-fion, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprdTrs under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Ex-on ffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses attending any Soldiers on their March or on Du y, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Hotfe, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place of Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and have his Arms, Furnituie, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps, at the 'lime of claiming the Exemption; or for any Horses, or other Cattle employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by leg. 1 Paflcs; or for any Horle, Cattle, or Bcaft carrying any Paflcngtr, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, goirg to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Suffolk, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day alter such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions of this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Ait and this Act; any Thing contained in the said Acts to the cor.-ti ary thereof notwithstanding.

XL. And whereas the sccuftoined Mode of the Sale and Delivery of Wheat and ether Grain within the County of Suffolk is by the Last, or Ten Quarters, and the Waagons usually employed in carrying such Wheat and other Grain have the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, and are usually laden with Ten Quarters of Wheat or other Grain, which Quantity is of somewhat '* 3 greater

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 49. 879

greater Weight than is by an Act nude in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Road3 within that Part of Great Britain called England, allowed to be carried along Turnpike Roads in such Waggons as before mentioned: And when as it would be a great Inconvenience to Pei suns who shall have Occafi >n to fend their Wheat and other Grain in Waggons along any Part of the Roads by the said former Act and this Act directed to be repaired, it ihey should be obliged to fend a lei's Quantity at a Time than Ten Quarters; be it therefore enacted, That no Person shall he subject or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture, or additional Toll, for or on Account of Overweight of any Waggon passing along any Part of the Paid Roads, and laden only with Ten Quarters of Wheat or other Grain; any Thing in the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And, for preventing any Differences that may arise about the col- Power to ap-

leding or Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted, be it further £ee

enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any takon at the Seven or more of them, appointed or to be appointed, to order and several Gates, appoint that the said Tulls hereby granted shall be received and taken at

any One or more of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates already erected or hereafter to be erected, in such Proportions as they shall think proper; any Thing in the said (ormer Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Ex- For paying

pences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be first paid out the Expence* of the Monry collected or borrowed, or to be collected or borrowed, by tlus

virtue of the said Act and this Act, ana all Money due for any Materials delivered or taken, or Work done in pursuance thereof, or otherwise due

or owing, or which shall hereafter be due and owing, upon Account thereof, or by reason of putting the said Act and this Act in Execution, shall, as soon as may be, be paid out of the Money coileded or borrowed, or to be coileded or borrowed, by virtue of the said Act or of this Act.

XIV. And, whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said former Act Forremov-has provided a fuffirient Remedy to prevent Encroachments and Annoy- 1BS Annoyances upon the said Road, be it therefore further enacted, That noPeifon £nc*oach-or Persons whatsoever shall make, raise, or set any new Wall or Walls, ments on the Hedge r>r Hedges, Fence or Fences of Thorr.s or Quicksets, or any other Road. Fences v. i atsoever, in or upon the Lands or Grounds next adjoining to

the said Turnpike Rear's now already mar.e or hereafter to be made on either Side of the Ditches thereof, nearer than the Space of Five Yards from the Center of the said Roads; and if any Person or Persons shall make any Inclosure, Wall, Hedge, or Fence on the Side of the said Roads, contrary to the Directions of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, upon their View or Sight of such r.ew Inclosure so made, to order such new Inclosure, Wall, Fence, or Hedge, to be levelled, thrown down, and removed by the Surveyor of the said Roads, or by his Order, and to levy the Exper.ce thereof upon such Offender or Offenders, in and by such Ways and Means, and in such and the same Manner, as any Pen-ties or Forfeitures by the said Act are directed to he levied and recovered.

88o 47° GEORGII III. S'dT.i. Cap:,4/9.

Trees (land-

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar no Timber Tret* ing Fifteen or Stand, (banding Fifteen Feet or more from the Crqwn or Center of Centre of the the fad Roads, shall be cut down, lopped, or topped', by virtue of the

Road shall laid former Act or this present Act.

not be cut

down-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wil*

Penalty on fully or designedly pUH down, dig up, injure, or destroy any Stor.es or Polls juring'Mile- trccte^ or to he erected on the said Roads under the said Act or this Act, lionet. or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions thereon, or cause or

procure the same to be done; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the said Roads, or either of them; or shall drive or lead any Horses or ether Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon, cr shall cause any Damage to be done to such Footway; or if any Person shall haul or draw, or caused to be hauled cr drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or PFce of Timber, or any Stone, other wise than upon Wheel Carriages; or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Scone, which shall be carried on Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Piejud.ce thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upnn the said Roads shall fuller the same to root up or damage the fame, or any Par; thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings, or Copse on tither Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Rr ad, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left Side of the said Roads; o- if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or P ifons from passing him, her, or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, or other Carriage und r his Care; or if any Person shall mike or afGft in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or shall fee Fire to or let off, or throw any Squib, Roikrt, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person shall, without sufficient Cause, leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cur, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, or longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, either with or withouc any Horse or Bcalt of Draught harnelfed or yoked thereto, cr shall lay any Timber, Wood, Straw, Dung, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever on any Part of the Lid Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon; every Person lb offending shall forfeit and pay a Sun) not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, One Moieiy whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards repairing the said Roads.

XVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against the said former Act or this Ac, be it further enacted, That all and every Justices orjullice of the Peace, before whom an; Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Oifence against the said recited Act or this Act, lha 1 and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other F'orm of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; that is to say,

Form of w:{ "1 t»E it remembered, That on the

Condition. ’ j Day of in the Year of our Lord

' A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His

‘ Majesty’s

47° GEORG 11 HI. Sess. 2. Cap. 49. 88*

Majesty's Justices of the Pe.ice for the County of [ol*

f Cuuniirs of os.the Qaje may be] [_Jpecifyir% the Ofbice, and

4 ib; Time end Place when and where the feme was committed, as the Case shall be] Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day anil Year hilt i.I-i

above written.’

XVIII. And wherea» Offences may be comtnffred against the said For securing recited Act or this Act, by Pei font, Unknown to the Collectots, Surveyors,

or other Officers appointed to put this Act into Ex-cu<ion, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Trustets, or their Clerk of Clerks, or their Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Perf.in or Persons as he of they shall call to his or their A Affiance, without any Warrant or other Authority thair this Act, to seize and d.tain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take hitn, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or District near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed iinmediarely to the hearing dhd determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons lo offending, to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Justices Silt ng, to be holden within and for the County or Diifr.cc in which such Offence or Offences shall have been commircri, to answer the said Complaint; and the J'-fticei present at such Sitting, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and rtquired to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a luminary W.iy; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Jultne before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or determined by the Juflicts at such Sitting as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively, to commit him, her, cr them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the I. me County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Da vs, unless he, she, or rhey shall sooner pay their respective Penalties, by hm', hir, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Cuffs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Complaint, Indict- Surveyors of ment, cr Prosecution shall be preferred or brought, or any Notice given Paris!>es to of any Complaint, Indictment, or Prosecution being intended to be pre-

ferrtd or breughr, against the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of anVlWecu-any Parish or Place in which the said Roads, or any Part thereof, do or doth tions. &c- to lie, by reafhn or on account of the said Roads being out of Repair, or on the T'rcai*u'er any other Account relating thereto, then such Surveyor or Surveyors is and tL^rruifees are hereby direered and required forthwith to give Notice thereof in ’

Wiitirrg to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said T10ft.es; and in case such Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refute to give such Notice as aforr-laid, he or they dial I for every such Default forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer for the Time being, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in like Manner as other Penalties are effected to be recovered and lcv.ed by the said recited Act.

XX. And whereas great Damage hath b en done to the said Turnpike Waggons, Road by Waggons and other such Cairiagrs with narrow Wheels, drawn &c.whh’ by HoTes in Pairs or abreast; for Remedy whereof, be it enacted That }vheeis Uav-it (bail not be lawful for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Ca- rS

ILot.VPer.] 10O riage, Breadth tLn

882

Nine Inches, not to be drawn by H- rfes is Pairs.

Statute

Work.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 49.

riaee, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Bread'h or Gauge than Nine Inches to pals upon the Lid Turn, pike Road, or through any Turnpike Gate or Bar already or to he hereafter erected thereon, if the f.me shall be drawn by Horses in Pars or alveaft, other than and except such Waggons Wains, Carts, or other such Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Brradth of Six Inches, as shall he authorized to be drawn in any other Manner by order of the said Trustees of the said Road, made at a public k Meeting, consisting of Seven Trustees or more (which Older it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven of them, to revoke at any subsequent Meeting, and afterwards to make a new one, it they shall thi. k fit, for the fame Purpose), and fixed in Writing upon every Toll Gate erected or to he erected across the said Road, and except Carriages drawn by Two Horses only; and in case any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall pass on the said Road, drawn by Hors s in Pairs orabreaft, contrary to the Provision aforesaid (other than and except as aforesaid), then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall upon Conviction, either by Confession of the Party, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, forfeit and pay for every ftn.h Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Driver or Drivers of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, not being the Owner or Owners thereof, fhai], upon Conviction as aforesaid, forfeit ard pay lor every such Ostence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be resp ctively convicted; such Penalties robe respectively levied and recovered in such Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be levied and recovered by virtue of the said recited Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Chare Marine, Coach, Landau, Berlin, Charioi, C.iaife, Chair, Cal fti, or Hearse, or to the Carriage of futh Ammunition or A li lery as shall be for His M.j:fty’s Service, or to any Waggon, Wain, Ca't, or oih<r such Carriage drawn by Two Horses and no more, or to any Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels 'thereof of the Brradth of Nine Inches, which shall be laden with Oi e Block of Stone, One Piece of Maible, One Cable Rope, One Piece of Metal, or One Piece of limber.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or 111 li be liable to do Statute Work, or aie or shall be chargeable towards repairing aid armn.ing the said Roads, shall (fill remain li.ble thereio in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, or by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any Parish or Place in which any Part of the said Roads is fnuate, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be dene upon the said R acts, by the Inhabitants of the respective Pnrishes or Places in which the said R acts do lie, and also what Proportion of the Monies received 1 v the Surveyor or Surveyors of the H ghways of every such Parish or P.a.s, in lieu of or as a Compolfcion for such Statute Work as aforesaid.

4-7° GEORGII 111. Sess. 2. Cap. 49.

shaft be by him, her, or them paid to the said Truste<?!, or th-ir Treafilrer or Tr a urer'; arri in order thereunto it shall be lawful (or fm h Ju(Iices, in ca'r such Application (hill He made to them by the said Tr fte:, or by their Ceik or Sutveycr, or determined by their Ord--r, from Time t > Time to tum-mon the Surveyor or Surveyors or the Highways or every such P.rish or Piace, to bring in Ltft» before Inch Justices, at forr.e Place to be exDrefh d in fu h SutTimi ns (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), cf th. N.m s < f the several Pcfons who within ftlcn P.irish or Place are by Law iubj- cl and li. b e to do Statute W«wk lor ’t!var Year, or to the Payment or any Money in lieu of or as a Composition f r such Statute Wo.k, distingu flung the Nan re of the Wo'k to be done, whether wih Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and a!so the Am )unt o( the respective Sums to be paiJ, which L lts of Names shall he made in such Manner, and under such R gulafons and Kefttidions, as are or mar be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Kffect for the Repairs of the pu^ln k Hgh.vays; and in cite Application fh .11 be mule to fuc h J offices by the Survc or or Sutveyois or the Highways or any such ILtvhes or Place', and such Lifts as aforesaid shall be produced by them, to fommon the Cietk or Su veyor of the said Trustees in like Manner to appear before such Ji ibices; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, ai d order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statu e Wutk as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Wo;k in every Year upon the said Road, as the Lid Justices shall think reasonabL, and the same shall be d me at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Hatveft), and in such Parts of the said Read, as the Lid Trust es, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, (had from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and dited the Person', who by fu. h Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Com-pofiiion for Statute W rk as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the fata Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Trea-sute-, at huh Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct:; and in Default or Payment thereof, the fame shall and may be recovered by DistieL and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authoriz-d or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Puipofr, by any Surveyor to the Lid Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Dafault of any Labourer or Laboure s, Team or Teams Draught or Draughts, Lorfe or Horses, Bead or B arts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force qr Effrd fur the Repair of the pttbiick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to woik on the Lid Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by ary Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be "found ide or negligent as af. resaid; and in that CLfc every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such l earn or Draught had not been lent to woik on any Pait of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be ® paid

S84

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

47ff GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. fa

paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case 'he said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Hgh-ways for any of the said Paiilhes or Places shall refule or wilfully neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in falle or imperfett Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any Parish, 1 ownship, Place, or Division, or the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments within the same respectively, or any of them, to compound and agree with the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, (or the Statu e Work to be by them, or any of them, done on the said Roads, provided that such Competition Money be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officers of the Parish or respective Parishes so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year, or within One Calendar Month alter Notice for that Purpose given him, her, or them respectively.

Application

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Thar if any Money shall be agreed faoan°Monn" or awardcrt to Psl<^ *or any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, where it e"-5 pnrchaltd, taken, or ofed by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act

ceedi tool, and this Act for the Purpales thereof, which shall belong to any Copora-

tion. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said full recited Act particularly men-tu ned, lucn Money thall, in calc the same shall amount to the Su it of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bunk of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account cx parte the said Tru'lecs for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Diiedion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a furr.mary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents anri Piofis of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to he paid afteding the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament, or affecting any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses, Intents, or s; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Dirtdion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uies, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as tire Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be lo purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; artel in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Crder of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invelled by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Thtee Pounds per Centum Con-5 Cheated

885

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 49.

folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends or annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby dirtded to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Applicatioa so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- where the ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging ^"^[sTefs" to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Dilabtlity or tkan 20ol. Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and does cx* and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases cetd 10*' the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Tune being

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as last before mentioned, shall w'irre t^ie. f be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be fhanaol applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons Tidesforif to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase Person’i can-of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue not be found, of the said recited Act and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or ^>"rchafe shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfac- pl^Untotha non of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case the Bant;-fub-Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ie<a 10 the awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled 2rder °ff

to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or dif-

{.Lee, fef Per.] 10 P covered, mS*

Petition.

886

Where any Q'lection shall arise touch* ing the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of Land, Sec. at the Time of such Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession, unless, &c.

The Court of Chancery may order reafosiable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. xq.

covered, then and in every such Case ir shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Suns of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the N mie and wiih the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Cnan< ery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parlies interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m]-, subjrft to the Order, Controul, and Lhfpofiiion of (he Lid Court, which said Courr, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Ciaun to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is heteby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the lame Court shall seem meer, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Eftatts, Tide or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and ro make such other Order in the Premif s as to the said Coure shall seem just and reafmnble} and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specitying for what and for whose Use the fame is or aie received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Qut-ftion shall arise touihing the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession. until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless ic shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Diiabiiity or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, enritled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under ihe Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be tequired to be paid into the Court of Chancery, ana to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act and tins A t, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ,b j;. a 14 Court

887

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap '.49.

Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Tune to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the M nies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

[Publick Act.]

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Act shall be and the Commence-fame is hereby declartd to be revived, and that this Act shall commence "ent *nd upon the passing thereof, and shall, together with the said Act, continue

and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2

Cap. 50;

An Act to amend and render more effectual To much of an Act, of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildexhall River; and impowering the Con-fervaters of Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, as relates to the Lands in the Second District described in the said Act. '

[1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the 33G2-c-iJJ Reign of his late Majesty Kiner George the Second, intituled.

An Act for draining and preferring certain Fin Lands and Low Grounds in the ljle of Eiv, and Counties (/Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River South, Plant Load and Brandon River North, bounded, on the West by the River Ouse, and on the Fuji by Winter Load, Earfwell Brooke, and the Hard Lands o/Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor, Baibffs, and Commer.a'.ty of the Company of Conservaiors of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called inverted Lands:

And whereas the Commissioners of the Second Dirtrift defer.bed in the [Lw. & Per.] rc Q said

890

47° GEORGII III. Sefl‘.2. Cap. $ o.

said recited Act, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities thereby given to them, made several Drains, Cuts, and Outlets, and erected several Engines, and made several Banks, and did other Works in, through, and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Dillrift, for the draining and preserving the fame, and assessed the said Lands and Grounds within the said Diitr>ft with the several Rates and Taxes therein authoriz d: And whefeas it has been found liecessary, for the Preservation of the Lands in the said Second District, to make certain Droveways through the lame or some Part thereof; but Doubts have arisen whether Power is given by the said recited Act for that Purpose: And whereas the Commissi >ners for the Purpose of making and preserving the said Works of Drainage, have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the several Rates and Taxes for securing the Monies so borrowed, with the Interest; thereof, and a considerable Debt now remains due upon the Allignrnent of the said Rates and Taxes, and otherwise, on Account of the said Lands and Grounds: And whereas the said Lands and Grounds might be further improved by additional Works of Drainage, but the Rates and Taxes authorized to be raised by the said recited Act have been found insufficient for the Payment of the Interest; of the Monies already borrowed and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the present Works; and the Powers given to the Commissioners of the said Second Dillrift are also found to be insufficient for the effectual Drainage and Preservation of the Lands and Grounds comprised within the said Dillrift, and the Tax to be unequal, inasmuch as certain Lands are exempted from the Payment thereof, although the fame receive equal Benefit from the Drainage with the other Lands; and it is therefore necessary to make some Alterations and Amendments, and also to make some further additional new Works for the more effectual draining and preserving the said Lands and

Grounds, and to lay an additional Tax on the said Lands and Grounds,

in order to raise Money to answer the said Purposes; May it therefore please Your Majrlly, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-Pmvtrs of liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited

the A a 1 f Act, so far as relates to the said Second Dillrift, except Rich

t?nued*'COn" Pans thereof as are hereby altered or repealed, shall be of full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Appointment

II. And be it further enacted, That Charles Wedge, of Westley Bottom of Su vt)or in the County of Cambridge, Gentleman, Joftpb Trujloue, of the Town Lamis, C of Cambridge, Gentleman, and Thtnuas Archer, of Barton Parva, Gentleman. shall be and are hereby appointed to view the Lands comprised in the said Second District, and to ascertain their different Degrees of Value in proportion to the Benefit they may receive from the proposed Drainage for the Purposes herein-after mentioned; and the said Charles Wedge, '}-feph Tru/Jove, and Thomas Archer, shall immediately proceed in the said View and Valuation, and the fame, with all convenient Dispatch? shall be said before the said Commissioners, and verified upon the several Oaths of the said Charles Wedge, 'Joseph Trujlove, and Thomas Archer; which Oath . any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorised and empowered to administer, in the Words following; ’videlicet:

*e' ‘I Do

47° GEORGII III. Seff' 2. Cap. 50. 891

‘ T I)o swear, That this Valuation is faithfully, impartially, and honestly °*th’

Amade, according to the belt of mv Skill and judgement, and without

Favour or AtLciion to any Person whotnioever. ‘ So help me GOD.

And such Valuation shall be binding on all Persons whomsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That if either the said Charlei Wedge, Appointment Jofipb Truflove, or Thomas Archer, the Three Puffins nominated and valuer* in appointed as aforesaid, or their Successors, shall refuse or neglect to make case of Death, or become incapable of making the Valuation aforesaid, or shall die before the said Valuation dial I have been laid before the said Commissioners, and verified as aforesaid, then and in such Cases itshall and may be lawful to and for such remaining or surviving Person or Persons, and he and they is and are hereby required, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time, within Twenty-one Days after such Refusal, Incapacity, or Death, shall be known, to nomi-n-te and appoint another Person, not being either an Owner or Occupier of any Lands or Grounds within the said Second District, to value in the Room of every such Person refusing or becoming incapable to act, or deceased; and that every Person so to be app inttd shall have the like Power and Authority to act in the Execution of this Act, as the Person in whose Place he or they shall succeed is hereby invested with.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyors shall fix such To Sx aa a gradual Acre Tax as will amount to the annual Sum of Three hundred acre Tax. and forty Pounds upon all such Lands, as well those that now are, as

those which are not charged by the said recited Act within the said Second District, as shall appear to them likely to be benefited by the said Drainage in Proportion to the Benefit derived or to be derived by such Lands respectively, from such Drainage, the said Surveyors haying due regard to the Value of the present Works, which said annual Sum shall be applied in the fir/t Place towards Payment of the Expence of obtaining this Afi, and making the aforesaid Valuation; in the second Place, in discharge of the simple Contract Debts and Interest now due; and thirdly, to difeh ,rge such Sums of Money as may be necessary to be borrowed for making such Works as the Commissioners shall think necessary for draining the aid Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, and which Sum or Sums of Money the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to raise, ffibject to the fame Regulations and Authorities as are prescribed in the said recited Act; and then that the annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds be applied by the said Commissioners in riifcharging the Bond Debts now due, and the Remainder of the Money so to be raised as aforesaid, to be applied in maintaining the Works, and for such other Purposes for the Benefit of the said Second District, as the Majority of the Commissioners shall think pr. per; power{0?e. Provided always, that as loon as the said Bond Debts are discharged, it Cuce R.-.tcs. shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Second District, at any of their Meetings to be holden under the Authority of the said recited A#, to reduce the Rates and Fixes authorized to be raised, levied, and collected, in such Way as they shall think proper, so that every such Reduction be made proponionably, and with due Regard to the Valuation to be made as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and ffir it further enabled. That nothing in the said Poor’s Lan,l« recited Act or this Act contained shall extend, or be conferued to extend, so

a*

$92

For rrpr a'irg to n>o< h of f irmer A t ts rxrmn ccitr.it. Lan 3 from being raitdj

Fc-alty ftr 1 qt f our ng litciies.

Kfcnvefy of X»xes.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 50.

as to enable the said Commissioners to raise or levy any Rate or Tax, for or on account of any Lands or Grounds vefDd in the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Mildenhall. or in any other Person or Persons, for the Use and Benefit of the said Poor within the said Second District, or any of them,

VI. And whereas in and by the said tecited Ad, certain Lands therein described, above Little Drcvcway, are exempted f om Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, and it is found that a conndcable Po'tion of those Lands are now materially benefitted by the Drainage; be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as exempts the said Lands above Little Drove-way, be and the fame is hereby repealed, 2nd that such of the said Lands be subject ana liable to such Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, as by the said Surveyors shall be adjudged likely to receive Benefit by the said Drainage.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupies, of any of the said Lands in the said Second District, and to which any Droveway Dike, Outring Dike, Division Dike, or other Dike or Dikes whatsoever doth or shall belong, shall neglect or refuse fulEciently to rode, scour, cleanse, open, or repair the fame, cr to make such Dike of the Width of Eight Feet at the leail, and of the Depth of Four Feet at the least, after Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing r iven to him, her, or them, or less at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpose, by the Collector or Receiver, or any other Officer or Officers for the Time being appointed under the said recited Act, or to be appointed under this Act, every such Owner or Occupier shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for every Rod so neglected to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened, as aforesaid; an,d it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time to and for such Collector, Receiver, or other Officer or Person, to cause such Dike or Dikes, at the Expence and Charge of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to be roded, scoured, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened, in a sufficient Manner, and by Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Seven or more of the said Commissioners, to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences, as in the said recited Act or this Act are directed to be levied upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiets, by Distress and Sate of his, her, or their Grounds, Chattels, and Stock, wherever the lame shall be found; and all such Penalties shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons having made Default, and being in Arrear of Taxes under the said recited Act, or that shall hereafter be in Arrear or make Default in Payment of any Rates and Taxes imposed by this Act, and shall continue in fitch Default for the Space of Thirty Days next after the Time appointed by the said Commissioners for such Payment, such Defaulters shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence for every Twenty Shi I ngs for the said Rates or Taxes, in payment whereof such Default shall be nude, and so in Proportion forahy greater or less Sum than Twenty Shillings; and such Forfeitures and Penalties shall and may be recovered

893

4;0 GEORGII III. Sets.2. Cap. 50.

recovered in like Manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, as the Rates and Taxes, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed and incurred under and by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act can or may be recovered.

IX. And whereas some PioDtietors and Occupiers of Lands within the Penalty w» laid Second District have fraudulently driven off their Stock, and removed Pe^'ort’Yhcir" their Property cut of the said Second District, or to Lands not chargeable carte, with the Tax charged by virtue of the said recited Act, in order to evade

the Payment of the Taxes in Arrear upon such Lands; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in ail cases where no sufficient Distress can be found upon such Lands and Grounds within the said Second District, whereon to levy the Tax or Taxes due and owing by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or the Penalty incurred for the Non-payment thereof within the Time herein limited, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Colltftors, Receiver or Receivers or any such Rate or Tax, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Seven or mote of the said Commissioners (which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act, are hereby empowered and required from Ti ne to Time to make, as Occasion shall require) to levy all and every the Tax or Taxes, Penalty and Penalties, which shall be then in Arrea-, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons so occupying any Lands chargeable with any such Tax or Taxes, whensoever or wheresoever such Goods or Chattels shall be found, together with all the Colls at d Charges of levying the fame; and in case no sufficient Distress can be found upon any Goods or Chattels of any such Person or Persons so occupying any of the said Lands chargeable with such Tax or Taxes, whereupon to levy such Tax or Taxes Penalty and Penalties, then and so often as the same shall happen it shall be lawful for the said respective Collectors, Receivers, or other Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to levy all and every the said Tax or Taxes, and Penalty, or such Part or Parts thereof which shall be then in Arrear, by Distress and Sale of any Goods or Chattels of the Owner or Owners of any such Lands or Grounds, whensoever and wheresoever such Goods or Chattels shall be found, together with all the Colls and Charges of levying the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said Second District, from Time to Time, Land 10 di$ as often as they shall think fit, to contract with any Person or Persons for and church^r to purchase and take any Land or Ground, which they may deem necessary rial"‘ 5 for the Purpose of digging Clunch or other Materials, to be employed in making, repairing, amending, and improving the Banks and Droveways now or hereafter to be erected or m de, for the better Drainage, Preservation, and Improvement of the Lands in the said Second District, and to pay the Purchase Money thereof out of the Monies to arise and be collected and received by and from the Rates. Taxes, and Tolls imposed by the said recited Act or this Act; and that the Lands and Grounds so to be pur. dialed shall be conveyed to or in Trust for the Use of the said Commis.

[Lac. tsf Per. 1 10 R sioners

894*

Power lo in-crtJ t the Toll.

Not to extend to O wnet'5 paying the Taxes.

Exemption of Bedford Level Cor. potation.

Application of Ci mpc»-latton where exceeding aool.

47° GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. 50.

sioners, and shall be verted in them or Come Person or Persons in Trust for them, for th: Purpose aforesaid.

XI. And whereas the Tolls now payable for Horses and other Cattle parting along and haling upon the Banks of the River in the said Second District, are found to be inadequate to the Expence of repairing the Damages done to the said Banks by such Horses and other Cattle; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, when and so often, and during such Time and Times as they shall think proper to demand, receive, and take, and to cause to be demanded, received, and taken by then CHlcftor, over and above the Tolls now paid, the further additional oils hereinafter mentioned (that is to lay): At the Toll bar or 1 oh Bars, upon or across the North Bank of the Mildenkall River, in the fai l Second District, for every Bead or Horse haling any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, along the said River, the additional Sum of Sixpence; and for every Horse parting along the said Bank, the additional Sum of Three Pence; and for every Drore of Oxen, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; but if under Five, then One Penny per Head: and for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: Provided, that no Toll shall be demanded or taken determined by virtue of this Act from any of the Owners or Occupiers of Fen Lands Ling within the said Second Diilrift, for Horses or Cattle, except for Horses haling as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse or other Bead haling or drawing any Boar, Barge, or other Vert'd, or any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in catrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Earth, Wood, or other Materials for the making, maintaining, or repairing any Bank or other Work of the Corporation of Bedford Level; or for any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage employed as aforesaid; or for any Horse or other Bead employed in haling or drawing any Ma. chine for deepening, roding, or cleansing any River or Drain adjoining or near to any of the said Banks; or for any Flotfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, cr Afs ridden by any Member, or by any Officer or Servant of the said Corporation, when actually employed in the Business of the said Corporation.

XiH. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded io be paid ior any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taker., 01 uied by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purpol'cs thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert. Iniant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other DTibility or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall in case the fame exceed the Sum of Twd hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the P ivpy of U.e Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex tarte the said Commissioners respect

tivcl

&95

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.so.

tively, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or any Parr thereof, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or afLfting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes j or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, u der the like Direction an i Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement fir 11 be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until fu:h Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or T hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so directed to be purchased in Case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, nor be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments f* purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified by Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the said Commissioners respectively (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Money may be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as' the Cafe be applicable without chaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of ttie Court of Chancery.

App’ication vthere Compensation does not exceed 2 00l. nor lei6 tiia* 101,

8g6

Application Where the Mi 'nev is less Ilian 20I.

jn case of not making out Titles j

or if Persons cannot be found, Punch nfe Mo- ey to be pai' into the Bank:

Subject to the Order of the Court or Chancery On Motion or Petition.

Jtespecting

4ilputed

Titl§*«

47° GEORGII ril. Scflt Cap. 50.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mrncy so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the same shall be pai- to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been emitted to the Renti and Profits of the Rands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, or in case of Infancy or Runaev, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Actor this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Pai ties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or atherwafe, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the tame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Perfion to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court] of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands^ Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have becninPoffession of such Lands, Tenements,forHere-

ditatneBts,

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 50. 897

citnments, at the Time of such Purchase, and a]! Persons claiming under fuc Person or Persons, or under the Possession of fitch Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the Paid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and di posed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession wa> a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to Come Estate or Int.-rest therein. l tfi

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further ended, That where by re.afon T;'e Co(,lt of of any Dliability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpo- Chancerymaj ration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the of pm-ciTi', Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paffi into the Court {{je'com’1 \-r of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tene- lizn-rrs. m"* ments, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in purluunce of the said recited A.ct or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who (half from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money fur such Purpolvs as the said Court shall direct.

SIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall A-y-cil. think himself, herfeif, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case he, she, or they may, within Four Calendar Months next alter the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Saffians to be holden in and for the said County of Suffolk (nrft giving to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk- to the said Commissioners, in case the Appeal shall be made agaii.ft any Determination oi the said Commissioners Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Nature thereof, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recogniz.tr.ce before some Justice of the Peace fur the said County of Sufjiit, with. Two sufficienr Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon); and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance havin'* been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter Sessions o! the Peace, or if they think proper, may adjourn hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace tn ne holden for the said Couniv; and no i roceedings to he had and fallen in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts, of Recoid at West-miiuter, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary not-wicbftanuing.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Ptn;,i.r f,r set, fix, or place, or cause to be let, fixrd, or plrced, any Stack or Mck*, [L:e. tf Per.j }oS * Stacks^"'

898

Commissioners to make Orders for optrmnp Tunnels* &.C.

Owners ac-

co«n*able for Da-nates done b> Boat, men.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 50.

Stacks of Hay, Fodder, Reed, Turf, or any other Thing which may be injurious to the said Bank, or any Bank erected, maintained, or repaired by the said Commissioners, without having obtained Leave in Writing for that Purpose from the said Commissioners, assembled at some of the Meetings to be holden by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, or shall let down any Nets or Engines for catching Fish in any of the Drains, or wilfully or maliciously throw any Earth or other Obstruction in any of the Drains made or to be made, erected, maintained, or repaired, by virtue of the said reci ed Act or this Act, or injure any of the Droveways, every Person to offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in Manner hereafter mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint One or moreOfficer or Officers for the Purpose of opening and (hutting the Tunnels and Sluices already set down and made use of or to be set down and made use of, for the Benefit of Cattle or otherwise, in the Execution of this Act, and to make such Order or Ordas touching the opening or (hutting down of the said Tunnels and Sluices as they shall think proper; 2nd if the said Officer or Officers, or the Person or Persons acting by or under h s or their Authority, shall open and (hut down any of the said Tunnels or Sluices contrary to such Order or Orders of the said Commissioners, or if any other Person or Persons shall open or (hut down any of the said Tunnels or Sluices, every such Officer and other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds nor less than the Sum of Two Pounds, to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Walter and Owner of every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel navigating within the Limits of the said Second District shall, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby made answerable for any Trespais, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, that ffidll be done by such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or determined by any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, or other Person or Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, to any of the Bridges, Buildings, Banks, Weirs, Locks, Jetties, Dams, Mills, or other Works erected, maintained, or repaired, or erecting or to be erected, maintained or repaired by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act,either by the loaning or unloading of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or by any other Means, shall for every such Trespais, Damage, Spoil, ur Mischief, upon Conviction of any such Boatman, Bargeman, Waterman, or other Person or Persons, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, (as the Case may be) on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) or on the Confession of the Party or Parlies offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured such Damages, Satisfaction, or Compensation, as shall be fixed upon by the said Justice; provided no such Damage, Satisfaction, or Compensation, shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall also over and above forfeit and pay to thelnformer or Informers any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds, to be settled and determined by such Justice but in case such Damages shall exceed the sum of Ten Pounds, the lain Master or Owner of such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, may be iu'ed and prosecuted for such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation, in any of His Majesty’s

Courts

47* GeorgII in seiT. 2. Cap. 50. 899

Courts of Record; and if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given again!! him or her, either on Proof made, or by Default or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in every fitch Cafe shall recovtr his Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suit.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Boat-

men. Bargemen, Watermen, and other Person or Persons, and each and reccv-r from every of them, shall be liable to repay such Damages, Satisfaction, Com- Boatmen, pensation, and Penalty so ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, with the Colts of levying and recovering thereof, to such Mailer or Malters, Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment thereof, upon Demand, and Oath made by such Master or Malters, Owner or Owners, of the Payment by him, her, or them, of such Damage,

Satisfaction, Compensation, or Penalty, and that the fame, and the Colls thereof, have or hath not been paid to hint, her, or them, by such Servant, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, or any of them, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any such Justce of the Peace) the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- Frnes and feitures, imposed by the said recited Act and by this Act, the levying F-l{eltu|es-and recovering whereof is or are not particularly by the said recited Act

or the Act directed, shall, in case of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, on his, her, or their Confessions, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witr effes, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffo k, be levied by Ddtrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, whensoever and wherefoevrr the same shall be found, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and req ired to examine Witnesses on Oath, and hear and determine the fame; and all such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties (the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed) lha 1 oe paid into the Hands of the Clerks or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act; and the Overplus of the Money raffed by Inch Distress and Sale, upon decudting the Fines, Penalties, ( t Forfeitures, and the Ext ences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bait or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding t welve Calendar Months ur.Iefs such. Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture* and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be foouerpaid or satisfied.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Conunifffoners for the Tonnke said SeC' nd District, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power Dri n. to make any Cuts or Drains through any of the Hard Lands of Mildenhall thl ’V the near to or adjoining the said Second District, for the better draining the *U Lauc',‘ said District, making such Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners cf such Lands for the Lands so cut, or any Damage aiding the reby, as is provided in the said recited Act.

900

Payment uf Ta’xtt

Rights of Corporat on oT Bed foici Level rt-served.

Mips to be uied.

Private Mills.

Pabiick Act.

47° GEORGII Ilf. Self. 2. Cap. 50.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the First Payment of the Rates or Taxes, hereby intended to be imposed, and all future Payments, Rates or Taxes, hereby imposed, shall be made at such Times and Places as the said Commissioners shall appoint, is otice thereof in Writing signed by their Clerk or some other Officer appointed by them, or any Seven or more of them,< having been affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church of Mildenhall Fourteen Days preceding; and a Year’s Tax shall become due on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to-extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminiffi, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, vested in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, by virtue of an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; or by virtue of any other Act, Statute, or Charter whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever which by virtue of the said Act of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act, Statute, or Chartsr whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Con-Jervators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where it shall be necessary to ascertain the Number of Acres to be charged to the several Owners or Occupiers of Lands, with the-Tax a fit (led by the said Surveyors, that Reference shall be made to Two Surveys or Maps which contain the fepdrate Allotments of all the Lands in the said District, one of which was made by Thomas Robinson, and the other by John Ashmore.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Majority of the said Commissioners, assembled at any Public Meeting held by Authodty of this Act, may authorise any Owner or Occupier of Lands within the said Second District, to erect or cause to be erected any Mill or Mills, Engine or Engines, for the Purpose of throwing the Water out of the said Fen into Mildenhall River, or any public Drain belonging to the said missioners, subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Charges, a* shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners and the said Owners and Occupiers; and every such Agreement shall be registered among ft the other Proceedings of the said Commissioners.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and ffi.dl be judicially taken Notice ofas iueh by all Judges, Justicei, and others, without being tpecialiy pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyrf, and Andrew Strahah-

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self. 2.

Cap. 51.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Bamford and Birtle to Bury, and for making Three Branches of Road therefrom, in the County Lane after. [ 1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the 37G. 3.

Reign of His present Majesty, King George the Third, inti-tilled, An Act for amending,widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Bamford and Birtle to Bury, and for making and maintaining "Three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine cf Lancaster, certain Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were given and granted to the Trustees therein named and their Successors, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas in pursuance and by virtue of the said recited Act Turnpike Gates have been erected, and the full Tolls authorized by the said Act have been taken, the Produce whereof, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, have been laid out and expended in the Repair and Improvement of the said Roads, which Money cannot [Lee. Ss* fVr.J 10 T be

m?

Act conti. nued.

%n}: ‘;V

-luYi. 2... U . 3d

H tsn-fL

47° GEX) R.GIIo III: Sess. 2. C Cap. $1;

be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amendrd, improved, and kept it Repair unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof be altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Act should be increa ed; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conftnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Did recited Act, and all and ev.ry the Powers, Provisions, and Clauses therein contained (except such as relate to the Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are by thi&Aft varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-.after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, hue subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Variations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect on the Second Thursday next after the passing of this Act, which said additional Term and the Toils by t! is Act granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to 'the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing, as well on the ‘Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act’as on any other Security given on Account of and for the Use of the said Roads, and all other Money owing on Account of the said Roads, and also of such other Sum or Serms of Money as shall be borrowed for the Purposes £>f the said Act or this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due for 4he fame.

hfifi ll«m v^t/l r. As v J; ' 5 /: .' ': k

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Trullees nominated and ap runted in nr by virtue of the said recited Act, James Ashton, RobertNuttall ded cirs, Robert.Bamford, Loyd Bamford, Robert Bainford the younger, JJ h Bamfsrd, Robert Butter-worth, William Bentley, William Buckley, John <buei‘le\y- Eductord Ball, Robert Batterfby, the Reverend Sir William Henry Ur he Bamnet, Charles Chadwick, Hugo Mavtfyn Chadwick, Ellis Cun li fe, Robert Cuniijfe Th mas Crompton, Richard Calrow, William Cah ow, jh: was Cairau, Thomas Drake Doctor in Divinity, Edmund Dawson, Ja.-cs L'cardea, John Entwijlle, John EnttviJHe the Younger, Robert jbuiwi/Jle, con Ethott, James Fenton, Joseph Fenton, John Fenton, James Fenton, Jonathan Fildes, John Fiides, Jonathan Fildes, Thomas Ferrand, Thomas Core, Robert Gilbert Clerk, Richard Gould, George Gould, Ridxtrd Green, John Grundy, John Grundy the younger, Edmund Grundy, Dermis Grundy, Thomas Gre.nalgh, Henry Hcjheth, F.enry Ixjkelh the younger, Thomas Holt, Oliver Holt, Robert Heaward, James hleaward, Francis lledgfon Clerk, Richard Hod;fort, William Hodgson Clerk, Thomas HaJUvn, George Holt, Thomas Hutchinson, William Hut-chirjon, John Hutchinson, James Hutchinson, john Hughes, George Holt the uinugtr, banned fhlker, Robert Cregge Hopwood, Robert Holt, John Holt, Francis Holt, Robert Holt of Cross Field, Robert Elolt of Chamber 1 In use, James Holt, James Holland, James Hamer, J.mies Hey, Joseph liarrifm, John Johnfin, Char es Joh/fon, John Kenyon, Richard Kay, 'fob ( Kay, Robert Kay, James Kay, William Kay, Thomas Kay, Richard Kay the younger, Robert Kay of Chelham, John Kay of Brooklhaw, Thomas Kay, John Kay of Chethaui, Thomas Kir man, Thomas Lodge, Ijaal Lea h R.oKrL Leech, J ha Leach, James Lercafmre, James Lancashire ot Shaw, yjm Melladew the younger, John Mason, John Hut tail, hoF 6 William

903

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.^t.

William Norris , Thomas Norris, John Openjhaov, James Openjhaw the vOnngef, Sir Robert Peel Baronet, Robert Peel, Jonathan Peel, Thomas Porter, James Royds, Clement Royds, Thomas Royds, John Gilbert Royds, Jas.es Stark y Benjamin Smith, George Smith, Beckwith Smith. Chanes Smith, John Sehoes, John Taylor, Charles Turner, Joseph TtmUnfon, John tailor, James Taylor, Henry Unsworth Clerk, Thomas Hippon Yavafour, Waller Vavafour, John Vavafour, Thomas Yavafour, John Walmsley the younger, Thomas Wood, Abraham Wood, William Walker, Richard Walker, Robert Whitworth the Younger, Adam Whitworth, William Tates, Edmund Tates, Thomas Tates, Jonathan Tates, and their Successors to be elcded in Manner in the said recited Act mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this and the said recited Act in Execution, under and subject to the (Qualification, Oath, and Penalty for acting if not qualified, as in the said recited Act mentioned and expressed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at the Boar's Head in Bury aforesaid, on the Third Thursday next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, notwithstanding any Adjournment may then have been made by the late Trustees; and that the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from such Metting ad-j urn themselves to meet at the Roebuck in Rochdale aforesaid, on such Day as thty shall think proper, and that the Meetings shall afterwards be held alternat lv at Bury and Rcehdule aforesaid; and the Trustees shall and may from Tim- to 'lime adjourn themselves, to meet alternately in Manner aforesaid, at any Time they shall think proper; provided, nevertheless, that no Meeting shall be adjourned to a later Hour than Eleven of the Clock in the For noon; and that if#it any Meeting the re shall not appear a sufficienc Number of Trustees to ad and to adjourn themselves to another Day (1 Vo Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment onl)) or in case the Trustees arany Timeaflembled ftiali not adj >um themselves, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the Trustees shall by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then erected on the fai l Road*, at lead Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the I rustees to meet, at the Place where such next Meeting should in rotation, be held, on that Day Three Weeks next after the Day for which fucti iaft Meeting was appointed; and in case the said Clerk shall by any Means otnit giving Notice as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for any 1 hreeor more o( the Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting at any Time or Times after the Space of Seven Days from such Omission, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place the next in rotation for holding the Meeting upon that Day Week after the Date of their said Notice; and that the Trustees shall at all their Meetings defray their own Expences, and a'l Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act shall be made at the Meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, and not otherwise (except in Cases in either of the said Acts particularly provided for) and that no Order or Determination shall be made unless the major Part of the Tiuftres present shall concur therein; and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to this Act or the said recited Act, which are

directed

First Meeting of ti>e Trui-tecs.

Ms niter of

hulding the Meetings,l«e.

904 47* G ECRGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. $ 1.

directed to be done, made, or had by or before the Trustees shall and may be done, made, or had, by or before any Five or more of the 'lrustees, except where any other Number is in either of the said Acts named, and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings done, made, or had by or before such Five Trustees, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the tame were done, made, or had by or before the whole Number of the Trustees j and in all Cafef where the Trustees or any Justice or Justices of the Peace are authorized to examine any Person or Persons upon Oath, it shall be lawful for such Trullees, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, to administer such Oath; and that no Order made by Five or more t rustees shall be revoked or altered unless at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which intended Alteration Twenty-one Days Notice at least shall be given at a previous Meeting of the Trustees, and entered in their B iok of Proceedings, and such Notice, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, shall be affixed on all the Turnpikes on he said Roads Fourteen Days at least before such Meeting and unless a Majority of the Trustees present at such Meeting (such Majority to conlift of Nine at the least) concur therein.

be'ere*10 whereas the Power in the said Act contained, authorizing

ami rolh the said Trustees to treft Turnpikes and Toll Houses. has been ton id ©fth'ue *1' d 'n ^ome ^e^Pe^s defective, and the Tolls granted and made patablt by re i hv life the said former Act are not sufficient for the Purposes thereof, be if ihere-f.'ireer ac;. fore enacted, That the fame and the several Tolls granted by the said recited Act, and also the Proviso, respecting the not taking of the said Tol is at more than one Gate within Four Miles, therein contained, be, and the same are hereby declared to be respectively repealed; And i.illeatl thereof, be it snadied, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may continue, provide, erect, and set up, or cause to be continued, provided, ered^ed, and set up, one Gate or Turnpike in or across that Part of the said Roads which lies betwixt a certain Brook called the Spodden otherwise Spottin Brook, in the Township of Spot land in the Parish of Ruhdale aforesaid, and the westerly End of certain Dwell ng Houses, fit ate in the said Township of Spotland, at a Place called Mitchel Hey Barn; and a so shall and may continue, provide, er ci, and let up, or cause to be continued, provided, erected, and set up, one other Gate or Turnpike in or across that Part of the said Roads which lies betwixt a certain Place called Fern Grove Well and a certain Bridge called Barnbrook Bridge, both situate in the Township of Bury aforesaid, and shall and may continue, erect, and provide, or cause to be continued, eiefted, and provided, a Toll House with convenient Outbuildings at each Turnpike or Gate, and take in and inclose on the Side of the said Roads, at each such Toll House, a suitable Garden Spot for the fame; and may cause the said Gates or Turnpikes, or any of them, together with the loll Houses and other Buildings from 'lime to Time to be taken down, altered, or removed, and let up within the respective Limits before-mentioned, but not elsewhere, as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall judge proper; and also shall and may provide, erect, set up, and build, or cause to be provided, erected, set up, an, I built across any Lane or Lanes, Way or Ways leading into the salt! Roa lu h and so many Gates and Turnpikes, and a Toil House to eat h Gate or Turnpike, with fuhable Outbuildings appertaining or fuiuhle thereto, and a convenient Garden Spot for each Tol! House,

as

905

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Caf.$t.

as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge proper; and that the several Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, by such Person or Beifons as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, or other Cattle or Bead, or any Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; that is to say (except as hereinafter is excepted and provided).

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Curricle, Calalh, Tolls, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horles or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Six-pence:

For every Waggon, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheel* of the Breadth of Nine Inches, or upwards, on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Seven or Eight Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and drawn by Four, or a less Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, as aforesaid, and upwards, and under Nine Inches, drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-pence; and drawn by Four, or a less Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with any of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Cart or other Two-whee!ed Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Four or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beads of Di aught, the Sum of Six pence:

For every Cart or other i’wo-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, as aforesaid, drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Tea-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Cart, or ocher Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by One Horse or., Bead of Draught, the Sum of Six pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for a greater or less vNumber:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number:

ILoc. Ss* Per.} io U And

qo6

Doubl; Toll on Sunday.

Toils to be taken in 13nnitrd for pallli g only into or from any P.irt of tiiatOiftiict.

Tolls only to be paid once for past

47° GEORGfll III. SeflVi. Cap.$u

And that on each and every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in cale they shall think it necelfaty, to demand ami take, or cause to be demanded and taken, at the Turnpikes or Toll Gatts. now erected or hereafter to be erected in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, by fuel) Person or Persons to be nominated and appointed as aioiesaid, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame respectively, double the several Tolls herein-before directed to be taken on any other Day of the Week.

And the several Tolls by this Act granted shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said rJ rullees , and shall be levied and recovered, in such and the same Manner as the several Tolls granted and made payable by the said recited Act are thereby directed to be levied and recovered, and may be assignedin such Manner as hereinafter is mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the following Tolls, and no greater, shall be taken for Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages passing through any Turnpike Gate to be erected within the Division or Dilhift of Bamford aforesaid, in going only from or to, or returning only from or to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Mines, (Quarries, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Ed ate of Robert Bamford, Esquire, or in which he hath any Intered, whether the fame Hull be in the Occupation of the said Robert Bamford, or of any Person holding of or under him, or under Detnife from any Person whose Ellate he now hath, lltuate and being within the Divisions or Diltiifts of Bamford aforesaid and Birtle cum Bamford, in the Paridi of Middleton in the said County, or either of them j (that is to say),

For every Waggon, or other such Four wheeled Carriage, drawn by any Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Three or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One-penny Halfpenny, and drawn by One or Two Horses or Bealls of Draught the Sum of One Penny:

For every Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of Iefs Breadth than Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Three Horles or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence, and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence, and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Coach, Chail'e, Curricle, Chair, or other such like Carriage, Hearse, or Litter, diawn by Two or more Horses, the Sum of Four-pence, and drawn by One Horse, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny: And

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score j and lo in proportion for a greater or less Number.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid the respective [Toll for passing through any Turnpike

- , or

9o;

47° GEORGII III. 9eff.2. Cap. 51.

or Gate to be continued or erected by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be subject or liable to pay any Toll for returning through such Turnpike or Gate before Twelve of the Clock in the Night of the same Day, with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Carriage in respect of which he shall have paid such Toll, or with the fame Horses or Cattle which shall have drawn any Carriage for which the Toll has been paid at such Gate that Day, if returning with another Carriage of the fame Description as that for which the Toll has been paid, but shall return Toll-free on producing a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Turnpike, denoting Payment ol such Toil, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the said Tolls is hereby empowered and required to deliver gratis on Receipt of such Toll; and that no Person who resides at the Time betwixt the Turnpike to be continued or erected next to Barnbrook Bridge aforesaid, and the Turnpike to be continued or erected the neatest to the said Buildings at Mitchel Hey Barn aforesaid, and within the Diltance of Half a Mile of any of the said Turnpikes or Gates to be continued or erected on the said Roads who shall have paid the respective Tolls for passing through such Turnpike or Gate situate within the Diltance aforesaid of his or her residence shall be subject or liable to pay any Toll for a Second Time of passing and returning through such Turnpike or Gate before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day, with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Carriage in respect of which furh Toll shall hare been paid (except as herein-after is excepted and provided)^ but nothing in this Clause contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to exempt any such Horses, Cattle, or Carriage from Payment of the respective Tolls for passing a Third Time the same Day through such Turnpike or Gate in the fame Direction in which they went the lirft Time that Day; hut the said respective Tolls shall be demanded and paid for each passing (after the Second Time of such passing) with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, through such Turnpike or Gate in the fame Way or Direction which such Horses, Cattle, orjCarriage wenc the first Time that Day: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Clause contained shall extend, or be held or conllrued to extend to exempt any such Horses, Cattle, or Carriage when going empty or unladen for, or palLng laden with any Kind of Coal or Stone,- or any Kind cf Mines or Minerals whatsoever, from the Payment of the respective Tolls once for each and every passing and repairing, but such Horses,

Cattle, or Carriage, when so employed, shall pay the said respective Tolls for each Time they shall pass through the fame Gate in the fame Direction which they did the First Time that Day, and shall be allowed to return each Time gratis, if before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day, but not otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls Enabling arising by virtue of this Act shall be demised or let to farm to any Person Trustees r® or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer froe'orfoti or Farmers thereof, shall neglect orrefufe to perform the Terms and Con- House», &c. ditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, either by taking wheiilct* greater or less Tolls, or in any other Way or Manner; or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Fanners, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Fourteen Days next after any one of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Agreement for demifing or letting thereof; and in case the Toll House or Toll . , Houses

908

Payment of a full T« 1 at one Gate to ,ree the next.

General E*-emptioni.

47° GEORG 11 111. SelT.2. Cap.$u

H^uses shall he in the Possession of any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer ot Fanners, or Collector or Collectors, who shall be discharged or removed from his or their Office of Collector, or shall happen to die, then and in any of those Cases the said f rtf flees, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or any other 1'erson authorized by Writing under their Hands, shall be at Liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter upon and take FofTelTion of any Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising the reat respectively, or any Collector or Collectors or o her Officer or Officers having the Possession of the said Toll House or Toll Houses, Gates and Pretnifes, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees (if they shall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement (if any) for demifing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be from that Time utterly void, to all Intents and Purposes, (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment up to that Time of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other Covenants or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part which shall have been broken) as if such Denfife or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected as if no former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made relative thereto, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall have paid the full Toll for passing through any Gate or Turnpike to be continued or erected across the said Roads, or on the Side rhereof, shall be liable to the Payment of another Toll for afterwards parting the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, through the Gate or Turnpike erected across or on the Side of the said Roads, the neared to that at which such Toll shall have been paid, but such Person or Persons shall be exempt from Toll there, on producing a Note or Ticket denoting Payment of the Toll at such other Gate, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the Tolls at such Gate is hereby authorized and required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll, if demanded.

IX. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls by this Act granted shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any # of the Roads in the Townships in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, or paflingfor that Purpose, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out* houses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going co carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure (except Lime) employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands or for any other#Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands,

lilt!

ak<

»iffi

lit 9

*’ r

*1,1# M 7

V

j i

rift

j,4

M \*

it

lit

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 51. 9°9

or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church,

Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated j or for any HoTfe, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps ot Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from (he Place appointed for and on the Days ot Exercise; Provided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming fud) Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horse, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or lor any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Ejection of a Knight or Knights of the Si.ire to ierve in Parliament for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be conducted; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or" collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act gTarited,r-not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Half whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied to the Purposes of this and the said recited I Act; J* jit ja

X. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Tolls to be Applicatianof collected and levied by virtue of this Act, or out of the Monies to be M°neT borrowed on the Credit thereof, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required, in the first Place, to pay Hi Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Subi of Money borrowed for the Purpose of defraying the Expence of obtaining this Act, and afterwards all the said Tolls and Monies shall be applied in defraying the Costs and Expences relating lo the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of continuing, efefting, and providing Turnpikes,

Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of alceiing, widening, repairing, and maintaining the said Roads, and of executing the other Purposes of this and the said recited Act, and in paying off and discharging the Interest and Principal in the first Place of all such Sum and Sums of Money which have been borrowed for the Use of the said Road, upon the individual Security of any of the said Trustees, or any other Person or Persons, and are now owing, and in the nexc Place in [Loci Ss* Per.] iol paying

9 T O

47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap t,i.

Application of C^mpew-fation if amounting t©200).

paying the fnterest and Principal of all such Sums of Money as have been borrowed, and are now owing upon the Credit of the said recited Act, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of this or the said recited Act,

Directin? th? Repair of the new Road in C fes where the oid Highways k-a turned,

*nnd particular °e> fons were liable

in v epaii the old Highway by Tenure or otncnv.fe.

XI. And whereas certain Parts of the said Roads, by the said recited Act intended to be amended, have already been, and other Part'- here-after may be diverted and rendered nearer and more commodious to the Public, and Doubts have arisen, and hereafter may arse, whethe. any particular Person or Persons liable to repair the old Highway or Road so deviated from, by Statute Duty- or by reason of che Tenure of their Lands, or otherwise, ought solely to repair the whole of the kme diverted or new line of Road, or only to contribute in some Proportion towards the Repair thereof jointly with the Inhabitants of the Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division or District respectively, wherein the said new Line of Road lies; for obviating which Doubts, and preventing Disputes in future, |be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who was, were, or shall be liable as aforesaid, to the Repair of such old Highway or Road, which hath been or shall be so diverted or turned, shall respectively be and continue in the same Manner liable to the Repair of such new Road, cr so much thereof as shall be equal to the Burthen and Expence of the Repair of such old Highway or Road, from which they, he, or Ihe, have been, or shall be in anywise exonerated, by the diverting of_ such Road; and that the Inhabitants of every such Parish, Township,* Hamlet, Division, or District respectively, wherein the said new Line of Road shall lie, shall be liable to the Repair of the Remainder of Inch new Line of Road, and that if the several Parties interested cannot agree therein, the same shall be viewed by Two Justices of the Peace, acting within the Distiid where such Road lies, and shall be settled, adjusted, and determined by them in such Manner as they shall think just ;md reasonable, and from and after such Determination of the said Justices, the Inhabitants of the said Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or biftrid, and the Person or Persons liable to repair a certain Part of such new Road as aforesaid, respectively neglecting to repair the said new Road, according to such Adjustment as aforesaid, shall bear all Charges and Expences of ' Indictments and Prosecutions, which shall be brought against them respectively for not repairing their apportioned Part of the same.

I

Ilf

XII. And be it enacted,' That, if any Money shall be paid, or " agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of! the Powers of this or the said Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trust or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, ’4 to

I

gn

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.tf.

to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fuinmary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afledting the fame Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, or aftefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes j or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by order of the said Court upon Apprtcatio i thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or 1 hree Pounds per Centum. Reduced Bank Annuites; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the PeTon or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits' of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy,to be signified inWriting under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by F,ve or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Act and this A cl (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Patties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without

Application where Compensation uoes not exceed aool. nor leu than

iji.

913 47* G E ORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 51.

out obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation

of the Court of Chancery.

Application where the Money is left than 20I.

I n case of not making out Titles j

cr if Persons cannot he found, Purchase Mo 1 ey to he paid into the Bank:

Subject to the Order of the C^urt of Chanctry on Motion or Petition.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such

Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who wrould for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be. paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively. yj 0 P 4

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Act or this Act, shall, refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Pretnifes, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenement?, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Caie it shall be lawful, for the said Trustees, or any, Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so av.aidtd as aforesaid, to be paid, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,^describing theni] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Iiflate or Dilates, Title or Inteieft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums ot Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are.received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

routed"*

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Title*. Question shall aril'e touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pcu/uance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or #of any Estate, Right, pr 4,ltersfl in any Lands, Tenements, or Here-

3 3- Wjk aa fc ditamentj

9*3

4-7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2, Cap. 51.

ditlrr.ents, to be purchased in pursuance cf this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchasei with any such Money, or to the Dividends or latcreft of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pofltfiion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the-Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Posseifion was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or interest therein.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of th's '.ft i: Hull and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases front Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads by the said Acts or either of them directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall frill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine oiLancafttr, and they are hereby empowered and required upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid t > the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in Lch Summons (within Ten Days after the Serving of such Summons) of the Names of the teveral Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to

[Loe. cf? Per. J io T do

The Court of Chancery may order l eafon-aUc Expmcec cf Purchase# to be paid by the Tr«f. reef.

Persons chargcab e to Statute Work to continue so.

Justices to determine Differences touching Statute WcrK.

914 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Gap.51.

do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in iieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may b» directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and diieft the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as" aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect: or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Defaulc of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways-, and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to Work on any Part of the said Roads , all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads , and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in fall's or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence iorfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Publick Act. NIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specialty pleaded.

4

XX.And

47° GEORGII III. Sefi.2. Cap. $ i. 915

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said Term ami recited AO shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed; and that the said recitecj Act (except so much thereof as is hereby varied, altered, or repealed) and this Act, shall commence on the Day of the passing of this Act, and shall continue and be in full Force and Effect for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts, pasted in the Fifth, Seventh, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peters, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned.

[1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third intituled, An Act for amending tke Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris jG> < and March to Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gate in the He of Ely, and from Wisbech aforesaid through Outwell, to Downturn Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and for repealing the fev. ral Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March . And whereas another Act was passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty; for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry through 7 g. Chatteris and March, to Wisbech Saipt Peters, and from thence to lid Gote, in the I fie of Ely, and from Wisbech aforesaid through Outwell to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road betxetn Wisbech and March, and also for charging certain Lands in WiWerfea, and cn Wisbech South [Loc.tfiV.] jo Z Side,

9i3

i6G-3.

Acts of 5th 7th, and a6th

O. 3.

continued*

Trustres fjr rxecnt ng Ihe said Act* to execute this Act.

Trustees not to vote when particularly mtertiled.

Trustees may sue and be

sued in the

47° GEORGII III. SelT.2. Cap. 52.

Side, towards the Repairs of the Waldersea and South Side Banks, which before thepajfing of the said Act were liable to such Repairs: And wherea* another Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powcs of Two Acts made in the Fifth and Seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wifbch Saint Peters, in the I fie of tly, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said several Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due and cannot be repaid; nor can the said Roads be properly amended, improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts altered, enlarged, and amended, and the Tolls increased; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Fifth, Seventh, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Reservations, and Clauses therein contained (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendment, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect upon the passing of th’13 Ad; and this Act, and the Additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, (halt be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said firmer Acts, or which may hereafter be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, and of ail interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees named in or appointed in pursuance of the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting in Execution this Act; and that the General Meetings of the said Trustees shall in future be held annually at the Town of Wisbech Saint Peters aforesaid; and that the said 1 ruf-tees shall be and are hereby empowered to adjourn themselves, from Time to Time, to such Time and Place, within the Limits of the said Roads, as they shall think proper; and in case no particular Adjournments shall be made by the said Trustees, then that all the Meetings of the said Trustees (except the said General Meetings) shall from Time to Time be held according to the Directions of the said recited Acts; Provided always, that no Trustee shall vote at any of the said Meetings on any Question wherein he shall be particularly concerned or interested.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk; and that no Action 1a to

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 52. 919

to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, by virtue or on account of the said recited Acts or this furerorcitik. Act, or any of them, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Clerks, or by the Act of such Treasurer or Clerk, without the ConLnt of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff c1erk an(J or Defendant in such Action as the Case may be: Provided always, that Treasurer to every such Treasurer or Clerk, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise' by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his having been so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas by the said Act of the Fifth Year of the R gn of of "rllur His present Majesty, the Number of Tolls to be taken in one and the cueii, fame Day, for the passing of Cattle and Carriages through the several Turnpikes within the respective Divisions of Roads therein mentioned and dtscribed, was limited and reltrained: And wherea6 such Limitations and Restrictions, so far as the fame relate to the Passage of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, are, by the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, repealed: And whereas it is in and by the said last-memioned Ad provided, enacted, and declared, that no Person or Persons who should have paid the Tolls thereby and by the said Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, granted, for passing with any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, or Mule, not drawing, through any Gate or Turnpike set up by virtue thereof, or of the said former Act, between Wisbech Saint Peters and Tid Gote, should be subject and liable to pay more than One Half-penny for any further or other Toll on the same Day, at any other Gate or Turnpike set up between the said last-mentioned Places, for passing with the lame Horse, Mare, Gelding,

Afs, or Mule, but should be permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike, Gates or Turnpikes, upon Payment of an additional Sum of One Halfpenny, upon producing a Note or Ticket of his, her, or their having paid the Tolls by the said Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty, granted, at one of the said Gates or Turnpikes berween the respective Places last-mentioned, which Note or Ticket the Collectors were thereby required to give, gratis, on Receipt of the Tolls: And whereas all the before mentioned Limitations and Restrictions are found to be prejudicial to the said Roads be it therefore further enacted, That all the Limitations and Restrictions granted by the said Tceited Acts, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and that so much and such Parts of the said Acts, palfed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, as require the Collectors to give a Note or Ticket, gratis, or Receipt of any Tolls, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, no Note or Ticket shall be given by the Collectors of the Tolls at any of the Turnpikes, to pe>mit any Cattle or Carriages to pals or repass, Tull-free, through any other of the Turnpikes now ertded across the said Roads, but that full Payment of such Tolls as are

by

947* GEORG jfl IIL 'Sess.2. Cap. 52.

by the said former Act's or any of them, and this Act, directed to be taken,-shall be demanded and taken at each and every Gate or Turnpike erected' or to be erected upon or on either Sides of the said Roads, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, thall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Cattle,1 Bead, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame; which said Tolls, and every Part thereof, shall and may be demanded* collected,: recovered, applied, and disposed of in such Manner, and for such Uses,» Intents, and Purposes, as are directed by the said former Acts or any> of them, with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, but' subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Directions of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed: to extend, to empower the said Trustees or any of rhenn to increase the Number of Turnpike Gates now erected across the said respective Roads.

autocar?"* V. Provided always, and be it enacted,' That none of the Tolls hete-riagts gaffing by and by the said recited Acts authorised to be taken, for the passing wi'ib-c" and ° any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, or'other such Carriage, through Tid G u. the Gates or Turnpikes let up by virtue of ’this or the said former Acts,' shall be demanded or taken at more than one of the Gates or Turnpikes set up between Wijbe.b Saint Peters and Tid Gate or between bViJbech Saint Peters and Tretton Bridge, but every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, shall be permitted to pass Toll free through such other Gate or Turnpike, between the said Places, upon a Note or Ticket being produced of the Payment of Toll, for such Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, at any one' of the said Gates or Turnpikes between the said respective Places, which Note or Ticket the Collectors are hereby required to give giatis on Receipt of the Toll.

, ,.

VI. And be it further enacted, That over and above the Tolls granted

Toils. or by the said Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, the further Sum following shall be paid at each of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of the said Acts or either of them at which any Toll is or shall be payable by virtue thereof, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, Of any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; (that is to say) the additional Sum of Three Pence for every Cart or Carriage paying or liable to pay Duty as a Taxed Cart, which said Sum shall be paid before any such Cart or Carriage as aforesaid shall be permitted to pass through the said Turnpikes, and (had be demanded ana taken as a Toll, and shall be and is hereby vested in the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution; and the said additional Toll hereby granted, shall and m?y be demanded, recovered, levied, and assigned, in Manner diieded determined by and ur.der the Restrictions contained in the said Former Acts or any of them, with respect to the Tolls thereby granted, and shall be applied lor the Purposes therein and herein mentioned.

Tc.<on VIE And be it further enacted, That the Sums now payable for the

o*.iiar.<i Tolls on Oxen and Neat Cattle, Calves, Swine, Sheep, and Lambs, £rt.fton*’ (hal 1, immediately after the passing of this Act, be paid and payable at timie*» iov» each and every of the Turnpikes erected by virtue of the-paid Acts, t through which such Oxep or neat Cat tip,- Calves, Swine, Sheep, or vJ Lambs

47° GEORGII III. SdT. 2, Cap. 52.

Lambs shall pass: Provided nevertheless, that the saidlrustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and rrav, at any of their annua! Meeting?, lessen and reduce the Toils to be paid for Oxen and Neat Cattle, to any Sum or Sums of Money not less than one Half of the Sums now paid or payable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Exemptions from Toll mentioned and contained in the Paid fiift recited Act, except such as relate to the Payment of Tolls more than once a Day, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any loll Gate for any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, solely employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying and conveying, on the same Day, any Materials for repairing the said Roads or any of them, or any other Road in the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places in or through which the said Roads or any of them do pass, or in the Conveyance of any Lime, Dung, Soil, Manure, or Comped of any Kind, for the manuring of any Land, or in the ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or for any Ilotfe Cattle, Beall, or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only not fold or intended for Sale, but passing to be (lacked or laid upon the Lands or Grounds of the Owner or O a nets thereof, or in the Conveyance of any Hemp or Flax intended to be (lacked or laid up in the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, from the Lands on which such Hemp or Flax shall have been grown, to the Place where it shall be wretted, watered, or spread, and from thence to the Place where the fame is intended to be so Hacked or laid up as aforesaid, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in drawing any Plough, Harrow, or Implement of Husbandry for the repairing thereof; or for any Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture, or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Place for the washing of Sheep, or foranyplorfe going to be or returning from being (hoed; or of the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands in any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places in or through which the said Roads shall pass, or their Servants going to or from their said respective Lands, on the Business only of looking after such Lands, or the Stock or Crop upon the fame; or for any Waggons returning empty from any of the Fairs or Markets in TViJbech Saint Peters aforesaid, on the same Day on which such Fair or Market shall be held; or for any Horse or other Bead haling or drawing any Boat, Barge or other Vessel, or any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Earth, Wood, or other Materials, for the making, maintaining, or repairing any Bank, or other Work of the Corporation of Bedford Level, or for any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage employed as aforesaid; or for any Horse or other Bead employed in haling or drawing any Machine for deepening, roding, or cleansing any River or Drain adjoining or near to any of the said Roads, or for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, ridden by any Member, or by any Officer or Servant of the said Corporation, when a&ually employed in the Business of the said Corporation; or for any Cattle or Carriages employed by the Commissioners of Sewers for the Hundrrd ot Wijbccb and Pans adjacent, their Officers or Agents, as [Loc. Uf Per.'] u A ~ well

921

With Power for the Tr if. tees to reduce tile fame as to Oxen and Neat C-ttt.’e.

Form-r Ex-empnons from Tolls repealed.

O her Exemption granted.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2, Cap.$ 2.

well for the said Purposes as for the bearing, harrowing, cleansing, and scouring out any of their Rivers^or Drains within their Jurisdiction, or from any Person residing in any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated , or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in the Parish where any such Person or Persons shall reside; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miniderial Duty, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatsoever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes to their Place or Places of Settlement, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, Bead or Carriage, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Countii s of Cambridge and Norfolk, or either of them, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Two Days immediately before or on the Two Days immediately after such EleftiSn shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded Or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunic V Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shad be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner, claim and tade the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and shall and may be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any other Penalty may by the said former Acts or any of them be levied and recovered.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and Authorities in the said Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Hfs present Majesty, enabling the said Trustees to divert, turn, or alter the Couri'e or Lath of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, shall and may be used and exerciseJ tfor the Purpose of widening any Part or Parts of the said Roads, which it shall or may be found necessary or expedient to widen; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, to Contraft and agree with the Owners of, or Persons intereded in, any Lands or Hereditaments which may be wanted for the Purpose of widening the said Roads foe the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss

9*3

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. i. Cap. 52.

or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by widening of any P-irt or Parts of such Roads, in such and the same Manner, and under such and the fame Regulations and Restrictions, as by the Paid last-mentioned Act the Paid Ttudees are authorized to purchase or use Lands lor diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of the said Roads.

X. And whereas Part of the said Road, extending along a certain Bank *75t«7to* called Wisbech Southfide Bark, is narrow and inconvenient for the Passage pUrth»ie and cf Carriages $ and in order to make the fame of a proper Width, and ‘^'a‘1nown commodious for the Public, it is expedient that certain Mdfuages, Tene- Building ca ments, and Buildings Handing upon and adjoining near to the said

Bank, mentioned and described in the Schedule hereto annexed, should B»nk\or be taken down, and the Sites thereof, and certain Land occupied there- wid«ninstb« with or adjoining thereto, in the said Schedule also mentioned and def- Road' cribed, should be laid into the said Road; be it therefore further enacted That the said TruHees, or any Five or more of them, shall have fuH Power and Authority to purchase, pull down, remove, take, and make use of the IVeffuages and Buildings, Tenements, Land, and Hereditaments, described in the said Schedule, for the Purpose of opening and widening the said Road; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them as aforesaid, may make or cause to be made the said Improvement, in such Direction and of such Dimensions not exceeding Forty Feet in WTidth, and in such Manner as to them, or any Five or more of tlum, shall appear most proper and convenient.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either Mifn imers of the Premises mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed the Exroatfon or any of the Persons in whole Possession or Occupation the fame or any of the Act. Part thereof are or is Hated or described to be, or the Owner or Owners

thereof, shall happen to be misnamed or inaccurately described, such Misnomer or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the TruHees in the Execution of this Act; but the fame Premises, and every Part thereof, shall and may be used, fold, conveyed, disposed of, and applied to and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame or any Part thereof were more particularly described or named j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bodies Coporation, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, EcclesiaHical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate ot Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special Linds, &c. or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other TruHees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heiis and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of any infants, Wards, Femes

Covert, Cestuique Trulls, Lunatics, Idiots, or other incapacitated Persons, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any of the Messuages,

Buildings, Tenements, Land, or Hereditaments mentioned in the said Schedule, to contract and agree with the said TruHees, for the Satisfaction to be made to or for any Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may fuHain by widening, diverting, or turning the Course of such Road through the Ground on which the Messuages and Buildings mentioned in the said Schedule now Hand, or in or through any Land therein also

mentioned

924- 47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap.$2.

mentioned and described, and to sell and convey unto them, or an? Five or more of them, all or any of such Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Admini-stra ors. Guardians, Committees, Truste.s, Femes Covert, Cefluque Trusts, and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

meV°n-Mle

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Corporation or Per-

or V.com?'11 f°n> upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the pence in case Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person, cannot agree or r^e Pnnc'Pal Officer of such Corporation, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments described in the said Schedule, shall, for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in 'every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage and Reccmpence to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury ot Twelve indifferent Men of the JJlc of Ely , and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from 'lime to Time as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the Premises, which Oath any one of the said Trustees present is hereby empowered to administer j and they shall, by ordering a View Or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and assessed such Damage and Recompence they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the several Owners and other Persons interested in the said Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; which said Verdict, or Inquisition and Judgement, Order or Determination thereupon, shall be final, binding, and condusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absentas present, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, Cestuique Trusts, and Persons under any other Disabdity whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and Persons interested in such Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Land, or Hereditaments, shall upon Payment, or T.nder of the Money so assessed as aforesaid, be thereby from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, and to Tmy how to the fame; and for summoning and returning such Juries, the said b«lummonflit. Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are herthy empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Chief Bailiff of the Royal Franchise

of

925

47° GEORGII 111. Scil,2. Caf.52.

o( Ely, the Liberty of the Bishop of E!y, commanding him to impannel furnmon, and return Twenty-four indifferent Per forts out of the Laid Isle, qualified to iefve upon Juries, to appear before the said Ttuflees, or any live or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or V\ arrants shall be appointed; and the said Chief Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and aie hereby required to impanntil, summon, and re* turn such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Personsfo summoned, impannelled, and returned, c.v eut of such of them as shall appear upon tuch Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve to be drawn by Ballot out of the said Twenty four, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Persons so impannelled, the said Chief Bailiff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend- that Se'V'ce, who shall be l'worn in like Manner, until the Number of Twelve be completed, which Twelve shall be the Jury for the 6 aforesaid; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges agaiull any of the Lid Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impole any reaibn-able Fine or Fines on the said Chief Bailiff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or that shall refuse to-be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall Telufe to give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Perl'ms who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appealing shall refuse-to be-sworn and give Evidence, and from lime to Time to recover, levy, and apply the Fines, in the same Manner as any Fine or Fines, Penalty or Forfeiture, is by the said Acts or this Act authorized and directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, so that no such Fme shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds oa any one Person for one Offence.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid, is and are hereby charged upon the Monies which have bttn or shall be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and shall be paid thereout by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer, according to the Directions hereinafter contained, either into the Bank of England, or (as the Case may be) to the Persons respectively entitled thereto or their Agents; and if such Persons or their Agents cannot be met with, or upon Tender of such Money shall refuse to receive the same, then and upon Payment thereof, or in case upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Ttuflees, for the Use of the respective Persons entitled thereto, and Notice thereof in Writing, frgned by any Three or more of the said iruilees or their Treasurer, given to such Persons, or left at theirtefpec-tive usual Places ot Abode, such Messuager, Buildings, Tenements, Land, or Hereditaments shall by the said Trustees, their Surveyors or Workmen, be laid into and made Part of the said Road, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes, become and be a common Highway, and for ever afterwards be deemed Part of the said Road, and shall be repaired and kept in repair in such Manner as the old Road so widened, altered, or turned [Ler. is* Per.] n B was

HOW

is to be rajfti and paid.

926 ' 47° GEORG 11 HI. SelT.2. Cdp.^i,

was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after the said Road shall have betn (o widened, improved, and made complete, the Land not wanted for making the said Improvements, and the Lan i constituting the former Road, or such Part thereof as shall be useless or unnecessary f>r the Purposes of a publick or common Highway, shall be vested in, and shall and may be sold by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them , for the befl Price that can be gotten for the fame; and the Money urifing

by fitch Sale, shall be applied to the Repai s of the said Road, and other the Purposes of this Act; and the Conveyance to be made of such Land being executed by the mid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and inrolfed by the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely (for the Inrolment whereof such Clerk of the Peace shall not demand or receive any further or other Gratuity than the Sum of Two-pence per Folio) shall be . good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Owners of

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Offer of Land ufe/"1* f*le ^urc^a^e of any °ld Road, or of any Land not wanted for the for maiinga Purposes of this Act, shall be first made to the Owner of the adjoining thtfi 1° Land which shall be cut or used for the Putpole of widening, turning, oner of the or improving the said Road; and in case such Owner shall be deftrous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road or Land not wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall be still deftrous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and trie like Manner as the Price for any Buildings and Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act, is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and f ender of the Conveyance of such old Road or Land not wanted for the Purposes of this Act, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase any such old Hoad, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where such old Road or Land not wanted for the Purposes of this Act shall lie. Hating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed, or has refused to purchase such old Road or Land as last aforesaid (as the Case may be); and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or was refuled by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Land of Two or more Persons shall be taken for the Purp'1-fes of this Act, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is become unnecessary, and as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing and confe»t to take such old Road in exchange for

?27

47° GEORGII III.' Sess.2i Cap.

any Buildings or Land taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be law fulto and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to adure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Boi ks, and delivering to him, her, or them, a Copy of the Entry thereof, fiyned by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity: Provided always, that no Person shall act as aTrusteein any Caie relating to the contrafting for or purchasing of any of the Paid Messuage.% Buildings, Tenements, l ands, and Hereditaments, wherein he shall be particularly concerned or interested.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where a Vetdift shall be given for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Land, or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or Damage, than what shall have been previously agreed to or offered by ct on Behalf of the Paid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Lois or Damage as aforesaid, or (or less Money than shall be offered to be accepced or taken on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road or Land, not wanted for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning such Jury, and of taking such Inquest, shall be defrayed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money already raised or to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act; but if any Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for no more or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said lrustees, or any Five or mere of rhem, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the :ame or any more Money than shall have been offered, to be accepted or taken as the purchase Money for any such old Road or Land as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Inquests, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have had such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in question, and within whole Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorised and required to examine and settle the fame) and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so afltffed and adjudged, as so mi ch Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sums so act'effect and adjudged or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Treasurer or Cle k to the said Trustei s, by such Ways and Means as are by the said recited Acts, or either of them, provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby incurred: Provided always, that in ail Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason ot Absence, have teen prevented fretn treating with the said Trustees,

Tn’flee* in-

tuefted, Hot to enter info Contract for the r owl Premiers*

Bv who-n the E xpcrces of the Itiryare to be paid.

928

4 7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 52.

tees, such Costs and Charges shall be borne and paid by the said Truf' tees in Manner aforesaid.

P orl'cation o ' C- mpen fa-noney amounting to 200!.

XVII. And be it farther enabled, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts or this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account cx parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Dire don and with the Approbation of the said Court to be signified by an Older made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax or in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invef-ted, under the like Direction and Approbation or the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable ot taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be. Ibid.for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall.from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who wou'd for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money

than 1 oof agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-

and exceeding taments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-,tl- ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability

or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option o! the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his,

6 her.

9-9

47° GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. $2.

her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in ente of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner hereinbefore directed, or other wise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the 'lruttets for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in o'der that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Meaner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Cafebe applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo- nty fa agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be ,haa 20I.

Icfs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or i'ersons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rests and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposis of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trullees or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or therr Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit ,of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XX. And be it further en idled, That in case the Person or Persons to in c*/v ue _not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded fi.r the Purchase of out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of ‘ ’

the said_recited Acts or tilts Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or (hill not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees.: or in case the Person or l’erlons to whom any such ,o

Sum or Sums of Money shall be lo awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, caii^be or if the Person or Ptrfous entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here- tcund, dbameius, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it F C all and may be law ittl to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more m , to be of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as afore- rn mitoths i. id, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Ptivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, ro be placed to his A'ccount to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lards, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defer ibing th:nf\ subject to the Subject to tt:e Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which Or.tcrpi'tU* fain Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim chancery to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, i:i a luminary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall feetn meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the public!; Funds, and tc order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respectire Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such ot ;tr Order in the remifes as to the said Court shall seem just and re»fouab!e; and the Li'lhter or Cashiers of the Bank ci England, who shall receive such Sum or [_Loc. £? Per.] 11 C Sum

93°

Reflecting ii Touted

Court of Chancery to direct the Payment of Dxpences.

person? chargeable to Statute Work to continue fc.

Justices to determine

Differences touching Statute Work.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 52.

Sams of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipt! for furh Sum or Stints of Money, mentioning and specitying for what nd for whose U!e the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums ot Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title o' any Perl, n to any Money to be paid in'o the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Gene* ral of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Here-ttitainents to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unkfs it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Ellate or Interest therein.

t

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Acts as relate to the Peiformance of Statute Labor on the said Roads, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely or County of Norfolk, within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Surveyor, by Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the

dJ 5 respective

93i

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.

respedHve Parishes, Hamlets, or Places in which the said Roads do lie and "ho what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may.be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, Lifts of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, ate by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compensation for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with 1 earns or Draughts, or odierwife, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are. or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justiers shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also ord r and direCf the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be fufjedl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a C. mpofnion for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their lreafuier, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered , and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid after Notice in Writing given to cr left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Bealts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any W or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any, Team or Draught to work on the said Reads, shall be founci idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as it he had neglected or refuled to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Reads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of; ~ . th

932 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 52.

the highways For any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall refuie or wilful y neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or thill knowingly an wiiiultv give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor lo offending shall I r every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. ' 6

Tn it - m y

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to i sane 3nd for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at their first

Workl Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, and at their General

Annual Meetings afterwards, but not otherwise, to compound and agree with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and in all or any of the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places in which the said Roads are firuate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year, or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Monies shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, on or befuie the Twenty-liinth Day of September in each and every Year.

For rrrver.t-.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, ftfthcRuadsJ without sufficient Cause, leave any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, or any Plough or Implement of Ilufbandry (except pnly ciuring such reasonable Time as such Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage shall be loading or unloading) upon or on either Side of the said Roads, he, file, or they so offending in either of the Cases aforesaid, shall, on Conviction before any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely oi County of Norfolk, within whose jurisdiction such Offence or Offences shall b- committed, on the Evidence of one or more credible Witiiefs or Witnesses forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Waggon, Cart, Carriage, Plough, or Implement of Ilufbantiry so le't; and the said Justices for the said Isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, or any of them within their respective Jurisdictions, are and is hereby required to take Cognizance of such several Offences, and to proceed to Conviction accordingly; and on Non-payment of such Penalty, to levy the same by Distress and bale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, in such Manner as Distresses and Sales for Forfeitures and Penalties are by the said former Acts or any of them authorized and directed to be made; and in case sufficie.nt Diltrcfs (bail not be found, or such Penalties shall not be forthwith paid, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the b id Isle or County, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and all reasonable Charges shall be looner paid.

t- ,rfr

XXVI. And whereas Part of the said Roads which are made upon n-VnVoh " e (he Ba ki of the River Nine or Nen, and of the River running through H'«iY’7he *he Pari (lies of Otittuell, StowBardolph, and Down bam, have of late Years impound, been considerably damaged and rendered dangerous and unsafe, by Persons driving Catrle down die Banks of the said Rivers to water, and also by Cattl (Laying ro the said Rivers to drink; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Horse, Cow, Beast

or

933

47° GEORGII III. SeR: 2. Cap. 52.

or other Cattle, shall at any Timebe driven ot be found straying down the Banks of the said Rivers, or otherwise trespassing on or damaging the Banks of the said Rivers, upon or adjoining to which any Part of the said Roads are situated, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to seize and impound such Horse, Cow, Beaff, or other Cattle, in the common Pound of the Parish or Place wheTe the fame shall be driven or be found straying, trespassing, or doing Damage as aforesaid, or in such other Phce as the said Trustees thall appoint, and the fame there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof thall for each Horse, Cow, Beast, or other Cattle impounded, pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Trustees, towards the Purposes of this Act, and also the Sum of One Shilling to the Person impounding the fame, beftdes the reasonable Charges and Expeners of impounding and keeping the fame; and in case the said Sums, Charges, and Expences shall not be paid within Seven Days after such impounding, it shall be lawful for the Pound Keeper, or such other Person as shall be appointed by the said Trustees for that Purpose giving Seven Days previous Notice of the intended Sale to the Owner or Owners of such Horse, Cow, Beast, or other Cattle, or if the Owner or Owners thereof cannot be found, within Three Days after advertising the fame in some publick Newspnpers usually circulated in the Jle cf Ely and County of Norfolk, to fell or cause the same to be sold; and the Money arising from such Sale, after deaufting the said Sums, and the Charges and Expences aforesaid, and of such Notice and Sale, shall be paid to the said Treasurer, to be by him paid to the Person whose Property the Horse, Cow, Bead,or other Cattle so fold, shall appear to have been or belonged.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of continuing the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present r»

Majesty, as relate to Downbam Bridge, and the Exemptions from Toll ut Downturn thereby granted to the Inhabitants of Downham aforesaid, and the Pay- frora Ton at ments in lieu thereof, shall be and the same are hereby continued, for and Bodge.1"1 during the Term b\ this Act granted.

XXVIII. And whereas many Disputes have arisen with respect to the R sgu’ating Exemptions meant to be allowed by the said recited Acts to the Inhabi- ^1'ejjutu.re tants of the said Parish of Downbam; In order therefore to prevent and to^iU^bit- obviate all such Disputes in future, be it further enacted, That the Inha- ar-t£0* bitants of the Parish of Downbam aforesaid (who for the Time being shall occupy any Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, and in respect thereof, be assessed to and pay towards the Rates and Assessments made for the Repairs of the Highways in the said Parish) their own Servants, Cattle and Carriages, and other Carriages carrying their own Goods only, upon Payment during the continuance of this Act, of the Yearly Sum of Ten pounds, by the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty directed to be paid by the Bridge-Reeves of Downbam Bridge to the said Trustees, shall and may at all Times pass and repals through the lurnpike Gates within the said Parish of Downbam, without paying any Toll lor passing and repassing through the fame: Provided always, that no Person but a resident Householder, a (felled as aforesaid, shall rLer, is? Per. it D hereafter

934-

Inhabitants of Downturn not to be exempt from Statute Duty

Clause rejecting Mr. Ibbott's and 'Mr. Barley’s Securities.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 52.

Tiereafter be considered or construed anlnhabitant of the said Parish entitled to the Privilege aforesaid, nor shall the Person or Persons entitled to the Exemptions aforesaid be permitted to carry the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of any other Person or Persons, not being a resident Householder or resident Householders, in the said Parish alfelfed as aforesaid, Toll-free through the said Turnpike Gates; but such Person or Persons, so carrying the fame, shall be liable to pay the cultomaiy Tolls in the same Manner as if they were carried by any Person or Persons, not entitled to the Privilege or Exemption aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of the Exemption aforesaid, not bting entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied in such Manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties are by the said recited Acts, or any of them, directed to be applied; and the said last-mentioned Forfeitures and Penalties shall be recovered and recoverable in such Manner as the said other Forfeitures and Penalties are by the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty directed ?o be recovered.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts, or any of rhem, or this Act contained, fhatt extend or be condrued to extend to exempt the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate in the said Parish oiDawn-ham, from Performance of Statute Work or Payment of Compofuion Money in lieu thereof.

XXX. And whereas Eduard Adams and John Adams, late of March aforesaid, Gentlemen, both now deceased, did some Time since lend and advance Three several Principal Sums of One hundred Pounds upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, and the fame were secured with Intertd by Three several Indentures of Assignment of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, which said several Indentures of Assignment were marked or numbered to, it, and 12, and were respectively dated on dr about the Tenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six: And whereas the said several Indentures of Assignment, and the several Sums of Money thereby secured, are,by virtue of divers mesne Alignments and Acts in the Law, now vetted in John Ibbot, of March aforesaid, Esquire, and Daniel Barley of the same Place, Gentleman, in equal undivided Moieties, as appears by the Entries of the said original and mefrie Alignments in the Books belonging to the said Trustees: And whereas the said Three several Principal Sums of One hundred Pounds now remain due and owing, with an Arrear of lnrerett, to them the said John Ibbot and Daniel Barley in equal Moieties ps aforesaid but the said Three fereral original Assignments are lost or mislaid; be it therefore enacted, That the said John Ibbot! and Daniel Barley, their Executors, Administraton, and Aligns, shall and may have such and the like Remedies for recover ing and enforcing Payment of the said Three several Principal Sums of 'One hundred Pounds, and the Inter eft due and to grow due for the iaine, and such and the like Powers of aligning and transferring the said Tolls

and Duties, and the Principal Monies and Interest secured by the said 'Three several original Indentures cf Alignments, as they or either of them

might

935

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. $2.

might or could have in case the said original Alignments were in their or either of their Custody or Pofllflion; and that the said John Ibbotl and Daniel Barley, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall indemnify and lave haTmless the said Trustees and every of them, their and every of their Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels, and the Revenue of the said Roads, of and from all and all Manner of Losses, Charges, Claims, and Demands which can or may happen to them or any of them, by reason of the Payment to them the said John Ibbott and Daniel Barley, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of the said Three several principal Sums of One hundred Pounds, or the Intereif of the fame or any Part thereof, without producing and delivering up the said original Alignments, or any Transfer or Alignment made cr to be made of the Securities thereby granted.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and such of the Owners for the Time being of certain Lands in Waldersea as have contributed to the Repairs of the Bank from Hamlyn’s Gull to Tower House, and the Commilicners of Sewers for the Hundred of Wisbech and Parts adjacent, shall severally, from and after the Expiration of the said former Acts, and dming the Continuance of this Act raise and pay the respective Sums of Money following; (videlicet) the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, shall pay or cause to be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty Pounds; and the Owners for the Time being of such Lands in Waldersea, as have contr buted to the Repairs of the said Bank, the Sum of Thirty Pounds; which respective Sums of Money shall by the said Trustees be applied towards the Support and Mai.ntainance of the said Bank from Hamlyn’s Gull to Tower House aforesaid, and to no other Purpose whatsoever; and that the Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being lor the Hundred of Wisbech, and Parts adjacent, shall annually raise and pay the Sum of Thirty Pounds, to be applied by the said Trustees from Time to Time in supporting the Bank cal ed The Southjide Bank; and that the said several and respective Annual Sums of Money, hereby directed to be paid by the said Governor, Bail ffs, and Commonalty, the Owners of the said Lands in IValder sea, and the said Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall be in lieu and instead of the Payments by the said former Acts, or any of them, directed to be made by them, and be ratfed, paid, and recoverable at such Times, and applied in such Manner, are mentioned in the said Act of the Seventh ear cf Hi; present Majesty, concerning the several and respective Annual Sums of Money thereby directed to be paid by them respectively: Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nothing in the said recited Ach, cr any of them, or this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate on the South Side of Wisbech River, or in Waldersea, from Perrormance of Statute Work, or Payment of Composition Money in lieu thereof.

XXXII. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That the said Trustees should and might, and they were determined by the said now reciting Act reauired Yearly and every 1 ear, after the Expiration ot Five Years from the passing of the said la lb-mentioned Act, by and out of the Tolis, to deduct and set

apart

Certain Coi* trunnions to be made to-w:rds the Repairs of the Wilder* sea and Southfide Banks.

For paying off innuaLf 1501. of the principal Monies due on Mortgage.

47° GEORGII III. SciT.2. Cap. 42.

apart the Annual Sum of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds at least to be applied for and towards Payment of the Principal Monies borrowed under the said Act, in such Manner as in the said now reciting Act is mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said last-mentioned Act as relates to the paying olf the said Sum of One hundred and Twenty-five Pounds annually, in part of the said Principal Monies, should be repealed, and that such Sum of Money as will be a I'ufficient Compofnion to pay for Three Shares of Fifty Pounds each in every Year, during the continuance of this Act, of the Principal Money no.;v due on the Credit of the Tolls, should be set apart for that Purpose, and be applied in the Manner herein-after directed; be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said last-mentioned Act as requires the said Trustees to deduct and set apart the annual Sum of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds, for the Purposes of paying off such Principal Money as aforesaid, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Expiration of the first Year from the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required, to pay out of the Monies to be collected by virtue of this and the said recited Acts such Sum and Sums of Money as may be agreed to be accepted by any Person or Persons, being Creditors on the said Tolls, as a Com-pofirion and Satisfaction of his, her, or their Share of Fifty Pounds; according to the Stipulation after-mentioned j (that is to say) the said Trustees shall Twenty-one Days at ieaft before the General Meeting in each and every' Year, cause publick Notice to be given in fonie one or more Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the Counties of Cambridge, Norfolk, and Lincoln, that a Composition will be paid for Three Shares of Fifty Pounds each to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Tolls, as shall Be willing to accept the smallelt Composition for his, her, or their Share or Shares, and requiring such Creditors to iranftnit Propofais in Writing sealed up to the Trustees at the said Meeting, specifying therein the lowelt Rate per Centum which such Creditor or Creditors will accept and take for each and every Share of Fifty Pounds, not exceeding Three which he, she, or they may have due and owing on the said l olls (which said Propofais shall as Icon after the Hour of Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day of the said Meet Ihg as convenient, be publickly opened by the Clerk to the Trustees at the said Meeting); and the Creditor or Creditors, whose Propofais shall specify the lowest Rate per Centum which he, she, or they will accept and take for all or any of the said Shares of Fifty Pounds intended to be paid off, shall have the Preference, and be paid such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they may be willing to accept for the fame, by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, at the Expiration of one Calendar Month next after fuch1 Meeting, with all Interest then due for the fame; and if Two or more of the said Creditors shall deliver in Propofais at the fame Meeting, for accepting a Composition for any foeh £>iiare or Shares at an equal Rate per Centum, then and in such Case,if (halt be forthwith determined by Lot, to be fairly drawn by the Clerk to the said Trustees, to which of the said Creditors Preference shall be given in Payment of such Compcfitlon or Compositions, and the Creditor or Creditors having the calling Lot shall be paid his, her, or their Compofnion, at the Time and in manner herein-before mentioned; but if there shall not be any Propofais delivered in at the said Annual Meetings, or any of them, by any of the Creditors for accepting any such Composition as aforesaid, "for hig her, or their Share or Shares,

937

47° GEORGII IM. Ecu. i. Cup.yp.

to the Amount of One hundred and fifty Pounds,; at a less Rato th'.n the full Amount of the Principal Monies due to him,- her, or them, gp. the said lolls, then and in such Cale, but tiot oditurwiic, the Mode, by Lottery prescribed in the said Atf of the 1 wenty-iixib i t ar < f his j>resent Majesty's Reign shall be adopted by the said ! riilfees, for paying the Suin of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds recording to the Directions of the said Iafl-mentioned Act, or such Pait thereof lor which noPropolals shall be made as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And whereas by the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Yr?r of the Reign of ITis present Majesty, after reciting, that by the said Act. of the Fifih Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enabled, That William Grant and Sarah his Wife should by Indenture under their Hands and Seals, grant and demise certain prescriptive Payments or Toll-, taken by them for the Passage ot Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, through a Bar or Toll Gate set up at Chatteris Ferry, adjoining to or communicating with the Road intended to be repaired by the said Act, and also the Toll House and Toll Gate belonging to them, and the Scite, Ground, and Soil of the lame, with the Appurtenances, to the said Trustees, at the yearly Rent, and subject to the Agreement in the said Act specified; and also reciting, that Thomas Grant Fanner, was then entitled to the said Tolls, Duties, Toll House and Toll Gate, Scitr, Ground, and Soil thereof, with the Appurtenances, subject to the aforesaid Lease, and had agreed to demise the lame, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, for the Purposes of the now reciting Ad, upon the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, it is enacted, That it should be lawful for the said Thomas Grant, and he was thereby required at any Time after the passing of the now reciting Act to deraile the aforesaid Tolls'and Premises to the Trustees during the Continuance of the now reciting Ad, upon the Terms and Conditions therein expressed: And whereas the said Thomas Grant is now entitled to the said Tolls and Premises, subject to a certain Lease granted thereof in pursuance of the said fall recited Act, and has agreed to demise, assign and make over the fame, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, for the Purposes of this prefi nt Ad, upon the Terms and Cond'uions hereinafter mentioned: Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Thomas Grant, or his Heirs, and he and they is and are hereby requited at any Time after the passing of this Act, by Indenture under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to grant, demise, lease, allign, or make over the said Tolls, Toll House, Toll Gate, and Scite, Soil, Ground, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, to the said Tiuf-tees, to be held and enjoyed by them from and after the Expiration of the Hid recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for and during the Continuance of this present Act, at and under the yearly F-ent of One hundred and sixty Pounds, payable in like Manner, and under the like Covenants, Provisoes, and Agreements, as are mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of and concerning the Lease or Demise thereby directed to be granted by the said William Grant and Sarah his Wife.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for all Money which shall be advanced from Time to lime for that Purpose, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by \_Loc. lit Per.'] n E virtue

F'-r renewal of ti e L< afe

from Mr. Grant of Crrittw 9 ferry.

For paying tic Exp* net % of the Ad*

93§

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Contimi incc of this Act

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 52.

virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act in preference to all ocher Payments v.hatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Pu hek Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Add tions, and Amendments in this Act contained) and this Act, shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

sdj be L'tsY Tl- ’ - "T

Jbafi «t,‘! IQ /ini'., /! ' J- '*’* '

isnjju.8 k> 'iv.q

srit 1o tp l it 3tf) O'

>d miiT/lonoi yd) n, { *'. j

gain bn.Y but fj&butl

Jisdofl W'x. { ni , v, ;.i - t q

irnii flvi doL uifel. dh* nh tq xn

7/ , uru/r- t - 111. ,f1 /1! j. 10 -

arij gmiiiobj^ybvj;) ,bj,.Y

Amtell nurfJ isij 1#; ji Mi- 1. rJ tdieofs

r

hi . j - *.l, to

u '"cC jinan

' :nM<tvk bn: \

The

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2.( Cap. 52. 939

': Jhil tdi 1; j 10 ^JjA lutnoi lafil aril lo suJiiv

a nit bo* ls;oai bit.1 stij lo liboiO axil noqu Lwoiroci to bsliti

sin^I i>. 10 lie oi siAjarobrq id

The SCHEDULE to which this Aci refers.

' ‘«i ' - r - rLio i _ ,« il# »d

I

On and adjoining to the Bank called Wisbech Southfide Bank:

: j'" ..'; - . - .; ,... rv

A Stable or Hovel near the South Side Bar, (landing on Land bea longing to Dame Ma'y Eire, in the Occupation of James Delew.

Two Cottages or Tenements, and Gardens adjoining, severally belonging to the said Dame Mary Eyre and the Reverend Anthony Reynolds,

Clerk, in Tenure of V\ idow Scorah and others.

A Messuage, Barn, Out-buildings, and Farm Yard adjoining, the Property of the said Dame Mary Eyre, in the Occupation of Peter Beck.

A Cottage or Tenement, and Garden thereto belonging, the Property of John Johnson and Mary his Wife, or one of them, in Tenure of Thomas Newman or his Undertenant.

A Stable or Hovel, and Land adjoining, the Property of Samuel Roope, and in his own Occupation.

A Barn, Hovel, and Farm Yard belonging to the Trustees of the late Mrs. Elizabeth Wright’s Charity, in the Occupation of William Beales.

A Messuage or Farm House, Barn, Buildings, and Yard adjoining the Property of the said Dame Mary Eyre, in Tenure of Robert Newlham.

A Cottage or Tenement, the Property of the said John JohYon and Mary his Wife, or one of them, in Tenure of William Beales.

A Messuage or Farm House, Barn, Yard, and Garden adjoining, the Property of Charles Metcalfe, in Tenure of the Widow Barker.

A Messuage, Cottage or Farm House, Barn, Buildings, and Yard adjoining, the Property of the Reverend Bartholomew Edwards, in Tenure of Charles Chequer.

A Cottage or Tenement, Outbuildings, and Yard or Garden adjoining, late the Property of Alexander Wilkin fen, in Tenure of William Scoular.

A Messuage or Farm House, Cottage, Barns, Stables, and other Buildings, Yards, and Garuen thereto adjoining, late the Property of George Compiene, and now of Robert Reynold! , andir. the Occupation of the said George Compigne and Robert Reynoldson, or one of them, their or one ot th-ir Undertenants or Undertenant.

Such Parts of Three several Cottages or Tenements, with Hovels or Buddings, Yards or Gardens thereto adjoining, now in the several Occupations of John Ptaifon, Robert Ilett, and the Widow ioewitt, or their Undertenants, as are the Property of the said John Pearion, and of John Swinton, and the Widow Hew.t;, respectively*

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Exce.lent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SeflT 2.

w*

Cap. 53.

An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of Two A As, of the Third and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth in the same County.

[1 ViAuguJl 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Adij or amending and widening 3 G 3 c jW the Reads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County ’ And whereas jjG-j, c. 114; an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His laid Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widen ng the Roads from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the C 'Unty of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed consideraole Sums ot Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts, which (fill remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term cranted and continued determined by the-said Acts is revived and further con-[£».&?*-.] 11 F ' turned.

942

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 53.

tinued, and some of the Powers and Provifnm thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said last mentioned Act should be inertafed: May it therefore please your Majesty that it m^y he-NjaQrd; 'and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lo-d> Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Tire raid Arts the Autl&rity of the fame. That the said Acts pafll-d in the Fouith and tinuedhCCn" Twenty4»fih Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty; and all and every the Gtaulcs, Power., Auth-rrities, PtoviGons, Regulations, Renal-ties, Fo'fcitures, Matters, and Things therein icfpedlively contained, and which where in force immediately before the Expi ation of the said Term (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except so much and 4ueh Part or Parts thereof as are by this Act repealed) shall be and the same are hereby declared to be revived and in full Force and Effect^ and shall continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed fot an^during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to aiJ’ JrttenttandPur^oses, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the B idy of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the passing of rhis Act; and this Act, and the Additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said ftdts, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now ertbted or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, as also to the Payment of all Sums . of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act,

and of the Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively-

Additirn .1 Tiuttees.

A£i« alid, dcinni-he

t8 for

IE And be it further enacted, That Livingston Bcotb Cterk, James Bull the younger, Edward Ccode the younger, Ralph Allen Daniel, Francis Enys, John JFnys, George Croker Fox, George Croker Fox the younger, Robert iFire FSx, Robert iVcre Fox junior, George Fox, George Fox junior, Thomas iFdte F,ox, ^Edward Groat kin of Kelliou, Davies Giddy, John Gould the younger, John Francis Howell Clerk, Thomas Kevill, James Kevill Qleik, Charles Lemon, Stephen Luke, James Moor, Samuel Vincent Pryce, JohS\ Rogers Clerku-Hugh Rogers Clerk, Jo/fph Richards Clerk, John Richards Clerk, William Richards, Charles Rajhleigh, William Reynolds, Edward' IVUlsimSuukhouse, John Stona the younger, John Trey an: on, Rurneli Bettejivort'o Trevanion, John Herle Txemayne, San.uel Trege'lles, Samuel Trigelles the younger, James Vivian Tippet, Charles Edward Tip-. pet, StsphenDJitcke, John Williams, John V/illtam junior, Michael Williams, Paul IViltam, and Wilhan: V/arrni, qualified in the Manner directed by the fatclftTit recited Act, shall be uddc I to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the fame into Execution <, anc the Trustees herein nominated and their Successor* ato hereby empowered to act in the Execution thereof, and of this Act, awfully and eftedlually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees by-the said recited Acts, j: i

r/IUfc Aodl.be it further enacted and declared, That all Acts, Matters, and’Things, which, since-the Expiration of the Term of the said recited Acts* have been done by the Trustees for executing the said Acts, or anji of the®, or by any Collector of the Tolls, or ocher Officer or Person 14. acting

943

47° GEORGII III. Sect.2. Cty.53.

aiding under them, touching or in anywise relating to the amending, widening, or repairing the said Roads, or in the Exercise orsupposed Exercise of any of the Powers or Provisions contained in the said Acts, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Term of the said recited Acts had not expired; and that the said Trustees, and also the several Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers and Persons employed by them, are hereby indemnified for having acted in the Collection or Receipt of the said Tolls, or otherwise relating to the said Roads, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as they would have been if the said Acts had remained in full Force and Effect.

IV. And whereas the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts have been found insufficienc; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, the said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permirttd to pass through any Gate or Turnpike now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, or on any Part thereof, such Tolls as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint, no: exceeding the several and respective Sums herein-after mentioned; (that is to say),

For every Iiorfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, (except Oxen),

drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For every Chaise, Gig, or other Carriage of the like Drscription, drawn by a fTgle Horse, the Sum of Sixpence; and if drawn by Two Horses Nine-pence: ,

For every Yoke of Oxen drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, laden or unladen j and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-ptrce Halfpenny per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater cr left Number.

Which said several and respective Tolls hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and M ans, and with Lch. Powers, Provisions, Remedies, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said Acts respecting the Tolls thereby or by either of them authorized to be taken.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may and they are he ebv authorized and empowered to cause to be demanded and taken at all and every the said Gates and Turnpikes, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in the preceding Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Sunday Night) Double the Tolls which shall for the Time being be authorized

to

For repealing former T' lls and granting new ones.

ToUs,

Trustees emr powered to take a Sunday's TolU

944

Trustee* to ▼ary the Toils.

Tickets at certain Gate* tot>e exempt at other*.

Carri?ges having Wheels, the Fellies whereof shall deviate more than Half an Inch from a Flat Surface shall not he drawn w.th a greater Number of Kojfes than are allowed by the General Act to Carriages having Wh els lets than Six Inches broad.

47° GEORGII III. SeT 2. Cap. 53.

to be collected on any other Day, under or by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to reduce, vary, or alter all or any or either of the several Tolls aforesaid, as they shall think proper and fee Occasion, and to railethe lame again, provided they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls granted by this Act, and provided such Reduction be with the Consent of Five-Sixth Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of such Tolls.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a Ticket at Terrill’s Gate shall exempt born Toll Cattle and Carriages parting through Comfort, Pengreep, and Water Gate, on the same Day; and io likewise a Ticket at Water Gate shall exempt from Toll Cattle and Carriages passing through Terrill’s, Comfort, and Pengreep Gate; and also a Ticket at Comfort Gate shall exempt from Toll Cattle and Carriages passing through Water Gate, Merrill’s Gate, and Pengreep Gate on the same Day; and lo hkcwilc a Ticket at Pengreep Gate shall exempt from Toll'Caule and Carnages parting through Terrill’s Gate, Water Gate, and Comfort Gate, on the same Day; and that Horses or Mules, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages having parted every or any Toll Gate erected or to be erected, upon the said Ro*d, and returning laden with other Goods or Passengers in the same Day, shall pay Toll again.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenfy-

ninth Day of September next after the passing of this Act, no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage (except such as shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Exemptions hereinafter contained) having any Wheel the Tire upon the Sole or Bottom of the Felly whereof, or having any Drag, or Thing used as a Drag, the Sole or Bottom whereof shall de viate respectively more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface, or although it should not deviate more than Half an Inch therefrom shall not rife as nearly as may be with an equal and regular Gradation from the Edges thereof to the Centre, shall pal's or be drawn on any of the said Roads with a greater Number of Horses than are allowed to Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages respectively, having the Soieor Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of lef- Breadth than Six Inches, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One API of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Pari of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; and the Owner and Driver of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage shall, from and after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the passing of this Act, for every Offence against the Provisions aforesaid, be respectively tubjeft to the several Penalties imposed by the said Act on the Owner or Driver respectively of Carriages drawn by more than the Number of Horses therein limited to such Cani3gcs respectively; which said Penalties shall and may be recovered in the same Manner and under the fame Restrictions and Limitations as the Penalties imposed by the said Act may be recovered.

ir; And

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 53: 9+5

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Tell shall be demanded or Exemption*, received for any Hoile, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Caniage going for, or teturning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing any Road or Highway, or in the Carriage of any Dung, Mould, Soil, Salt,

Sand, or Cun poll of any Kind for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle that shall be used or employed in the ploughing, sowing, tilling, cr cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen, or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood, not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof; nor for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Husbandry; cr for any Hoise or other Bead or Cattle drawing or carrying the fame, in order for the repairing thereof, or ul'ng the fame in Husbandry; ot for any Horse or ether Beast or Cattle going to or returning from Wa-er or Pasture, or going to be or returning from being fhced or farried, which shall not in so going or returning pass upon any of the said Roads for more than the Space of Two Milrs; cr for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefics under the Authority of His Majesty's Pi.ftmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, cr guarding the lame, or in returning bark frein conveying the fame, cr for the Horlcs of Soldiers on their March cr on Duty, or Carriages, or H >rfes or other Beasts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of f ich Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mare, or GJding fumished by or for ar.y Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or leturning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Ekercif^ provided such Personsare in the Uniform of their resprefive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time cf claiming such Exempt on , or for any Carriage, H irfe, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance cf Vagrants , travelling with hgal Pufies; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church,

Chapei, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Chr '-Jimas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Pctfon dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning f om visiting any sick Person, cr upon other his parochial or ministeria! Duty on a Sunday, or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or on any other Day on which Divine S:rvice is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor shall any Toll be demanded cr taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Beilin, Chariot,

Calash, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knighc or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Cornwall, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the said Toils, or any Part thereof, shall be [Hoc. (*? Per.~\ ix G evaded.

Collect era of Tolls, &c. to be competent Witnesses.

Mortgagees taking FofleffJon of Gates to account with the other Mortgagees.

TrnfUes may fueandPefue^ in the Name of their Cltik or Treasurer.

Directing the Application of the Money paid for Compensatlcn for Lands, ice. when amounting to or ex-cteding aool.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. sp

evaded, every such Person shall, fer every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceedin'! Forty Shillings, whereof one Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Abb and of this Abf.

X. And be it funher enabled, That in case any Difpure, Suit, or Litigation shall srife touching or in any wise relating to the Toils by the said recited Ablor this i\bt authorized to be collected, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collebt the fame, or any other Person or Persons siting by or uuiler the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by rtafon of his, her, or their being so appointed to coilebt the said l olls, or ailing under the Authority of the hid Trustees.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Creditor shall recover or get PofLfiion of any of the Toll Gates, and TollsJ to be collected by virtue of the said former Acts or this Acr, he shall oe deemed a Trustee for the Benefit of Himself and all the R<-ftof the Creditors in equal Degree, and shall account for and pay all the Monies he shall so receive among all the Creditors, or to such of them as are willing to receive the same, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money advanced by them respectively upon the Credit of the said Tolls or any Part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtoe rr on account of the said Acts or of this Acr, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of fuel: Clerk or Treasurer, without the Cmlent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of then), but the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Cate shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecutecl, or defended, in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arile by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Cults, Charges, Damages, and Elxpences, as by the Event or any such Proceedings he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reaibn of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased. taken, cr ufeci, by virtue of the Powers of the said Acts, or either of them, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any D.fability or Incapacity, as in the Lid first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truflers for executing the said Acts and this Acr, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a

Petition

947

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 53.

Peti:ion to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Perfort* who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Dcbr or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments, Handing feuled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the Lid Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like TJles, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Tirr.e being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land?, Test men s, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money When left

so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, pur- than *°°hand chafed, taken, or uftd for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging ex:ced‘ns lo1* to any Corporation, or to’ arty Person or Persons under any Disabilicy or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Case? the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, or Hereditament, to purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Wridngunder their respective Hands, be paid imo the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before di-reded, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herdn-before di-reded, so far a? the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Ditedion or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, When left so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less tlui1»*

than

Ivi case of not making out Titles j

or if Persons

cannot be found, purchase Money to he paid into the Bank }

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancei y on Motion or Petition.

47° GEORGfl lit. Self.2. Cap.S3-

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Ul'td of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the Paid Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any f ive or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Pfeifons lo entitled respectively.

XVI. And be it further crafted. That in ca'e the Person or Persons to

whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfadi mof the said Truliecs, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or ciifcovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Monry so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery , which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Prcc eding, or otherwise as to the fame Court fhr.il seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Fund', and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Pc<f ,ns making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reaf mable; and the Cafhirr or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ul'e the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Upon ary

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise

Title to\°e touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank

Money Co to of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General !onsU?ea?n" ^ourt Chancery, in pursuance of the said Acts, or either of VofTession t" them, or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heretic deemed dilaments, to be purchaLd in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Ar.-

the Money. nuities to be purchased with such Monies, or to the Dividends or Interest of

any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been inPoflcffion of the Lands. Tenements,or Hereditaments, at the Timeof such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed anti taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments*

949

47ft GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Ca^.53.

diraments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the S tisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dispo ed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Pcffelfion was a wrongful Possession, and that feme other Person or Persons was or \ycre lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein,

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by Thefmerrea Reason' of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Cor- fonaeir Exportion entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be piirchafed by the said Trustees under the Authority of the said Acts or p.Td'by the' this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame, shall be required to be paid Trusteet. into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Puahafes from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together wich the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such O der, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, wl;o shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such PurpoFs, as the said Court shall direct.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall perr s be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards re- ch.r.cible pairing and amending the Roads by the said Acts or either of them \v0ik to'con-directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, hail tiauc to dill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and J at c s 10 may be lawful to and for any Two or mare Justices of the Peace for the j*

said County of Ciriftpall, and they are hereby required and empowered, to.ithinc sta. upon Application made to them by the said Trustee', or by their Clerk luteWotk. or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Parc or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the resprft ve Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion or the Monty received the Sui'veyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Comcofition for such Statute Wotk as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways f:r every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justce*, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days atrer the serving of such Summons}, of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Plate, are by La* subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or tea the Payment of any Money in lieu cf or as a Composition for such Statute Work, dist.nguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Litis cf Names shall be made in such Manner, and under Imh Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs o( thepubhek Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices fh.ilt and may allot, appoint, and [Ltc. isfJPer.^ 11 H order

95 47° Georgii hi. seir. 2. Cap. 5i.

order such and to many of the Pe-I'ons who shall appear to be subject and )i >bie t do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do lucl) Number of Days Statute Work in eve y Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, ami the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hav-Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, dirrd, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and clired the Persons who by such Lilts shall appear to be subject;, and liable to the Pa.ment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Vtork as aforesaid, to pay Inch Proportion thereof as the said Justices It all think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or limes a they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and S ite of the Goods and Ghatte’s of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in Fite Manner as any Penalty is by the said lirft recited Act author’zed or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall r.ewltd or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, ^fter Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lad or usual Piace or Places of Abode, for that Purposr, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts!, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repair of the pubhek High* ways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid and in that Cafe every such Person shall b- subject and liable to the respective forfeitures and Payments af jresaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the Lid Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refule or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

For removing

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride upon

Annoyan.es, any Footway adjoin’ng to the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any such Foccway; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the Lid Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, ur shall suffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber, or Stone, which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the Lid Roads shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge-Backings, or Copse, on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise,

i z Waggon,

951

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 53.

Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, upon the said Roads, shall not keep his Carriage on the less or near Side of the said Roads; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him, her, or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise,

Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person or Persons shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or (had let fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket,

Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Parc or Parts of the said Roads, or within Forty Yards of the fame; or if any Person shall, without sufficient Cause, leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame), in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung,

Manure, Soil, Rubbith, or other Matter, or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending fh ill, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and For paying Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act,

and all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be advanced, botroved, or lent for Payment of the fame, and all Intered to grow due thereon, shall be paid out of the fird Money which shall arise or be received by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Publick Act, taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Acts shall be and the T*rm*nd fame are hereby declared to be revived, and that this Act shall com- Act* mence upon the passing thereof, and shall, together with the said Acts, continue and be in Force and be executed for and during the further Term

of Twenty-orie Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan*

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SeiT 2.

t*

Cap. 54.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an A£, of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from Cambridge to Rvyjion, in the Counties of Cambridge and Essex. [1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was p.iffed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His p efent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing 33°-3 the Reads from tie Town of Cambridge, to a Place called Long Leys, and from tbcsaid Town of Camb’idge to Royston, in the Counties of Cambridge aitaff. flex: And whereas great Progress hathbeen made in repairing and improving the said Road', and several con fi Jet able Sums of Money have been borrowed, and aie now due and owing on the Credit of the fame, and of tire Tolls authorift-d to be taken thereon; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money so borrowed be paid eff, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the TolL incirated: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by \Loc. b5 Per.^ 11 I the

1. u*.

I

95+

Former further continued.

For discontinuing the preh nr Toll*, and granting sw ones.

To'h tc be taken.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 54.

the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, and all nd every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provifrons, Clauses, Matteis, and Things therein conrained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this present A :t, (h .11 be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-afirr mentioned, as fully and effectually in ail Respects, and to all Intents and Hurp.fes, as it ihc fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; and this Att, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now clue and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said R.>..d-, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Cr-dir or on Account of the fame, by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, and of all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Act have bpen found ir.iufficien: for amending and keeping the said Roads in good Repair; be it therefore finther enacted, That from and after the Second Monday next after the puffing of this Act, the Tolls payable m and by the la.d recited Act shall ceaie, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken, before any Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Bead, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, C rt, or other C mage whatsotv.-r, be permitted to paf- through any Turnp ke or Toll Gate, Side Bar or Side Gate, crafted, or to be erected by virtue of the fj d recited Act or this Act, upon and across the said Roads, or upon 01 acrois any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (That i» to say), ' '

Firtve-y Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, £urricle, Calaffi, Ciravan, Hcarfe, or other Inch Cariiage, drawn by Six blorles, the Sum ot Two Shillings and Sixpence:

Dr awn by F' ui HoiLs, the S.m ol Two Shillings:

D'awn by Two Horses, the Sum of One Shil'ing:

F01 evety Ch.ifeor Chair, Wh (key, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Hone, Mate, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Waggon on the new Coi ll'iudton, videlicet, with Nine Inch Wheels, rolling a Suiface on each Side of Sixteen Inches, the Sum ol One Shilling:

Fur every Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, moving upon Rolltrt of the Breadth of Six een Inches on each S.dc thereof, the Sum oi One Shilling and I hre. p. nee:

For every Waggon with Nine Inch Wheels, the Sum of Two Shillings: For every B.oad Wheel Cart (the Wheel being :of the Breadth of Six Inchts) clriwn by Two Eiories, the Sum of One Shilling:

Drawn r»y i lree Hoifcs, the Sum oi One Shilling and Twc-pence, and draw n by Four Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence:

For eveiv Waggon with Six Inch Wheels, drawn by Six or more Horses, ihe Sum of Two Shillings:

Drawn by Five Horses, the Sum of One Shilling arid Eight-pence, and dravn by Four llorfes, t r Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For e> e’y Narrow Wheel W aggon drawn by Four Holies, the Sum of Two Sniffings and Sixpence:

Drawn

955

47° GEORGII III. SelT.2. Cap. 54.

Draw,-1, by Three Horses, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence, and drawn by Two H rl'es, tfce Sum of One Shilling and Nme-pence:

For every Cart with Narrow Wheels, drawn by Three Hoi Its, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by Two Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Tam-pence:

For every oihtr Cart drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Hortc, Mule, or A Is, not drawing, the Sum of Iwo-pence;

For every Drove oi Oxen or nrat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eighr-pence per Score, and lo in Proportion for any gteatcr or lefi Number:

For tuery Drove cf Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Limbs, the Sum of One Shilling ara Three-pence per Score, and lo in Proportion lor any greater or let Number:

Which said respective Tolls or Duties shall be, and are hereby declared to Tolls veftedin be vrlted in the Trustees appointed fur the Purposes of the said recited Act Trustees. and this Act; a id ti at it shall and may be lawful for the said 1 ruflees, or any S ven or nit le of them, at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to direct and cauie the said Tulls to be paid and colic ft d at the Gau s teefted or to be erefteu acrois or on the Sides of the said Roaas, in lm.h Faits and Proportions as they shall think proper; and they the said Trudee , or such Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint for that kurpose, shall1 h-ve such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remediestor apportioning, colltfting,dtmanding, recovering levying, dTigning, transferiing, leafing, reducing,advanfing and compound ing for, the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made pay ble as are, in and by the said recited Act, given and expressed with rcipeft to the Toll* thereby granted or made payable, so that the fame do never exceed the Tolls herein-before granted; and that the said Tolls and Du ies hereby grarted and made payable, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, to and fur such Utcr, Intents, and Purp ifes, as are in the said recited Act and tins Act directed and appointed in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the powertotrea said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to remove any Gate or and remove Turnpike and Toll House already erefttd, or hereafter to be ertfted, GaU1, upon or acrois the said Roads, and may also erect, or cause to be erected,

any. other Gate or Turnpike, Toll House or Toll Houses, and other Buildings thereto, upon or acrois any Part or Parts of the said Ruads, or upon the Side or Sides thereof, acrois any Lane or Way leading into the fame, and to cause such Tolls to be coJLfted and taken at such lelpeftive Turnpikes as are by this Act made payable Upon the said Roads, so that the fame do not extend to a double Charge, or subject any Person to the Payment of a larger Toll than is herein-belore appointed to be paid for afterwards passing or repaying the same Day through all or any of the Turnpikes already erected, or herein authorized to be erected across the said Roads, so as such Turnpikes be not erected nearer than Three Miles of che Town of Cambridge.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Second Monday General Ex> rext alter the passing of this Act, the Exemptions granted by the said emptions. recited Act shall te repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded or

taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed

in

956

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2 Cap.

in carrying or conveying only, and going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empiy from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stores, Buck', Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Par flits in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or any Hav, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, bur p fling to be laid up or plactd in the Cut-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carnages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or reiuining empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in car. ryingor conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Suliage, Compost, or other M mure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stone, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land; or for any Wag. gons. Wains Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from ca rying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Bricks L m , Stone, Plsfter, Timber, or other Materials to be tiled for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, House, Out* house, Birn, Srable, or Hovel within the same Parish where such Bricks, Lin e, Stonr, Phfl>r, Timber, or other Materials shall be m..de, got, or cut tfown; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure ur watering Places, or for any Hoi les going to be, or return, ing 'r m heirg (hoed, or from a1 y l’erlon’going to or returning from his or hei piopei parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of reugiuus Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine S'-rviie is ouiciet) by Aiithmi y to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person hat shall die and be buned in any of the fan, Pailhes, or from ai y Clergyman going to or returning trom visiting any sick Person, cr upm other his parochial qr ministerul Duty,-on 4 Sunday,_ or on any mhr Day on which Divine Service is o dcred by flu hqtlty to be celebrated, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of w auvfr Di icfiption, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails o* Le tei.sanu Expriflf s under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster Grnc-al, either when tmployed in conveying, guarding, Or fetching such Math or ExprcflVs, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending upon Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Can urge attending them, with their A ms, t r Baggage; nor for any Horses futnished by, or for any Personi belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning ffom the Place appointed for, cr on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their reipcfhre Corps, and have the Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respe&ivtiy at the Tin e of claiming such Exemption; or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, ir other Carnages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrams fern t>y legal Pafles; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Caialb,

j ( h.mr, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other BealP cohveying any Person 01 Persons to or from any Eli&ion of a Knight or Knights of the Smre to lerve in Parliament for the Counties of Cambridge and EJJtn during the Time of such Eieftion or Elections, or on the Day before or

Day

957

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 54.

Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Pei fan or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, a d the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause

Trusten may

Footpaths, not exceeding Eight Feet in Breadth, to be made along the Sides of the said Roads, in such Places as can conveniently admit of the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any such Way or Ways made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads for the Use of Foot Passengers, or shall lead or drive any Horle or Horles, Cow or Cows, Cattle, Sheep, Swine, or Carriage, upon any such Way or Ways, or shall wilfully or negligently injure or damage the fame, or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pofb, Rails, or Stones, which already are or hereafter may be erected or put up for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways, or if any Person shall plow over, or drag any Plough upon any Parc of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Person shall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof, without the Consent of the said Trustees, ora ny Seven or more of them, or their Surveyor for the Time being, or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain,

Carr, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto, (without fomc reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person or Persons so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his Conviction, or except wiih regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and Handing as near the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be), or shall spread any Skins or Linen or Cloaths to dry on any Hedge or Fence on the Side of the said Roads, or shall winnow any Corn or Seeds on any Part of the said Roads, or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw,

Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety thereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act. VI.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act Stature as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Roads, shall Libour' be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that all Persons, who by Law

arc or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or: [Lee. W Per.] i1 K more

47° GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. $4.

moTe Justices of the Peace For the said Counties of Cambridge and Essex, or either of them, and they are hereby tequired and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every Inch Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, ic shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to fumnion the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lids before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summon-'), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise; and ail'o the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lilts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may bedircdetl by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repairs of the Public Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subjcd and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the Lid Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint; and the Lid Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to belubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compt futon for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Trea iurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by the said recited Act is authorised or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, mail for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Ilorfes, Beast or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject: and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be Tubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effed for the Repair of the Public Highways; or if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall befentwish any Team or Draught to vvoik on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be so found idle or negligent

959

' 47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 54.

as aforesaid; and in that Cafe, every such Person shall he subj d and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as it he had nrgleded or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Hoads; all which Forfeitures shall be p id to the Treasurer to the said Trustees f>r the 7 imtf being, and applied towaids amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully ntgled to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in falle or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor, lo offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties cr Forfeitures by virtue Recovery an^ of the said recited Act or this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed) shall he levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace, for either of the said Counties of Cambridge or Effix. in which the Offence shall happen, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath) and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diltrels; and fm h Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not directed to be other-wile applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees to be applied towards the Purposes of the said recited Act or tl is Ad, and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeiture* shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and he is hereby authorised and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction, of the County where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor lei's than Twenty-one Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and ia-tisfied.

Vin. And be it further enacted, That inall Cases where any Conviction Form of c«a« shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the viftioa.

Form of Conviction shall be in the Word* or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

dE it remembered, That on this

Year of the Reign of

vided before me

J unices of the Peace for the County of (ae the Offence shall be,) ana I the said him (her or them) to forfeit and pay for 1

Day of in the

A.B. is con-One of His Majesty's of having do adjudge

the fame, the Sum of

1 Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.

t)6o

Power to df. t?in unknown Person guilty ot Offences.

Leases

vacated.

A pplication of Cnmprifa-tion, if amounting to sool.

4.70 G EO RGII III. Scfl*.2. Cap. 54.

IX. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against the said recited Act or this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under the said recited Act and this Act, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers rel'peftively, to fciz; and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against the said recited Act or this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, all Demises, Leases, and Agreements for Leases of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act shall cease and be void, and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them shall and may, land they are hereby required to make a fair and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls, for the l.ofs or Damage which he, she, or they shall sustain thereby; and such Comprn-fttion and Satisfaction shall and may be recovered by such Ltffec or Lessees from the Lid Trustees, in case of Rcfuf.il to make the lame on Demand made to their Clerk or Treasurer, by Action of Debt or on the Cale, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Power* of the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other CYftuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the lame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex pane the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Ord.r made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affirftitig other Lands, Tenemenrs; or Hereditaments, (landing settled thrrewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where sinh Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Ul'es, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, ffobd settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such

Conveyance

47* GEORGj II IIL Selt'2. 9

Conveyance and Settlement, flii’.l be exiting, undetermined, and dap/ !e of taking Efted; and In the mean Time, and until loch Purchase ibali Ite made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General it) his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Conlobbated, or I lute Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank. Annuities; and in the mead Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordeted by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annpjl Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of '.lie laid recited Act, or this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were

made.

XII. Provided always* and be it enacted, That if any Money so Apr> agreed or awarded to.be; paid for any, Lands, Tenements,or Heredv UonC°ifku'1" laments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- twin raol-longing to any Corporauon, or to any Person or Persons under any Dtfability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sun} cf Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be,equal to the Sum ctTwenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option ct the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments yx purchased> taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in calc of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, bq paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as afortfatd, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or other7 wife the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Ttufte-rs, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Seven or more of the said Trudies for executing the said recited Act, and this Act, (such Nomination and Approfca- -

tion to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order mat such Principal Money, and the Dividends anfing thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chan-cciy. '

XIII.Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed Application or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenry of Compcn- ’ Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use l~*

of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been en-

titled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act, or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit) or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Comnjittcts, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Ptrl’uns lo entitled respectively

$62

In case of n»t making out Title.,

or if Personi cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank|

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any

Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to i>e paid, the fee-ton who shall be in Possession at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Poflcf-<01*.

47* GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.§4*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased determined by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees 5 or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be rot known or discovered, then and in every such C,fe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m), subject to the Order, Gon-troul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons, making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to, order (he fame to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specify. ing for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased, in pursuance of the said recited Act, and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person

or

47° GEORG 11 IIL Sess. 2. Cajr.^. 963

or Pfrlon* was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Incereit therein.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled racrreifon-to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the "f Authority of the said recited Act, and this Act, the Purchase Money to be paid by for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and Trustees. to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act, and th’s Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act, and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVn. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Chrrges, and Ex- f°, TExpence* pences, incident to and attending the obtaining and p« fling of this Act, aitneAct. together with lawful Interest for the same, shall be paid out of any Money now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, to the said TruP.ees, or out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act.

[Public Act.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall bedeemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by aJJJudges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Second Monday Term of this next after the passing of this Act, the Term granted by the said recited Act shall cease and determine, and that from thenceforth the said recited Act (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, i S07.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self 2.

*M rMs» rM

Cap. 55.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hurjleyf in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River. [ 1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of 6G.j. c. 1$, His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road front the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hurflry, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River: And whereas an Act: was passed in % G the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Term 17 3’ C

and alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Act; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in the said Town of Newbury, to the Turnpike Road at Speenhamland, in the said County of Berks: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by xrr,fte-« have virtue of the said Acts, have made great Procrefs in making and repair- proceeded in

UM -"ttfStSSS.

g66

Term enlarged.

Pew Trustees,

CTiufing Succors.

47° GEORGII III. Sdl*.2. Cap.$5.

ing the said Roads, and have for that Purpose borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted s which (till remains due, and eannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers of the said Acts altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said Acts; and also such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts or of this Act, and of all littered now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who, at the Time of passing this Act, shall be Trustees by virtue of, or of any of the Powers of the said former Acts, or either of them, together with James Best Clerk, George Barnard, Benjamin Barnard, Benjamin Bunbury, Anthony Bacon, David Chambers, Thomas Clark, Daniel Compton, John Hyde, Peter Green, Sir Robert Kingsmill Baronet, William Lance Clerk, Samuel Andrews Lloyd, Head Pot linger Clerk, George Pocock, George Rose, Wanley Sawbridge, Richard Tull, George Vincent, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, and qualified as the said first recited Act directs j and every other Person, who shall, at the Time of acting, be in the actual Occupation of an Estate in Land, either Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and twenty Pounds, within any or either of the Parishes through which the said Roads lead, and who shall pay or be liable to pay to the Owner or Owners thereof, a clear yearly Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds for the Rent or Occupation of the fame Etlace, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Person who shall, at the Time of passing this Act, be a Trustee particularly named in or appointed under or by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them, or any of the Persons herein particularly named as Trustees, shall die, or by Writing under his Hand, delivered to the Clerk of the said Trustees, shall refuse to ad, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, at One of their Quarterly Meetings, to tied and appoint

4 One

g6;

47° GEORGII III. Stefra. ^.55.

One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of him so dying or retufing to act and all Persons who shall be so elected and appointed., are hereby vetted with the fame Powers for putting the said former Adfs and this Act; in Execution, as the Persons in whole Places he or they shall be respectively chosen was or were vetted with.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall henceforward be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said former Acts or this Act, until he shall have taken and fublcnbed the following Oath or Affirmation at some Quarterly Meeting, before any Five or more Trustees, who are hereby empowered to administer the same; videlicet:

I A.B. do swear [er, being One of the People called Quakers, do

A solemnly affirmj That I am [^reciting the Qualification he claims as'Calied'itpon ‘ under or by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them, or this Act, as tbs Case may be] and that I will truly and faithfully execute the ‘ Trusts reposed in me by Three Acts passed in the Sixth, Twemy-seventh,

and Forty-seventh Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike

Road, in the Parish of Hurjley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury in the County of

Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts, or in some or one of them

mentioned, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, without

Favour or Affection to any Person whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

And which Oath or Affirmation every Trustee shall take at every Quarterly Meeting of Trustees, before he shall presume to act as a Trustee at such Meeting, in case he is thereunto required by any other Trustee present; and if any Person, not being qualified asdiredted by the said former Acts or one of them, or this Act, shall act as a Trustee in putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution, or being so qualified shall, previous to his acting, if thereunto required as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to take such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as in the said former Acts mentioned and prescribed respecting Penalties on Persons acting not being qualified.

V. And whereas it is by the said last recited Act enacted, that It shall Quarterly not be lawful for the Trustees to hold more than Four publick Meetings Mcetu,s5, in every Year for putting the said recited Acts into Execution, and that such Meetings shall be called Quarterly Meetings, withouc any Adjournment thereof, except for the Purpose of letting the Toils, and shall be held by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, alternately, at Andover, Crux Eafion, Newbury, and East Iljley, the First of such Meetings to be held at some Publick House at Crux Eajion, upon the First Monday after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven the Second at tome Publick House in the Town of Newbury, upon the First Monday after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; the Third at some Publick House at East Iljley, on the First Monday after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and the Fourth

at

Penalty on acting not being qualified.

968 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 55.

at some Publick House at Andover, upon the First Monday after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty eighr, and so on in the like Progression at the said respective Places during the Continuance of the said last recited Act: And whereas it hath been found inconvenient to have the Quarterly Meeting at East Iljleyan the First Monday after the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, and it would be more convenient that such Quarterly Meeting should be held at Newbury, and that the Quarterly Meeting, appointed by the said last recited Act to be held at Newbury on the First Monday after the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, should be held at EastJIJJey, be ic therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to hold the Quarterly Meeting, appointed by the said last recited Act, to be held on the First Monday after the Twenty-ninth. Day of September, at some Publick House at East Ilfley instead of Newbury, and the Quarterly Meeting, appointed by the said last recited Act, to be held on the Fiift Monday after the Twenty-fifth Day of December, at some Publick House in Newbury instead of East Iljley, in each and every Year during the Conntinuance of this Act; any Thing in the said lift recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

?e«eFarmer» further enacted, That if the Person who shall be the

or Tom in Farmer or Renter of the Tolls by the said former Acts authorized to be

Arrear. collected, shall not pay or cause to be paid to the said Trustees, or their

Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, the Rent which lie or they shall have agreed to give for the fame, within the Space of Ten Days next after the several and respective Days on which the same shall become due and payable, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to nominate and appoint some fit Person to collect and rective the Tolls arising at the Toll Gate of which such Person shall be the Farmer or Renter, until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner, in ail Respects, as if he had been appointed a Collector at a Meeting held by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them; and if any such Farmer or Renter, or other Person who shall inhabit the fame, (h ill refuse to deliver up the Possession of the House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he enjoyed in right of his being such F’armer or Renter as aforesai', for the Space of Two Days nexc after Notice of such Appointment shall be given to him or left at his House, then it shall be lawful for any Julliceof the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Turnpike shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessiuy, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day-'imr, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together wi.h their Goods, out of such House and Premise', and to put the new appointed Officer into the Puffiffion thereof, and then and from thenceforth the Contrail or l.ease, by which the said Toll shall be renred or holden, shall become null and void to all (r.tents and Pimpt fes whatsoever, and the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been deposited in the Hands of the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, fur better freoring the regular Payment of the fall Rent, and all Ji.terest which shall be then due thereon, shall become forfe'ted to the said Trustees, and be determined by them applied to the several Pubpnfes of the said former Acts and this Act.

47" GEOndll III. Self. 2. 6Jp. 55- 9^9

TII. A'wi be it further enacted, That all and every the Justices of the I*, ace, b fore whom any Person or P.- tons 111n I be conv.Cted ol any Of* fence a the fa'-d former Acts or this Art, null and may cause the C nvibti n io be diawn up according to the hallowing Form or Word', as the Cafif shall happen,or in ar.y other Form of Words to the fame Effect;

(yv deficit):

‘ D E it remembered, That on the Day of in the of Con.

x> Year of the Reign of His Majesty is. convifhd b.-f re me One of His Majesty's Jot'.ices of the Peace for the [_spec'fi‘nS t^3t

‘ Off nee, and ike Time and P ace iobtn and where the fame was commuted,

a the Cafe shall be.'] Gi.cn under ruy Hand and Seal the Day and

Year aiorciai..’

Y’UL And be it enacted, That no Toll shall he demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wa ns, Carts, Cairiages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carding rr conveying, h ving been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stores, Biicks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or oPe Materials for repairing . f the said Roads, or any of the Road' in the Tuwi fh ps or P-r (hes in which any Part of such Roads do lie, or Hav,

S law, ir Com in the Straw only, not fold or di poled of, hot p fling to be laid up c.r ] laced in the Out-houfts, nr on the L nds of the O-vness or Occu^i isthereojf, ir for any Corn, Grain, or G ill, carrying to or lomar.y C r M l:, b iniy in any of the Hamlet', To»nfhi|*, or Pa ts through _w n ch he) id Roads or any Part thereor shall lead; or for-n. Horses-, Cac.le. <.r Caringcs, returning unladen afttr hav.ng carried an. Inch Cora, Gras., or Giill, such Corn, Grain, or Grid, befg for private Ule oni, and.ioi for Sale; or for any Waggons, Wains,

C-rf, Carriages, or HyRs employed inciriying or convtying, or going empty lotarry or convey, or returning irom carrying or conveying, having been employed only in qairying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements ot Htibindry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure, cmpioied in Hifba.d v for manuring or improving Lands, or for any ether 1 liini! cia, loved in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the said Jail-mentioned Tov. nflnps or Parishes; or for any Horses or Caule going t > or returning fr m Pailure or watering Places, or going to be or r turning ;r ir, being (hoed or far tied , or from ar.y Person going to or returning frr,pi jus proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Woiship toicrjted by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on winch Divine Servi e is ordered by Authuiiry to be celebrated, or amending ihe Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any ot flic laid Parishes; ci from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifmng any Pick Pcil n, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is O'dered by Authority to be celebrated; or fur any Haifes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails ot Lencis an i Exprcfi. s under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when tmployed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in return'ng back from conveying cue fame; or for any Horlks, Carts, or Waggons amending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them, with their [L«. (s’ Per.J " n N Arms,

970

Tmftees may

Hie and be filed in the Kune of tiulr Clei k or Treasurer.

AH icntion ffC.M IVl.ll-t on vi-Keie t hc. diijg

«oo 1.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2 Qaf.55.

Arms, or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnlfbed by cr for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning Com the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their reiptdife Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Cart«, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal P.iflis; or for any Horse, Catde, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Caialh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any El.dion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Southampton and Berks, or either of them, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and it any Person or P<*[fons shall, in any fraudulent or coilufive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, a >d the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act,

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Tiling to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, in the Name of their Citric or Treasurer fur the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought c r commenced by the Direction of or against: the said TruffeeSj in the Name of thei' Cle k or Trealuter, shall abaie or be discontinued by the Death or Retm vj! of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Cleric or Lea rner, Without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, b t tha: the Clerk or Treasurer for the Tune being to the said Trustees, shall be,deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-chjfed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purpose thereof, which Hull belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamenrs in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Difchirge of any De or or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said C’ou't shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or IF rediraments stam.ing settled therewith, to the fame or the hke Lies, Intents, or Pufi-

6 posts,

47° GEORGII HI. Sess. 5. Cap. 55- 97*

pofrs; ji where such Money »0>all not be so applied, then the Umf fhnj be L d out aiKi iovdifd under the like Dueclion and Approb- t on id the lai ! Court in thV[Ju cha:e of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredtamenrs, vk.iith fir.all be conveyed and Ictded to, for, and upon tuch and the like L'l-s, 1 ruiti, I tents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as th Lanas,

Tenements, and Me e.titan-,ents which shall be so purchTed, taken, or used a a "oreLid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of nuking such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, a no capable of taking Effect; nd in the mean Time, and until Inch Purchase . all be made, the said Money (lull, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Lid Accountant General in Ins Ma rc, in the Purchgfe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidattd, or Three Pounds per (Jentttm R.duced Bank Annuities; and in the inr.,n Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the Lid Court to be Lid for the Purports aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the Lid Conf.Dated or Reduced. Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be p id by O der of th: laid Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have bten entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby diicfted to be purchased, in case such Purchuic or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided alway', and be it further erased. That if any Money so Application

agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- 1 e_ laments purcnaled, taken, or used for the Furpcfe aforesaid, and be- doesPnot*U°n lorgng to any Corporation, or to any Ftrfon or Persons under D f- «ceea ,ool. ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two t*l,m

hundred P und , and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then,

and m all such C.f s, the fame shall, at the Option of the PeiTon or Pei suns for the Lime being entitled to the Rents and Prr fits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments L purchased, taken, or uied, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardia s. Committee or Committees, in cale of Inf.ncy or Li ta.y, to he signified in Writing under their respective Hand1, be paid i ito the Bank, in the Name and with the P i-vicy of the ;ai Accountant-General of the High Coure of Chancery, and be placed tr his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner haein-bcLre dnecied, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nomina'e ! by tire Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trullees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hand*, of the no: i ating a i ! appi: ving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividend i anfng thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-b.for: d reeled, lu far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided alfc, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so Application agreed or awaded to be paid as next brf>re mentioned shall be lei's than 'j* Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to thaiiwi! " the Use of the Person or Persons who would for die Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purcnaled, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think, fit j or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their

Guardian

972

111 case of not nisking out i i.iec;

dr ?f Persons cannot i>e 1 uv.d. P.ir-chate M ney to be j>aid i »o rlie Bank i

jfuSect to the Order of the Court of Cha t try on

Mo 51 -» of Peddcij.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 55.

Go.rdian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the lift and Benefit cf such Person or Ptfluns iu entitled respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be run chafed by v;rtue of the said Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or (ha-1 net be able to make a good Title to the Prepiifes, to the SatLraciiori of the fud Trullees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trullres, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aft relaid to be paid into the Bar.k < f Engird, in the Name and with the Privity of the At couniant-Gentr.d of the Court of Chancery, ro be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Pam-s interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [d'scribing ibc».~|, subject to the Order, Contmul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Chancery, cn the Application of any Person or Persons, making Cla m to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion,or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a‘lifmma y Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall Idem nicer, to order the lame to be laid out and it.vested in the Pubi c Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends theriof, r.ccort ing to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or I itcieft of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such otin-r Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashir or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall ece.ve such Sum or Sums of Monty, is and are hereby required to give a Riceipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying fur what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as (had pay any such Sum or Sums of M- ney into the Bank as afore laid.

Where any

Questuit (hat Mr tCJ (ouch ng «' t Tins o Monet t «>e p i h Per Ibn w h «h 11 b~ n P cf» ft >n of the

I Ml IS, &c.

a "-e

THlie of H»ch cii It,hull be <1 ctncJ eori led

Ct.CiC. 0.

XIV. P ovided always, and be it enacted, That where any Qutfticr. shall ante, touching the Title cf any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bmk of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant G nrral of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Acr, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or cf any Ellatr, Right, or Interrft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pu>chafed, in j urfui.iice of the said recited Acts and this Act, cr to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with ary such Morey, cr the Dividends or l iterest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments a: the Time of such Purchase, and ail Persons d liming under such Person or Pctf.ns, or under the P>fi rfiion of such Person or Persons, (hd! be deemed and taken to hare tern hiwuliy entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to l . ch Possession, until the comrary shall i'e ftjewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Inte eft of the Bmk Annul :.-sto.be purchased with such Money, and alto the.Capita) of such flunk Annuities, shall be pa d, applied, 2nd disputed cf accordingly,- unless it Tail be marie appear to the said Court, m . that

$73

47° GEORGII III. Sclt.2. 'Cap. 5$;

that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Pijifun or Person* was or were lawfully entitled to such Land-, 1 cncments, or Hereditaments, or to some Eftute or laccrelt therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it en.ifted| That.where by re son of any Ti-e Court vt Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled

to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to, be purenafed under the ai g*. et,e, Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money ‘ for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court oWiilultoery, and Xruttcc.'. to be applied in the Purchase tf other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said n cited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of ail Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so Siuc > of such Expences as the said Court Ifcall deem reasonable, td,be pard by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, W'ho shall, from Ti re to Time, pay such Sums of Money lor such Purposes'-ss the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further ertafted, That all Pet fons who b,- Law are or rvrfm* l'fd4 shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lh^'1 be d|srac.ible towards ku"* repairing and amending the said Road or any Pint tn-rror, shall (till

remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, according rd the Provisions of the said first recited Act-, and it shall and may be la*ful for any Two or mure Justices of the Peace for the County in which the said Road shall be situate, anu they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to rhem by the Lid Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, or by tbtir Treufurer, Clerk, rr Surveyor, yearly, to adjudge and oetermine what Fart or Portion of the Statute Work fnaii every Year be dune upon the said Road by the L.hab tarns of the respective Panilies, Tuwnships, or Places in which the said Road cloth lie, and also whut P (portion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such (Lrish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall Jje by h m, her, or them paid to the Lid Traders, or to the r Treasurer or Treasurtrs -, and in order ihercunto, it shall be lawful for such justice?, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township. or Place, to bri g in Lills fcef re such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after thrferving of such Summons), of the Names of the leverat Per-foi s who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of ;ny Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Woik, bist-nguiftung the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and a'so t e Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lilts of Names f.ull be made in such Manner, and irtider such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may bedirested by any Law cr Statute in Force or hffcft fur the Repairs of the publick Highways, and out cf futh Lilts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such am so many of the Perlor.s who shall appear subj ft and liable to Statute ork as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Sta'utc Work in ev?ry [Loc. & iVr.J 11 0 Y’enr

i r_ , At

4 i "

974- 4-7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.$5.

Yetjr upon th&said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the ’ une shall be done at such Days and at such Times, (not being hi ne or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said TruUcts, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from Time to Time, order, dn ft, or appoint; and the said Trustees shall and may also order and dirtftthe r Tons who by such Lifts shall appear tube subject and liable to the ment of any Money in lieu of or as a Contpufition for Stature Weik ,-s aforesaid, to pav such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Tunes as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment there r, the fame shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act or this Act authorized or directed' to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refule to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Hones, Beall or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the Publkk Highways , and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Tearn or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and diimT; the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe, every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forte cures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refuted to come, rr such Team or Draughc had not been lent to work on any Fait of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road , and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refule or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

For paying

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences

of this Act 5 lining anc* pftkng this Act, shall be paid out of any Monies already

raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies to aril'e by vi tue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Continuance

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Acts (subject to the at this Act. Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and

unexpired

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.$$.

unexpired of the Term granted by the said Acts; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiians Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

yaHNt ili*»*

Cap. 5 6.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth

and Twenty-ilxth Years of His present Majesty,

so far as the fame relate to the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through Botley> to the Turnpike Road at Sherril Heath, in the County of Southampton. [1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5 G-of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from a Street called The Hun-'< dred, at Romjey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the " County of Southampton, and for connecting the fame with the Road " leading from the City of Winchester, through Hurfiey to Chandlers " Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey " aforesaid; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from " the River at Swathling aforesaid, through Botley to the Turnpike " Road at Shirriil Heath, in the said County of SouthamptonAnd 26 G whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the repairing, and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Shirriil Heath, in the County of SouthamptonAnd whereas great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Act, so far as the lame relates to the said Road from the River at Swathling through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Shirriil Heath, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road; which Money cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as che fame relates to the said last-mentioned Road, arc further continued , May it therefore please Your iLcc. & Per.] 11 P Majesty,

918

Sa>d Act forther cor. tin ued.

General Exemptions.

47° GEORGII III. Serf!2. Cap. 56.

Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-Lmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, so far as the fame relate to the said Road trom the River at Swatbiing through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sblrrill Heath (excepc such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except such as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and the same are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully arid effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or hereafter to grow due, and to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Road from the River at S-ooatbling through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sbirrill Heath, together with the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from Carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or leiurning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religin s Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the funeral of any Person that shall die and he buried in any of the Parishes in which the said Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick. Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday-, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated or for any Horses, Cat'ie, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority 01 His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, r, ching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning ba k :< m conveying the fame; or for any Elorles, Carts, or Waggons atrer.di.ig any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carnage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; cr for any Horse,. Mare, or Gelding furmshed by or for any Persons belonging to any

Corps

979

47° G E ORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 56.

Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of P.xercife; provided such Periods are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Southampton, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and it any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied co the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Personsliabl* shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards to Statute repairing and amending the said Road leading from the River at Swath- '?’ork l. ling, through Botley to the Turnpike Road at Sbirrill Heath, or any Part w,th Repair* thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore j and of the Road, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which the said Road shall be situate, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Road doth lie 5 and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Wo,!, for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu ot or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams, or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of che publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Stature Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Pans of the said

Road,

q8o

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 56.

Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subjt 61 and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the 1 id Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distiefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act or this Act authorized or directed to be recoveied; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in 1 iting given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Piace or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townftups, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick or Pi 1 ion or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said fit ft recited Act particularly mentioned, such Mone / shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faiu Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court

shall

Application of Compensation where amounting 10 £ 200.

47° GEORGII Hi; Sess.2. Cap. 56. 981

ftiill authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purpol'es, or where such Money shall not be lo applied then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and lt

settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Laid Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application

agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchas- where Corned, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Cor- th'an" '*

poration or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as p*2DO"ard aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceeds exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame £ zc-shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled

to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountanc General of the High Coure of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Aplication so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less when th.e than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being t an"’ have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchasedj taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and

(£«. fcf Per.] 11 this

982

In case of not making out Titles.

Where any Qjeltior, (hdl arile touching the Title tj the Money to be paid) the Persons who shall be in Possession of the Lands shall be deemed to be entitled thereunto unless &c.

47° GEORGII III. Sefi.2. Cap. $ 6.

this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons lb entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall refule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be lb awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defcriltng them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispoficion of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Effaces, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cathiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Ul'e the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purthaled in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such I-ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be

13 purchased

9 83

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 56.

purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dii'posed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such PoffdEon was a wrongful possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to _some Estate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Dil'ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem real'onable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid out of the Money collected and received or to be collected and received by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, upon the said Road from the River at Swathlirg through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted and continued by the said Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by Trullees.

For paying the Expen, ces of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Term of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SMS’S*

An Act for vesting several Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties or Lincoln, Suffolk, and Essex, Parts of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Frederick WtHium Earl of Bristol, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the Right Honourable George William Earl of Brijlo!, being seised. in Fee Simple famongst other Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties of Suffolk, Lincoln, and EJfe:') of the Manors of Great and Lilli: We:.don, the Advowson of the Re&ory of LillleTVendsn, and the Advowson of the Vifcafage of Great Wenden, and divers r'ai ms, Lands, and Hereditaments in Wcndon, in the said County of EJex, and of divers Manors and Hereditaments in the said County of Lincoln, duly made and published his Iaft Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of 0feeler Ore thcufar.d seven hundred and seventy-three, and so aitefted as to pass Real Estates, and thereby he gave and cievifed all his Manors and Freehold Mefluugts, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of S.f.ik, Lincoln, and Essex, to the Right Honourable George William Earl of Coventry, and Vere Lord Jerc, their Executors, Administrators, and A Signs, for the Term cl Five hundred Years, with-

[ 1st August 1807.]

[Lee. fif Per.J

11 R

out

9$6

47n GEORGGII III. Seit 2. Cap. s 7.

out Impeachment of Waste, upon the Trusts after-me:iticncd, and subjeel thereto, the said Testator deviled all his laid Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and also his Copyholds of Inheritance in the said Counties, or either of them, to his Brother the Honourable Augujhis John Hervey, afterwards the Right Honourable Augtjlus John Earl of Bristol, for his Lire, without Impeachment of Wade, with Remainder to the mod Nobic Augufius Henry Duke of Grafton, and tile Right Honourable George Buffiy Earl of Jersey, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Augujhis John Hervey, afterwards Earl of Bristol, in Trull to preserve the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Firll and other Sens of the said Augufius John afterwardsEarl of Bristol, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Teliator’s Brother, the Honourable and Right Reverend Frederick then Lord Bishop of Derry in Ireland, and afterwards the Right Honourable Frederick Earl of Bristol for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the said Augufius Henry Duke of Grafton and George Buffey Earl of Jersey, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Frederick afterwards Earl of Bristol, in Trull, to prefer ve'Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Testator’s Nephew, John Augujhis Hervey, afterwards commonly called Lore/ Hcrve", elded Son of the said Frederick aftei-wards Earl of Bristol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the said Augufius Henry Duke of Grafton, and George Buffey Earl of Jersey, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said John Augustus afterwards Lord Hervey, in Trust, to preserve the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said John Augujhis afterwards Lord Hervey, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Testator’s Nephew Frederick William Hervey, now the Right Honourable Frederick William Earl of Bristol, Second Son of the said Frederick then Lord Bishop of Derry, afterwards Earl of Bristol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the said Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, and George Buffey Earl of Jersey, and their Heirs, curing the Life of the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, in Trull, to preserve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Frederick William now Earl ot Bristol, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to thei’hird and other Sons of the said Frederick afterwards Earl of Bristol, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Testatar’s Brother the Honoursbl&William Hervey, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade; with Remainder to the said Augufius Henry Duke of Grafton, and G :rge Buffey EarlofJersey, and their Heirs, during the Life of the hid Willi am Hervey, in 'Fruit, to preserve the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sens of the said William Hervey in Tail Made luc-ceflively; with Remainder as to all and Angular the said Testator’s Manors, and Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Suffolk and Lincoln, to the Teliator’s Uncle the Honourable Thomas Hervey, for his Lift, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the said Augujhis Henry Duke of Grafton and George Buffey Earl of Jersey, and their Heirs, during the Life dt the said Tlomits H.rvcy, in Truli, to preserve the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to William Hervey, Son of the said Thomas Hcrve", lot his Life, without Impeachment of Walk; with Remainder to the said Augustus H-.nry Duke of Grafton and George Buffey Earl of jersey, and their Heirs, during the Life Or the said William Hervey, the Son of the said Thomas Hervey, in Trull, to preserve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said William Hervey, the Son of the fiu'

Thonus-

9q

4'° GEORGII III. Seflt 2.

Thomas Hervey, in Tail Male fuccelhvely '; with ReSfiiiiJtr to ’.lie Second and other Sans of the said Thomas Hervey, in Tail Ma o luceeflively 5 with' Hemainder to the Testator’s Uncle, the Honourable si;//«» lier-vey, t»*r his Life, without Impeachment of Walt; with Remainder to ilie ink! Augustus Hairy Duke of Grafton, and Gergs Buijey Earl of Jersey, and their Heir?, during the Life of the Liu William Hervey, the Uncle, in Trust, to prelcrve the Contingent Remainders; with Retn.iin.der to the l’irft and other Sons of the Lid William Hervey, the Uncle, in 'lad Male iuccD-lively; with Remainder to the Testator’s Cousin Henry Hervey Aston, the Son of the Teiiator’s late Uncle Hairy Hr icy, otherwise Aston, deceased, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the said Augustus Henri Duke of Grafton and George Buff'cy F.arl of Jersey, and Weir Heirs, during the Life of the fai l Henry Hervey Aston, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Teltator’s Cousin, Henry Hervey Ait. Son of the said Henry Hervey Aston, for his Life, withe a; Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the said Augustus tlenr Duke of Grafton and George Bujfey Earl of Jersey, and their I Lira, during the Life of the said Hairy Hervey Aston the Son, in Trust to preserve the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Hairy Hi racy Asia: the Son, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Second and other Sons of the said Henry Hervey Aston. the Father, in Tail Alale fuccetlirdy; with Remainder to the Testatcr’s Uncle, the Honourable and Reverend C/Airies Hervey, for his Life, without Im: eachment of Waft.:; with Remainder to the said Augustus Hairy Duke oi G aft on, and George 1hefty Karl of Jersey, and their I loirs, during the Life of the said Charles Hervey. in Trait, to preserve Contingent Remainder,:; with Remamdir to the First and other Sons of the fii AGlurles Have-, inTail Male fuccd..reh; with Remainder to the leftator’s Coutir., Feitui Lime! Hervey, Sen of the Te.rater’s late Unc'e, the Honourable Fel.cn Hervey, for his Life, without impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the said Ammtus Hairy Duke of Grafton and George Buffcy Karl of Jersey, and their Heirs, daring the life of the said fir liar. Lionel Hervey, in Trull to preserve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Felton Lionel Hervey, in Tail Male luc-celtively; with Remainder to the right Heirs of the said Testator forever: And the said Testator thereby* gave, deviled, and bequeathed, all and singular his laid Manors, Mefftiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said County of Essex, from and after the Determination of the several thereinbefore limited Estates and Bvereits in the fame, to the said Felton Lionel Hervey, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the said. Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton and George BuJJiy Earl oi Jersey, and their lleirs, during the Life of the said Felton Lior.tl Hervey, in '1 r-uft to preserve the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons cf ti.c said Felton Lionel Hervey, in Tail Male fucetllivtiy; with Remain, cr to the same Person and lferions, and for the fame LRates and Interests, and under and subject to the fame Trusts, Conditions, Provisoet, end Limitations, as and to whom his Manors and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Si folk and Lincoln, in Default of It Vue Male cl His laid Three Bi others, were and flood settled and limited by his said Will, except as to the Eilates thereof limited ro the said Felton Lionel Have': and Ls lifue Male, which, as to his (the TestatorVj laid Manors, Land'., and Hereditaments, in the said County of Effete, were 10 take place immediately after Default oi lifue Male of his said Brothers: And he Lid Testator. in

and

9S8

47° GEORG 11 HI. ScfT. 2. Cap. 57.

and by his said Will, willed and directed that it should be lawful for his said Brother, the said Augustus John afterwards Earl of Bristol, and all and every the Persons aforesaid respectively, when in PosseiLon of the said Freehold Premises, to limit or appoint any clear annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge not exceeding One thousand Pounds a Year, to be issuing out of and charged upon all or any Part or Parts of his (the said Testatnr’s) laid Manors, Messuages, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Sirf/iU and Lincoln, unto or to the Use of any Woman or Women that he should marry and take to Wife, durng the Life or Lives of any lush Woman or Women respectively, for her or their Jointure or Jointures, so as such annual Sum or Rent Charge should respectivelybe without Prejudice to the several Annuities or yearly Sums in and by his said Will given and devised out of the said Premises, and herein-after mentioned: And the said Testator directed that the Will of the Right Honourable John Lord Hervey, his late Father, should be fully performed, and did appoint, bequeath, and deviic that the several Legacies and Annuities therein and thereby given and bequeathed, which should remain unsatisfied at his (the Testator’s) Death, should be duly paid to the several Legatees and Annuitants therein named, and to those Ends, Intents, and Purposes the Testator willed and declared, that the Term of Five hundred Years, therein-before devised to the said Earl of Coventry and Lord Fere, was so tievifed to the n, upon Trust, that they the said George William Earl of Coventry and Fere Lord Fere, their Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, should, by and out of the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, or by Sale or Mortgage of such Part or Parts of his laid Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as to them should seem convenient, and should be sufficient for that Purpose, pay and discharge all his (the Testator’s) just Debts, and the several other Annuities and Legacies aforesaid, and such as are in the Testator's Will after mentioned, namely, the Testa'or gave to his Sifter Lady Mulgrave One thousand Pounds: And the said Testator willed and declared, that the said George William Earl of Coventry and Fere Lord Vere, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, should, after the Death of his said Brother, the said Frederick aferwards Earl of Bristol, raileand levy, by the Ways and Means afore-mentioned, or any of them, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Portions of all and every the Children of the Body of the said Frederick late Earl of Bristol, to be {hi red and divided amongst them, in such Parts and Proportions as the said Frederick Earl of Bristol should, in Manner therein mentioned, direct or appoint; and in Default of such Direction and Appointment, then the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to be equally divided amongst the said Children, Share and Share alike, to be paid at such Times, and with such Benefit of Sur-vivorship, as therein mentioned; and upon further Trust, that the said Earl ol Coventry and Lord Fere, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns should, by and out of the Rents, Hides, and Profits of the Residue of the fame Premises, over and above what should be sufficient for Payment of the Testator’s Debts and Legacies aforesaid, raise and pay the several Annuities or yearly Sums of Money after-mentioned, to the respectrive Legatees or Annuitants after-named, for their respective Lives, (namely), to the said Frederick afterwards Ear) of Bristol, an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds; to the Testator’s said Brother William Hervey, One Annuiiy of Three hundred Pounds; to the Right Honourable Lady Mary Fitzgerald, by the Name of his Sifter Lady Mary Fitzgerald, One Annuity of lhreehundred Pounds; to the Right Honourable Lady Emily Hervey, by the Name of his Siltor Lady Emily Hervey, One Annuity of

4C° GECUvG II III. SciL 2, tf&p. 5J.

One hundred Pounds; to the Right Honourable Lady C.,.-u/.v Hervey, by the Name of his Silk. Lady Caroline liervey, One Annuity ot One hundred Pounds; and the Testatcr’s Will was, that the Survivor oi his filters, Lady Emil/ Hervey and Lady Caroline Hervey, ih ul-i liu we and enjoy the Annuity tiiereby bequeathed to Uie deceased Siiier, iroiu the lime of her Death, for the Life of her rise laid surviving Sifter; the Lid several Annuities to be paid, clear of Deductions, quarterly, on the Days therein mentioned; and the Testator willed, that the Lid Trustees of the said Term, should permit the overplus Rents of the said Premises to be received by such Person and i’ersons respectively, to whom the next and immediate Lltatein Reversion or Remainder of and in the fame Premises expectant upon the Determination of the fame Term should, for the time being belong j and after reciting that his, the said Testator s late Grandfather, the Right Honourable John Earl of Bristol, had by his Will given and deviled all his Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to him the said Testator, George William Earl of Bristol, for his Life, with Remainder to Trustees, to preserve Contingent Remainders, and after the Teflator’sDeceafe, to the Fi iff and other Sons of his Body, with the like Limitations to the said Testator’s laid Brother, the said Augustus John afterwards Eai‘1 oi Bristol, the Lid Frederick afterwards alfoEarl of Bristol, and the Testator’s said Brother William Hervey, and their I flue Male, with divers Remainders over; and that Part of the Estate devised by the Will of the Testators laid Grandfather was subject to and charged with several Mortgages, for fecuiing the Payment of divers very large Sums of Money; and that the TestaroPs late Father John Lord Hervey, to whom the Testator was Executor and Residuary Legatee, did, in the Life-time of his the Testator’s Grandfather, by and with his own Money, pay and disc’narge Part of such Mor gages, and that other Part thereof had been discharged by the Testator lmce the Death of his Lid Father; and that the Testator had taken Alignments, or other Conveyances, of all such Mortgages, so paid off as aforesaid, to several Persons, in Trust, for the Testator his Heirs, Executor-, and Administrators; he the Testator did, by his laid Will, order and direct, that in case the other Parts of his Personal Estate and of his said Real Lllutes therein-before devised should not be sufficient to pay his Debts and the several Legacies and Annuities before by him given and bequeathed, then the Deficiency should be raised aid made good out of the Monies due on the said Mortgages; and the said Testator declared his Mind and Will to be, that after the said Debts, Legacies, and Annuities, were fully satisfied and paid, the Residue of the Monies due upon the fame Mortgages should fink, and the said Estates be for ever discharged therefrom, for the Benefit and Advantage of such Persons as should be entitled to the Possession of the fame Estates under the Will of his said Grandfather, or that his the said Testator’s own Will; and the said Testator gave and bequeathed all the Residue of his personal Estate and Effects, subject to the Payment of his Debts and the several Legacies and Annuities therein before mentioned, unto his said Brother, the said Augustus John afterwards Earl of Bristol, and appointed his said 1 hree Brothers, the said Augustus John afterwards Earl of Bristol, the said Frederick Bishop of Derry, also afterwards Earl of Bristol, and William Hervey, Executors of his said Will; and that the said Testator, George William Earl of Bristol, by a Codicil to his said Will, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of October One thouLnd seven hundred and seventy-three, and also duly arrested, so as to pass Real Estates, after taking Notice of the said Term of Five hundred Years created by his said Will, by the said Codicil declared, ordered, [loc. isf Per.'} ii S and

99° 47* G E ORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cv.p. 57.

and directed, that his laid Trustee's, of the said Term, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should by and out of the Rems, Issues, and Profits, of his said Manors and Hereditaments, over and above the several Legacies and Annuities in and by his said Will charged thereon, pay the Legacies therin mentioned; and should also pay to the Testator’s Housekeeper, Mary Bristow, if living with the Tefiator at i is Death, for her Life, an Annuity of Forty Pounds; to the Testator’s Butler Alexander Robsrtfm, if living with the Testator at his Death, for his Life, an Annuity of Thirty Pounds; and the Tefiator thereby subjected and charged all and singular his said Manors and Hereditaments with the Payment of the said several Legacies and Annuities: And whereas, on the Eighteenth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the said Testatpr George IVAHam Earl of B> ijhtl dieu a Bachelor, and thereupon his Brother and Heir at Law, the said Amimus "John, who then became Earl of Bist of alone duly ptoved the said Will and Codicil of the said George William Eatl of Brijhl, in the Prerogative Court of tile Archbishop of Canterbury, and took Pofidlion of all his Persona! Estate and Effects, and thereout paid all the said TefatoPs Debts and Legacies, except the said Legacy or Sum of Ten th . aid Pounds, directed to be paid to the Children of the said Frederick Lard Bishop of Derry, afterwards Earl of Bristol, and except the several Annuities by the said Wiil and Codicil given: And whereas on the Twenty-second Day of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the said Auguius John Earl of Brill ol died, without leaving any ltfue of his Body, whereupon his Brother and Heir at Law, the said Frederick Iiervey Lord Bishop of Derry, became Earl of Bristol: And whereas the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, on the Twenty-first Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty, duly proved the said Will of the said Tefiator George William late Earl of Bristol in the Prerogative Court of the Arch-bishop of Canterbury, Power being reserved of making the like Grant to the said William Hervey, the Brother of the fai l Tefiator, and the other Executor named in the said Will: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, the said Indenture of Release being of Six Parts, and made between the said F ederick then Eari of Bri 'ol, of the first Part; the said John Augustus Lord Iiervey, of the second Part; Thomas Ryder Gentleman, of the Third Part; Thomas Penny-stone Gentleman, of the fourth Part; the Right Honourable Wilmot Earl of Lisburne, and the Right Honourable Conjtantine Lord Mulgrstve, of the fifth Part; and the Right Honourable John now Earl of Erne, then Lord Erne, and Sir Charles Davers Baronet, who is since deceased, of the sixth Part; and by virtue of Three common Recoveries for the Counties of Middlesex, Lincoln, and Suffolk, the several Manors of Barrow and Feltons in Barrow, Overhall and Neiherall in Shot ley, Bockinghall i:i Ash otherwise Ashbocking otherwise Becking Ash, the Mansion House called lek-.jorth Lodge, hkworth Park, the Advowson of the Church of Shot/cy, a Farm called J’eft ley Barrow Hall Farm, in Barrow, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in Barrow, a Farm in Sptoughton, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in Sprougbion, and the Advowson of the Rcftcry of Sproughton, and several Metfuagts, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments in Ashbocking, in the County of Suffolk, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Newton, Fleet, Wilford, ScndingTojiand 0 in

4/° GEORGII III. fcM 1 571

in Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, were. tcgrtker wuh the Castle of Old Sleaford in the said County of Lincoln, fnd other Minors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in he said Gourdes or Stffol’ and Lincoln, and in the County of Midd v, limited and tried to the Wes frdl 'tvfng, (that is'to say); as to and c nceming the i.,d Castle, Manors, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Lincoln, to the 5 fe and Intent that the hud John Augustus I,ird Hervey should receive and tak? thereout a clear annual Sum oryearly Rent of Two thousamr Pounds, during the joint natural Lives of him and the said Frederick late Earl of Bristol, with the usual Powers of Distress and Entry for securing the Pavmer.t of the fame annual Sum; and to the further Intent that the Right Honourable Elizabeth Hervey, commonly called Lady Hervey, then the Wife of the said John Augustus Lord Hervey, and now his Widow, if she survived the said John Augustus Lord Hervey, might and should, from and immediately after his Decease, out of the said Hereditaments, in the said County of Lincoln, have, receive, and take, yearly during her Life, for her Jointure, and in bar of Dower, but without Prejudice as therein mentioned, one clear annual Sum or yearly Rent of One thousand two hundred Pounds,'to be yearly issuing and payable out of the said Hereditaments, and to be payable quarterly on the Days therein mentioned, clear of Taxes, with the like Powers of Distress and Entry; with Remainder to the said John now Earl of Erne, then Lord Erne, and Sir Charles Dovers, their Executors, Administrators, and Af-signs, for a Term of One hundred Years upon Trust, for better securing the fame Rent Charges; and as to, for, and concerning the said Castle, Manors, and Here i*aments in the said County of Lincoln, charged as aforesaid, and subject to the said Term and also as to, for, and concerning the said Manors and Hereditaments in the said Counties of Suffolk and MUdlesex, to the Use of the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, and his Assigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade; with Remainder to the said Wilrnot Earl of Lifts urns and Constantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Frederick Earl of Bristol in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder, as to the said Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Suffolk (except the Mansion House ai:d Park at Tekworth), to the Use and Intent that the Right Honourable Elizabeth Countess of Bri/hl, then the Wife of the said Frederick Earl of Brijhil, but ftnee deceased, if fire survived the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, might from and immediately after the Death of the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, out of the said Manors and Hereditaments,-in the said County of Suffolk (oilier than and except the said Mansion House and Park of Ickworth, and Appurtenances), have, receive, and take yearly during her Life, for her Jointure, and in bar or Dower, a clear annual Sum or yearly Rent of Two thousand Pounds, to be issuing out of the fame last-mentioned Manors and Hereditaments, and payable quarterly, on the Days therein mentioned, with the usual Powers of Distress and Entry; with Remainder to the said John Earl of Erne and Sir Charles Davers, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years upon Trust, for better securing the said last-mentioned Rent-charge; and as to the said Manors and Hereditaments in the said County of Stffolk, subject and charged as aforesaid; and the said Mansion House and Park in the said County of Suffolk, and likewise the said Castle, Manors, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln and Middlesex, from and after the Death of the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, to the Use of the said John Augustus Lord Hervey, for his

99* 4.?° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 57.

Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the said Wilmot Earl of LJburne, and Constantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said John Augustus Lord Hervey, in Trust t-> preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the firit and other Sons of the said John Augujhis Lord Hervey in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the said Frederick William Hervey now Earl of Bridal, the l'econd Son of the said Frederick then Earl of Bristol far his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the said Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, In Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, in Tail Male, successively; with Remainder to the Third and other Sons of the said Frederick then Earl of Bristol, in Tail Male, successively; with Remainder to the Use of the said William Hervey, Brother of the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the said kVilmot Earl of UJburne and Constantine Lord Midgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said William Hervey, in Trull, to support contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said William Hervey, in Tail Male, successively; with Remainder to the said William Hervey, the Son of the before-named Thomas Hervey deceased, late Uncle of the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the fold Wilmot Earl of Lisburne and Constantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said William Hervey. the Son in Trust, to preserve erntir gent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of th ’ T named William Hervey, in Tail Male, successively; with Remained'- to the before named Henry Uervey Aston, Son of the said Henry Hervey otherwifi; Aston, late Uncle of the said Frederick Ear! of B istol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder tr the Life of the before named Henry Hervey Aston, Son of the said last-na i ad Henry Hervey Aston, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the said Wiimot Earl of Lijburne, and Constantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs during the Lives of the find Henry Hervey A/lon, and Henry Hervey Aston respectively, and the Life of the Survivor of them in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said Henry Hervey Aston, the Son, in Tail Male succes-fively; with Remainder to the second and other Sons of the said Henry Hervey Aston, the Lather in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the said Charles Hervey for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the Use of the said Wilmot Earl of Lisburne, and Constantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Charles Hervey, in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said ChaAcs Hervey, in '1'ail Male successively with Remainder to the said Felton Lionel Hervey, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the said Wilmot Earl of Lisburne and Constantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Felton Lionel Hervey, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the-first and other Sons of the find Felton Lionel Hervey, in Tail Male fucctfiively; with Remainder to the right Heirs of the said George William late Earl of Bristol-, in which said Indenture of Release is contained a Power enabling the said Frederick Earl of Bristol to make a Jointure on any future Wife or Wives,

in

993

47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 57.

In case he should furvire the said Elizabeth Countess of Bristol; and trie like Power to the said John Angujhu Lord Hervey, in case he Ihotdd survive the said Elizabeth Lady Hervey; and also a Power to the said John Augustus Lord Hervey to limit and appoint any of the said Manors and Hereditaments in the said County of Lincoln to any Person or Persons, for any Term of Years, to commence from his Death, inTruft, to raiicany Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, for the Portion or Portions of his Child or Children, not being an eldest or only Son; in pursuance of which last mentioned Power, the said John Augustus Lord Hervey made an Appointment, under which Appointment the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds was raised by Mortgage of Several of the Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln, in the said Indenture contained, but not any Part of the Hereditaments by this Att authorized to be sold as herein-after mentioned; and in the fame Indenture of Release is contained a Power to the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, and John Augustus Lord Hervey, to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of all or any of the said Callle, Manors, and Hereditaments (except the said Mansion House and Park) any Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, and to create a Term for le-curing the fame; under which last-mentioned Power the Sums of Three thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds were raised, and a Term of Two thousand Years, which was created in the fame Manors and Hereditaments comprized in the said Indenture of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, (except as aforesaid), for securing the said Three thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds, making together Five thousand Pounds; and which Mortgage is now vested in Francis Gojling and William Gojling, of Fleet Street, London, Bankers: And in the lame Indenture of Release, of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, a Power is given to the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, and the said William Hervey the Brother of the said Frederick late Earl of Bristol, William Hervey the Son of the said Thonnit Hervey, Henry Hervey Aston the Father, Henry Hervey Aston the Son, Charles Hervey, and Felton Lionel Hervey, respectively, when in Pei-session, to limit or appoint any Rent or annual Sum, not exceeding the clear yearly Sum of One thousan 1 two hundred Pounds, to be ilfuing out of the said Castle, Manors, and Hereditaments (other than and except the said capital Marfion House and Park at lekvuorto), to the Life of any Woman or Women whom he or they shoula respectively marry, for her or their Jointure or Jointures, and in Bar >i DoweT; but nevertheless so that there be not by virtue of the said Indenture, or the Powers therein contained, more than Two Jointures subsisting and payable at one and the same Time; and in and by the fame Indenture of Release Power is given to the said Wilmot Karl of Lif-burne and Constantine Lord Mttlgrave, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Frederick Earl of Bristol and John Augustus Lord Hervey, or the Survivor of them, to sell and dispose of, and to grant and convey in Exchange, the said Cattle, Manors, and Hereditaments (other than the said Mansion House and Park at let worth'), and to invest the Monies to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of other Lands; and the said Lands so to be purchased, and the Lands to be taken in Exchange, to be conveyed ami settled to the same Uses as the said Castle, Manors, and Bere-[Loo is? Per.] u T ditaments.

994

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. §ap.$7.

ditanients, were by the fame Indentures of Lease and Release conveyed, settled, and assured to, for, and upon; and in and by the fame Indenture of Release the said F> ederick late Earl of Bristol and John Augustus Lord Hervey covenanted with the said IVilmot Earl of Lisburne and Constantine Lord Mul"rave, their Heirs and Assigns, to bar the Estates Tail in the Copyhold Lands and Tenements which were then-tofore the Estate of the said John Earl of Bristol, the Grandfather of tile said Frederick late Earl of Bristol, and to surrender the same to the Use of the same Person and Persons, and for the fame Estate and Estates, as by virtue of the Limitations therein contained would be entitled to the Manors and Hereditaments in the said County of Suffolk thereby limited, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Tenure would pe’-mit: And whereas the said John Augustus Lord Heryey died on the Tenth Day of January One tftoufand seven hundred and ninety-*, without leaving any Iifuc Male ol his Body, but leaving the said Elizabeth Lady Herve) his Widow: And whereas the said Elizabeth Counted of Frisfpl the said Wife of the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, died on the Nineteen!# Day of December One thousand eight hundred: And whereas the said Frederick late Earl of Bristol, (who intermarried with Elizabeth Davers, Spinster,', died on the Eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, without having married again, and left the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, his second and youngest Son, his Heir Male, who thereupon became Earl of Bristol, and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said George William late Earl of Bristol, and in the said Indenture of Release of the said Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, became seised as Tenant for Life, in Poftellion of and in the aforesaid Castle, Manors, and Hereditaments, in the Hid Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Lincoln, and Middlesex: Aijd whereas the said William Hervey, the Brother of the said Frederick late Earl of Bristol, and one of the Executors of the iaidjTuftator George William Earl of Bristol, hath since the D: ath of the Lid FrcderickE&rl of Bristol, duly proved the said Will and Codicils of the said Testator George W'dliapi Earl of Bristol, in the said Prerogative Court of the Archbishop oiCaiitsr-bury. An ! whereas all the Debts and Legacies of the said John Lord Hervey, who died in or about the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-three, have been long since paid and satisfied, and the Annuities by the said John 1 ord Hervey’s said Will given are determined by the Deaths of the Annuitants, except an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds to each of the said John Lord lleryey's Daughters, the said Lady Caroline Hervey, and the said l ady Emily Hervey, both of whom are living, ynd have not been married, payable until they should rtfpcdtiydy die or marry; and except an Annuity of Two hundred Pounds payable to the said Wfl-Ham Hervey, One of the younger Sons of the said John Lord Hervey, during his Life who is also living; and no Arrears on the said determined Annuities remain due: And whereas all the Debts of the said Testator George William Earl of Bristol have been long since paid and satisfied, and also all the Legacies lo given by him as aforesaid, except Annuity Legacies, and except the said Sum of Tea thousand Pounds by the said Will of the said Testator George William Earl of Bristol, directed to be raised and paid for the Children of the said Frederick late Earl of Bristol, have also teen long since paid; and as to the said Annuities given by the said Will and Codicil of the said Testator George William

: ' . Lari

47° GEORGII III. Sell; 2. Cap. 57.

Earl of Bristol, the same are determined by the Deaths of the Annuitants, except the aforesaid Annuity of Three hundred Pounds, payable to ti^ said WUliamHervey, the Brother of the said Tellator Gsurge William i.^rl cf Bristol; the aforesaid Annuity of Three hundred Pounds to the Right Honourable Lady Mary Fitzgerald, the said Deflators Siller; the aforesaid Annuity of One hundred Pounds each to the said Ttftators Sifters, the said Lady Emily Her‘icy and Lady Caroline Hervey; and no Arrears are remaining due on any of the determined Annuities la(t-mentioned: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, made between the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol and the Right Honourable Elizabeth Altana Countels of Bristol his W ile, of the one Part, and the Right Honourable Robert Banks Lord Hawkesbury and Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton Baronet, of the other Part; he the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol did grant and demise unto the said Robert Banks Lord Hawkesbury and Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton, their Executors, Adminiilrafors, and Assigns, all that the Castle, and all and singular the Manors and Hereditaments comprised in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement of the said Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty', and thereby limited 10 the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol, for his Life (except such of the said Hereditaments as by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament for Redemption and Sale of the Land-Tax had been fold or agreed to be sold, and except such of the said Hereditaments as had been given hi Exchange for other Hereditaments); and also all and singular the Hereditaments which had been taken in Exchange, to hold unto the said Robert Banks Lord Hawkesbury and Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol should so long live, upon Trull, during the joint Lives of the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol and Elizabeth Albana Countels of Bristol, out of the Rents and Profits of the fame Hereditaments and Premises to levy and raise the clear annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds, and to pay and apply the same to and for the separate Use of the said Elizabeth Altana Countels of Bristol, by Way of Pin-Money: And in and by the said Indenture of the Seventeenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol did, by virtue of the Power given to him by the said Will of the said George William late Earl of Bristol, Unfit and appoint to the Use of the said Elizabeth A‘ ana Countels of Bristol, in case hie shallsurvive the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, for her Life, an Annuity or clear yearly Rent-Charge of One thousand Pounds, to be issuing out of all and singular the said Manors and Hereditaments, determined by the said Will of the said George William Earl of Bristol, devised and limited in Use to the said Frederick Willi.! >> now Earl of Bristol, for hi. Life as aforesaid (other than and except such Parts of the said Hereditaments as under the Acts of Parliament for Redemption and Sale of the Land- fax had been fold, or agreed to be sold, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land-Tax of the said Hereditaments comprised in the said Will), to be paid Quarterly, on the Days therein mentioned, and with such Powers of Entry and Dis-trefsas therein mentioned; and the said yearly Rent-Chargeof Onethoufand Pounds, with the Rent Charge of One thousand two hundred Pounds a-Year after-mentioned, to be in full for her Jointure, and in bar of Dower: And the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol, for better securing the due Payment of the said annual Sum of One thousand Pounds, did grant, limit, and appoint, unto the said Rotert Banks Lord Hawkeleurv and Sir Charles

William

4.7* GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 57.

William Rouse Boughtcn, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the Manors and Hereditaments out of which the said annual Rent-Charge of One thousand Pounds was appointed to be ift'uing and payable for a Term of Three hundred Years: And by the fame Indenture, the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, in pursuance of the Power given to him in and by the said Indenture of Release, of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, limited and appointed to the said Elizabeth Albana Countess of Bristol one Annuity or clear yearly Rent-Charge of One thousand two hundred Pounds, to be issuing out of the Manors and Hereditaments comprised in the said last-mentioned Indenture, and of which the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol was Tenant for Life, as aforesaid, (other than and except as aforesaid, and except such of the Hereditaments as had been given in Exchange, and except the said Mansion House and Park at Ickwork), and also out of all and Lingular the Hereditaments taken in Exchange: And by the said Indenture of the Seventeenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, gave like Powers of Entry and Diitrefs to the said Elizabeth Albana Countess of Bristol, for better securing the said Rent-Charge of One thousand two hundred Pounds; and he, the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol, for better securing the due Payment of the said Rent-Charge, or annual Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds, did grant, limit, and appoint, unto the said Robert Banks Lord Hawkesbury and Sir Charles William Rouse Houghton their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all and Lingular the Manors and Hereditaments out of winch the said annual Sum or yearly Rent-Charge of One thousand two hundred Pounds was therein-before appointed, for a Term of Two hundred and ninety-nine Years: And whereas the said Frederick William now Earl of Bristol hath Lfue Three Sons, namely, the Right Honourable Frederick William Hervey, commonly called Lord Henry, his elded Son, and the Honourable George Hervey, and the Honourable William Hervey, hrs only younger Sons, and Two Daughters, all of whom are Infants: And whereas the said William Hervey, who was the youngest Brother of tile said Testator George William Earl of Bristol, is living, and a Bachelor: And whereas the said Thomas Hervey, the Uncle of the said George William Earl of Bristol, died longfince, without leaving any Issue other than the said William Hervey his Son; and tire said William Hervey, died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, without leaving,any Issue: And whereas the said William Hervey, the Uncle of the said Testator George William Earl of Bristol, died in the Month of January One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, without leaving any Issue Male: And whereas the said 'Henry Hervey Aston, the Son 'ff the faulTeftator’s Uncle Henry Hervey o ther-wife Aston, died, leaving the said Henry Hervey Aston, his Son, and no other Issue Male; and the said last-named Henry Hervey Aston died on the Twenty-third Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety- eight, leaving Henry Charles Aston, his eideft'Son and Heir, and Arthur Ingram Aston, his only youngest Son, who are both Infants: And whereas the !aidCharles Hervey, the Uncle of the said Testator George William Earl of Bristol, died feveril Years since, without leavingany Issue: And whereas the said Felton Lionel Hervey died on the Ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, leaving Felton Elzuill Bathurst Hervey Esquire his eldest- Son anil Heir, who hath attained his Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the Man-fion House raised Ickworth Park Lodge, Part of the F.states entailed by the said Indenture of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred

and

997

5

i

)s

id

SE.

4

fe

a

fa

has :& !b w kti

M

*tn

or.

Ini

BT

ME

WJ

asci

kjiie

idv

Mb

eto

tin®

Jr*

Sw

mis

lists

t

K*

T*'

[s'1

igtS

$t-

I

k*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. <7*/; 57.

and eighty, is, and for many Years hath been, the principal Residence of the said Frederick R'7//wffl"Earl of B> istol and his Ancestors: And whereas the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol is leiled in Fee Simple of one undivided Moiety of a Freehold Estate in the said County of Suffolk, confiding of several Manors, Advowsons, Farms, and Lands, which are principally near and adjoining to each other, and are partly situate near and adjoining to the said Mansion House and Park at Ickworth aforesaid; and the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol has a Prospect of becoming the Purchaser of the other undivided Moiety of the fame Estate; and the said last-mentioned h state is very convenient to be held with the said Mansion I louse and Park at Ickworth: And whereas the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol is desirous that certain Parts of the Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said George William Earl of Bristol, and of the Hereditaments comprised in the said Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, which lie at a considerable Distance from the said Mansion House and Park of Ickworth, and are detached, should be fold, and that the Money to arise by such Sale should be applied in purchasina the Entirety of the aforesaid Fee-Simple Estates whereof the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol is at present seised in Fee of one undivided Moiety as aforesaid, or the Entirety of some of them, or in purchasing such other Estate' as shall be deemed proper and convenient, in Manner herein-after exprdfed: But by reason of the Limitations contained in the said recited Will of the said George William Earl of Bristol, and in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, in respect that there are not any Powers of Sale or Exchange in the said Will, or' in the said Settlement, which can now be exercised, a Sale of any of such settled Estates as aforesaid, and the Purchase of such other Estates as before mentioned cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject, the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol, on Behalf of himself and his said infant Sons, doth most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all those the Manors of Great Tiie Pr.n.ift£ Wendon and Little Wendon, the impropriate Rectory of Great Wendon and herein Jcicrib-ail and singular the Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments whatsoever, late of the said Testator George William Earl of Bristol in Great b^iud7 ° Wendon and Little Wendon, or either of them, in the said County of Essex (except the Advowson of the Rectory of Little Wendon, and the Advowson of the Vicarage of Great Wendon), and also all those Messuages or Tenements, with the Lands and other Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Fleet Leafing-bam, Newton Scred'wgtcn Off ournby, and Wi/sford in the said County of Lincoln, and all and singular the Messuages or Tenements in and near the Town of Sleaford, in the said County of Lincoln, particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act, and ailo all those the Manors,or reputed Manors of Barrow and Feltons in Barrow, Bockir.ghall in Ash, otherwise Ashbocking, Overhall, and Netberhall in Sbotley. and of Sproughton, in the said County of Suffolk, the Advowson of the Church, of Sbotley, the Ferry , called Sbotley Ferry, the Water Corn Mill in Sproughton, and all and fingu-lar the Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Barrow, Ashbocking,

Sbotley, and Sproughton, in the said County of Suffolk, comprised in the said Will of the said George William LztX of Bristol, and in the said Settlement [_Loc. & Perfi 11 U of

993

47’ GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 5 7.

of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, or in one of them; and also all these the several intermixed and other Lands situate in Westlfy and HorningJheath, in the said County of Suffolk, in the said Schedule particularly mentioned; all which said Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, Farms, Lands, Advowsons, and Hereditaments, herein-before mentioned, are more particularly described in the Schedule to this Act, and of which Hereditaments some are Part of the Estates drvifed by the said in part recited Will of the said George William Earl of Bristol, and others are Part of the Estates comprised in the said Indenture of Settlement of the said Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty; and all and singular Houses, Out-houses, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Ways, Paths, Passages, Easements, Waters, Water-courfss, Courts Leet, Courts Baron, View of Frankpledge, Liberties, Privileges, Hereditaments, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, so more particularly described or mentioned in the said Schedule, or to any of them, or any Part thereof, belonging or in any wise appertaining, or to or with the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, now, or at any Time heretofore held, used, occupied, or enjoyed, or accv pted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby vested in the Right Honourable John Hairy Lord Templetown and Chir ks Rose Ellis, of Claremont, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said John Henry Lord Templetown and Charles Rose Ellis, their Lleirs and Assigns for ever, freed, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and singular the Uses, Estates, Entails. Remainders, Limitations, Trusts, Charges, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements in and by the said Will of the said George William Earl of Bristol, and the said Indenture of Settlement of the said Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, re-speclively limited, expressed, or declared, of and concerning the same Hereditaments and i'remifes respectively, except the said Annuities of Three hundred Pounds, to each of the said John Lord Hervey’s Daughters, the said Lady Caroline Hervey, and the said Lady Emily Hervey, given by the Will of the said John Lord Hervey; and also, except the said Annuity of Three hundred Pounds to the said Lady Mary Fitzgerald, and the said Annuities of One hundred Pounds each to the said Lady Caroline Hervey, and Lady Emily Hervey, given by the Will of the said George William Earl of Bristol; and likewise except the said Term of Five hundred Years, so created, in and by the said Will of the said George William Earl of Bristol, for raising the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest for the Children of the said Frederick late Earl of Bristol, and for railing and paying the said excepted Annuities, and other Purposes therein mentioned, as aforesaid; and except the Trulls of the said Term, so far as they relate to the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and Interest, and to the railing and paying the said excepted Annuities, exclusively of the said’other Purposes); subject, ns to the Lands and Hereditaments in Scredington and OJbournby, to certain Mortgages charged thereon, or on Part thereof, under Axis of Parliament for inctofing those Parishes, and subject to the said Mortgages to the said Francis G fling and William Gojling, for securing the said Two Sums of Turee thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds: But nevertheless, upon the Trulls, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes, herein-after expressed and declared, that is to lay: Upon Trull that they the said John Henry Lord 'Ycmpletoivn and Charles Rose Ellis, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and

9 99

47° GEORGII III. Seit.2. Cap. 57.

and Alligns of such Survivor, do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be (with the Approbation of the said Frederick Wiliam Earl of Bristol, during his Life, to be tdtified by Writing under his Hand and Sea!, and alter his Death with the Approbation of the Person who, according to the Uses limited by the said Will and Indenture of Weleafe and Settlement, dated the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, would lor the Time being be beneficially entitled in Pofldlion to the hereby veiled Hereditaments and Premises for his Life, or for an Estate of Inheritance, if this Act was not made, to be teltified by Writing under his Hand and Seal, (or if such Person shall be an Infant, then with the Approbation of his Guardian or Guardians, to be tetrifled by Writing under his Hand and Seal, ot their Hands and Seals), make Sale and dispose of all or any of the said hereby veiled Hereditaments and Premises, either together or in Parcels, and either by publick Auction or private Contraft* unto any Person or Her Ions, at the bell Price or Prices in Money that can at the Time of such Sale or Sales be reasonably obtained for the fame; and, upon Payment into the Bank or otherwise, in Manner herein-after mentioned, of the Purchase-Money for which the said Hereditaments and Premises so hereby made saleable, or ar.v Part thereof, shall be so fold, do and shall convey and allure the fame Hereditaments and Premises, or such of them as shall be sold for any Purchase-Money which shall be so paid into the Bank cr otherwise, as herein-after is directed, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Hereditaments, and his, her, or their Heirs and /Aligns, or as he or they shall direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons to whom the ’ f!wr'

said John Henry Lord Templetown and Charles Rose Ellis, or she Survivor he'.'-uii V \ of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, shall, by virtue of this Act, make etiich' t _f any Sale or Sales of any of the Hereditaments and Premises hereby veiled Su:l:-

in Trull to be sold as aforesaid, shall, if the said John Henry Lord Temple-

town and Charles Rose Ellis, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Alligns of such Survivor, shall so require, pay the Whole or any Part of his or their Purchase-Money or Purchase-Monies, in or towards satisfying and difehatging the aforesaid principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, for the Children of the said Frederick Earl of Bristol, and the aforesaid principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds herein-before mentioned to have been raised by Mortgage under the herein-before referred to Appointment by the said John Jagustus Lord Hervey, and the aforesaid principal Sums of Three thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds, to which the said Francis Gojling and William Gosling are intitled as Mortgagees as aforesaid; and such principal Sum or Sums as is or are charged, by any Act or Acts of Inclosure, upon any of the Lands and Hereditaments entailed by the said Will of the said George William Earl of Bristol, and the said Indenture of Release and Settlement bearing date the Twentieth Day May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, shall be entitled to the principal Sums or Sum so hereby authorised to be satisfied and discharged; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons who shall be so entitled to the fame principal Monies respectively, shall be a sufficient Difclv ge and sufficient Discharges to the Person or Persons who shall make any such Payment.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of The Money Money which shall arise from any Sale or Sales made in pursuance of this no >Tj applied

3 to be p*id into

IOCO

the Bank, and stfrei wards tav«J out in the ur-chtfe ot Pic-mifei.

Till such Pur-ch*'es re made Money to be laid o.»t in the Purchase Navy Bil s, ice,

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 57.

Act, and shall not be applied in or towards satisfying and discharging any such principal Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Sale or Sales shall be made into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchasers of the Earl of Bristol settled E(fates, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the' Ad of the Twelfth If ear of King George the Firif, Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth: And so soon as conveniently may be after such Sum and Sums of Money shall have been so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, the fame shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, by the said Frederick Wiliam Earl of Bristol, during his Life, and after his Decease, by the Person or Persons who shall, according to the Uses limited by the said Will of the said George William Earl-of Bristol, and the said Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, be, for the Time being, beneficially entitled in Possession as aforesaid, if such Person shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians respectively, be laid out and inverted in the PurchaseorPurchafes of the Entirety of the Fee-Simple, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol is seised of one undivided Moiety, as herein-before mentioned, or of such Part or Parts thereof as shall be approved of by the said Court of Chancery, and in the Purchase or Purchases of the Fee Simple of such other Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be contiguous to or convenient to beholden or enjoyed with the said Manlion-House and Park at lekworth, in the said County of Suffolk, or of such other of the Hereditaments entailed by the said Will aed Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, and not hereby made saleable, or feme or one of them; and from and immediately atter making such Purchase or Purchases, the Manors, Messuages, Land*, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased, shall be conveyed, settled, and allured to the Uses, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Limitations, and Restrictions, which, by the said Will and Indenture of Settlements of the said Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, were respectively limited or declared of or concerning the same several Manors and Estates thereby settled, or such of the said Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, or Restrictions, as shall be then subsisting and capable cf taking Effect.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant-General, in manner herein-before directed, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Costs and Expences, according to the Direction herein-after contained, shall, in the mean Time, and until the fame Monies shall be inverted in the Purchase cf Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid out, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Navy, or Victualling, or Transport- Bills, or Exchequer- Bills; and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy, or

Victualling,

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap 57.

Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bill?, and the Money received so. the fame, should they or any of them be paid off by Government, shall be laid out, in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills; and all the said Navy and Victualling Bills, and i'ransport and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant-General, and shall there remain until proper Purchases shall be found and approved as herein before directed, and until the fame shall, upon Petition, fetti. g forth such Approbation to be preferred to the Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, by the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol, or the Person who, for the Time being, shall be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, or if such Person shall be under Age, then of his Guardian or Guardians, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant-General, for completing such Purchase or Purchases in such Manner as the said Court shall think jult and direct; and if the Money arising by Sale of such Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the whole Purchase- oney when laid out as aforesaid, then and in such Case, and only in such Case, the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful c rut cf

for the said Court of Chancery, if that Court shall so think fit, from Time m

to Time, to make an Order for taxing or settling all Colls, Charges, and Expences, which have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and puffing

this Act, and in making of the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and in making and completing the Sale and Saks of the Lands and Hereditaments hereby made saleable, and minvelting all or any of the Monies which, under this Act shall be paid into the Lank of England, in the Purchase of Lands ai d Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trulls and Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also, from Time to Time, to make such Order as the said Court shall think fit for Payment of such Coils,

Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall arise from any Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments under this A r, and shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising determined by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills to be purchased as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of cmifcate of the said Account General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one cf «"* Account-the Cashiers of the Bank of England to be thereunto annexed and therewith,

filed in the Regiller-Ollice of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment tb*- Bmku. into the Bank of England, by the Person or Persons becoming the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, payment of of his or their Purchase-Monies respectively, or of such Part or Parts thereof Money as shall not have been paid in discharge of Incumbrances, according to the Authority hereinbefore given, or of any Part of such Purchas'e-Monies, shall, from Time to Time, be and be deemed to be good and effectual Discharges to such Person and Persons, and to his or their re'speC'ive Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, and Al'ffgns, for the said Purchase-Monies, or [Loc. if Per.] n A so

I Q02

Until Sale,

R . ts to be t>niJ in the Persons entitled thricco*

How new Trut '$ ftisl! be appointed

4?° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.si-

so much thereof for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be respectively given; and after filing such Certificate* and Receipts as aforesaid, such Per ion and Persons shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the fit me Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Non-application thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until such Sales shah be made as afi. esaid, of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, they the said John Henry Lord Temple town and Charles Rose Ellis, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, shall permit and fiuffer the Rents and Prc fits of the said Hereditaments to be had, received, and taken by such Person or Persons as would respectively have been entitled to, and ought to have held, received, and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if both,

ot either of them the said John Henry Lord Temple town and Charles Rose Ellis, or any future Truffee or Trustees who flrall iucceed to them, or either of them, or shall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or desire to relinquish the Trails hereby in them or him repoied, or shall refuse or decline to ad, or become incapable to ad in the said Trusts, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall he fully performed and executed, then, and so often as any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol, or such Person as for the Time being would be beneficially erv filed in Possession according to the Uses limited by the said Will of the said George William Earl of Bristol, and the said Indenture of Settlement of the said Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, herein-before recited, to the Hereditaments hereby made falcable; 01 if such Person shall be an Infant, then by his Guardian or Guardians, during his Minority, from Time to Time to nominate, fub-stitute, ard appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees, in the Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and that when, and so soon, and as often as any new Trustee or Trustees shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, all the Trull Estates and Premises which shall then be vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desirous of being discharged, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid. either solely or jointly with the other Trustee or Trustees, as the Cal: may be, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred, in such Sort and Manner, and so that the fame Trust Estates and Premises shall and may be legally and efleftually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees thereof, and such new or other Trustee or Trustees, or if there shall be no continuing Trustee or Trustees, then in such atw Trustees only, upon the fame Trails, and for the fame Intents and Purpcfts as are herein-before declared of and concerning the said Trust Estates and Premises, or such and so many of the fame Trusts as shall or may be then subsisting and capable of taking Effect, and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things aft in the Management, Carrying-on, and Execution of the Trusts to which he and they respectively shall be‘appointed, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers 5 and

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 57. I003

and Authorities, to all Intents, Elfefts, C.ondruftions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally in and by this Act nominated a Trudee or Trustees, for the Purposes for which such new Trudee or Trustees respectively shall be appointed a Trustee or Trustees.

IX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Central Sue.cessors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick Wlll-V and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Frederick William Earl ot Bristol, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming, or to claim, under or by virtue of the said W ill of the said George William late Earl of Bristol, and the said recited Indenture of Release, of the Twentieth Day of

May One thousand seven hundred and eighty, or either of them), all such Edate, Right, Title, Intered, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, Hereditaments, and Premises, and every or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the pading of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act diall be printed by the To be printed

Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so prin- 8

ted, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and

others.

I 4-AbiEt5' ,rv;. - a,) ' - / "ft

n 7 1 tuft- iat

jur

IC04

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.$ 7.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Ad refers.

ESSEX.

-!< 4> ' 4U i ' >; ’t'jJ ulEJTOlTjf 1

NAMES OF PARISHES WHERE SITUATE.

The Manors of Great and Little Wendons, with the Fines and Quit Rents, communibus Annis A Farm and Lands, in the Occupation of John Robinson The Rectorial Tythes, and a Sheep-Walk for Ten Score Sheep, in the Occupation of the said John Robinson, and included in the above Rent of X301.

In GREAT CHESTERFORD Parish.

The following Woodlands.

Parsonage Croft -

Lady Croft -

Moon Croft -

Taylor’s Chafe - - - '

Pratfum -

John Shillito, junr.

Little Walden Park.

LINCOLNSHIRE.

NAMES OF PARISHES WHERE SITUATE.

FLEET.

AMcfluage, Out Buildings, Garden, and several doles of Land, in the Occupation of Richard Johnson

LEASINGHAM.

A Messuage, Offices, Garden, and two Closes of Land in the Occupation of Elenor Gorden

NEWTON.

A Farm-House, Buildings, Garden, and several Closes of Land, in the Occupation of P. Rogers A Wood, in Hand -

A Tenement, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of Thomas Parker -

A Cottage and Garden, in the Occupation of Wiliiapt

Sharpe - - - o

A Public-house, Yard, Garden, a nd Cofe, ir.the Cccu

pation of John Hodgson - - I 12

Number of Acres.

497 2 8

4 36")

o 16

2 30

107

18

145

*3

24

Rent.

82

301

In Hand.

64

52 10 e

*°5 5

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.tf. 1005

SCREDINGTON.

A Messuage, Buildings, Gardens, and several Closes, in the Occupation of James Bowles -

A Tenement, Garden, and Close, in the Occupation of Abraham Frarkling * -

A Tenement, Garden, and Close, in the Occupation of Anthony Sharp -

OSEOURNBY and SCREDINGTON.

AFarm-Koufe, Out-Buildings, Garden, and several Closes, hi the Occupation of Robert Lockwood

WILSFORD.

A Farm, Yard, and Out-Buddings, with several Closes, in the Occupation of John Rycroft A Public-House, Yard, Orchard, Gardens, and Closes, in the Occupation of Thomas Rycroft A Cottage, Garden, Orchard, and Close, in the Occupation of William Barnfdale House, Garden, and Paddock, occupied by the Poor of the said Parish -

OLD SLEAFORD.

A Tenement, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of John Brewett -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Thomas Sutton -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of John Tapster -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of John Elmore -

A Tenement, Garden, and Paddock, in the Occupation of Packard Salmopd ..

A House, Yard, Garden, and Paddock, in the Occupation of John Harrison -

NEW SLEAFORD.

A Tenement, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of William Simpson.

A Fublic-House, called The Boar’s Head, with a Cottage, Yard, Out-Houses, and Garden, in the Occupations of George Chantry and John Watson A Tenement, Shop, and Yard, in the Occupation of Richard Clayton.

A Dwellirg-House, Shops, and Yards, in the Occupation of William Armftan.

Number of Acres.

349

5

5

99

332

32

6

Rent.

£ ' 91 o

4 10

4 10

73 0

'53 0 14 14

7 0 4 10

2 2

4 o

4 10 6 o

[Lee. (s'. Per.]

ii7~

ico6

47° GEORGII III. ScfT.2. Ca'p.tf.

New Sleaford—continued.

A Pubjjc-House, called The Falcon, Out-Houses, Yard, Garden, and Bowling-Green, in the Occupation of Jane Flinders -

A Dwelling-’ louse and Yard, in the Occupation of Richard Mitchell -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Richard Thompajn -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of William Sutton -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of John Clipfon ..

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Robert

Hill -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Joseph Nalh ——

A] Dwe ling-House, Shop, Out-Buildings, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of John Sturton A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Rachel Smith -

A Dwelling-House, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of Eleanor I larvey -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Hannah Greenwood -

A House on the Lord’s Waite, in the Occupation of r Sarah Thompson.

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Solomon Upton -

A Hemp-Mill, Cottage, and Garden, in the Occupation of Joseph Fisher -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of James o Oznsin -

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of William Mortis and Edward Findall.

A Dwelling-House, Worldhops, Out-Buildings, Yard, and Gardens, in the Occupation of Richard Fofter and Joseph Merryweather.

A Tenement, Workshop, and Garden, in the Occupation of William Elmere -

A Dwelling IJoufe, Two Cottages, a Shop, Yard, and Gardens, in the Occupation of William Har-rifon -

A Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard, in the Occupation Of Mary Smith.

A Dwelling IJoufe and Yard, in the Ocupation of Charfes Smith -

A Dwelling House, Shop, Out-building, and Yard, in the Occupation of Thomas Obinfon 3

Number of Acres. Rent.

A. R. P. C- s. d.

O ON 25 0 0

O 0 12 3 3 0

O O kn 2 5 0

c 0 15 250

010 3 3

0 1 3 300

0 r 3 220

O 0 M> CO 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0

0 0 28 G 0

0 0 0 0

© 0 050

009 u 0 ©

008 0 0

0 0 32 0 0 *0

*0 0 0 880

014 2 0 9

0 0 c t 10 0

O t 12 I I to 9

006 12 0 0

0 0 C\ 9 0 0

o

19 10 o

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap.$7.

1007

New Sleaford—continued.

A Dwelling House and Yard, in the Occupation of Richard Spencer -

The George-Inn, together with all the Out-buildings, Yard, and Gardens, thereto belonging, in the Occupation of Mary Jobb and William Rigglcsworth The Angel Inn, together with all the Out Buildings and Yard thereto belonging in the Occupation of Richard Maples -

Peter Rogers,

Sleaford.

SUFFOLK.

The Manors of Barrow and Feltons in Barrow—Fines and Quit Rents, communibus Annis Barrow-Hall Farm, with the Sheep-Walk The Manor or reputed Manor of Bockinghall in Ash other wise Ashbocking—Fines and Quit-Rents, communi bus Annis -

Robert Welham’s Farm John Wel'nam’s Farm, Part Copyhold "

Thomas Todd’s Farm -

The Manors or reputed Manors of Overhall and Nether hall in Shotley Samuel Simpson’s Farm

The Ferry leading from Shotley to Harwich, with Ferry House and Buildings, and 2 A. 2 R. o P. of Meadow Land, and an Outmarsh Intermixed Land, in the Occupation of the Reverenc Batley.

The Advowson of the Rectory of Shotley, Incumbent between 40 and 50, and the Living supposed to be worth 525I. per Ann.

The Manor of Sproughton—Fines and Quit Rents, com munibus Annis -

Woodward’s Farm, in Sproughton Woodlands

A Water Corn-Mill, Barn, Stable, and Buildings, and Land -

The Advowson of the Rectory of Sproughton, Incumbent about 65 Years of Age, the Living supposed to be worth about 5sol. per Annum.

Intermixed Lands in Weilley Fields, Eight Pieces of Arable Land, containing -

Number of Acres.

A. R. P OO 6

O 2 35

892 1 0

219 3 13

191 1 20

95 2

S69 1 15

4 o

Rent.*

£ ' d.


45 0 o 50 © ©

20

420

140

120

55

7 o

385 10

34 10

3 o

243 0 29 44 0 0

H 2 1 > 250 0 0

14 1 2_ 45 0 0

5 3

iooB

47° GEORGIIf III. Sess. 2. Cap. 57.

The several Pieces of Arabic Land iu Wellley Field, following; videlicet,

Five Pieces in Newmarket Went, containing together Pert of the Thirty-Acre Piece, containing Th: ce Pieces in Hemland-Hill Went, containing together Two Pieces in Gibbet Went, containing together Black Close, containing -

Another Piece, containing -

Two Pieces of Arable Land, in the Common Fields of the Parish of St. James, in Bury St. Edmund’s, at the Heath-Way, containing together With the Rights of Sheep-Walk and of Shackage for great Cattle, and all other Rights in, to, and over the said Lands.

And also the Right and Interest of the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol, and those claiming under the Will and Settlement recited in the foregoing Act of Parliament over Sixty-three Acres and One Rood, Part of a Heath or Waste Ground, called the Plains, in Westley, on the Fall Side of the Boundary Line, or intended Boundary Line or Fence, dividing the E dates of the said Frederick William Earl of Bristol and John Stutter, o o c-; ' i

IN HORNINGSIIEATH.

A Piece of Arable

A Piece of Meadow -

One other Piece of Arable -

John Shillito,

Ickworth Park*

c c- ;-r. r

Number of Acres. Rent.

A. R. r. C- * d.

9 3 35

31 3 14

*1 3 *3

8 2 3°

21 2 3°

16 2 25

1 2 5

8 i 20

4 3° 1 3 3

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

C t -> o'----- ,* * . 4

ANNO QUADRAGE.SIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sell? 2-

tiivivttiMtih '*'*

Cap. 58-

An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfeld, in Trustees, in Trull: ! to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[1 ft-August 1S07.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Philip Dormer Earl of Chef- The Witl of lerfield, since deceastd, duly made and published his la ft Will and Testainent in Writing, bearing Date the Fourth Day of or Ch'iUi-’r June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and thereby gave and field-devised all his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, which he was then seised of, interested in, or entitled to, within the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Hertford, Derby, and Nottingham, or any of them, with their Rights, Royalties, and Appurtenances (subject to the Payment cf and charged with the Annuities or Rent Charges, and Sums of Money therein-after mentioned, and to an Annuity of One thousand Pounds a Year to Lady Stanhope for her Life, and issuing out of that Part of his Estate which was his late Brother’s) unto and to the Use of his God-ion Philip Stanhope now Earl of Chesterfield, by his then Name of Philip Stanhope Esquire, Son of his Kinfinan Arthur Stanhope Esquire, deceased, and his rtfligns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to Major General Sir Charles Hot ham (afterwards Sir Charles Thompson, since deceased) anti Beaumont Hotham now Sir Beaumont Hotham Knight, and their Heirs, during the Lifeof the said Philip Earl of Chesterfeld, inTrult to preserve Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and ether Sons of - > [Esc. fcf Per.] 1 i Z the

47° GEORGII ftl. Sdt. 2. Cap. 58.

the said Philip Earl of Chejierf.eld successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of Ferdinand Stanhope, Brother of the said Arthur Stanhope, deceased, and his Assigns,-for his Life, without Impeachment of Walle j Remainder jptjie Use of John Stanhope Esqpirc, eldest Son of the said Ferdinand Stanhope, and fais Assigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite'} Remainder (othe fame Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Son* of tire said John Stanhope successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of Michael Stanhope (Second Son of the said Ferdinand Stanhope) and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Walle; Remainder to the fame Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders; Remainderto the First and other Sons of the said Michael Stanhope successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of Arthur Stanhope(Third Son of the said Ferdinand Stanhope) and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade; Remainder to the fame Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the fame Arthur Stanhopf, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Arthur Stanhope successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Fourth and other Sons of the said Ferdinand Stanhope successively inTailMale; Remainder to the Use of hovel Stanhope (another Brother of the said Arthur Stanhope deceased) and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Level Stanhope, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said hovel Stanhope, successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of Edwin Stanhope (Son of Charles Stanhope Esquire deceased) and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs, during the Life of tho-said Edwin Stanhope, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Edwin Stanhope successively iq Tail Male, with divers Remainders over, with the ultimate Remainder to the Testators own right Heirs for ever: And the said Testator gave and devised all that his Manor and capital Messuage of Belftze, situate in the Parish of Hampstead, in the County of MiddleJ'cx, and sill and Angular the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, or which he held by Lease for laves of the Dean am} Chapter of Wcjhnin-fier, and all his renewable and other Estate, Term, and Interest therein, unto and to the Use of the said Sir Charles Hctham afterwards Sir Charles Thmpfon (fines deceased) and Sir Beaumont Hatbam, their Heirs and Assigns, during the Continuance of the said Lease; upon Trust neverthelefe for such Person and Persons, and for such Estates and Iaterefts, and in such Manner, and subject to such Powers and Limitations as are in his said Will before expressed, limited, and declared, of and concerning his thereinbefore dev ifedFreehold Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, or as near thereto as the Nature of the said Leasehold Estates would admit, to the End that the fame might be held and enjoyed, and go along with the said Freehold Estates lo long as might be, and the Laws of England would permit; and the said Tefiator directed that the Lease which he then had, or might have at the Time of his Death, of the said Leasehold Premises, should, from i ime to Time as Occasion might require, and the fame could be done on reasonable and equitable Terms, be renewed and filled up by and out of the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises, in the Names of his said Trustees or of the Survivor of them, or his Heirs; and that all new and other Leases to be obtained of the fame Premises, should remain, continue.

JOII

47° GEORGII Ilf. Cap.$8.

and be upon the like Trulls, and subject to the like Powers and Limitations, as are in hislaid Will before deviled, expressed, directed, or referred to, concerning the said Lease then in being, of and in the fame Premises, or as nearthereto as the Deaths of Persons, and other Contingencies, would admit: And the said Testator did by his said Will authorize and empower the said Philip Earl of Chesttrfield, and the several other Persons in Remainder after him, to whom an Estate for Life was therein-before deviled or limited, when and as they should respectively come into and be in the actual Possession of the said Manors and Premises, by virtue of the said Limitations, by any Deed or Writing, Deeds or Writings, under their respective Hands and Seals, ami to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to grant, settle, limit, or appoint unto and to the Use of any Woman or Women whom they had or should respectively marry or take to wife, either before or after fork Marriage, for the Life or Lives of such Woman cr Women respectively, in Nature of a Jointure or Jointures, and in Bar of her or their Dowe; or Dowers, any annual Sum or Sums, yearly Rent or Rents, Tax free, and without any Deduction to be issuing out of and chargeable upon the said Manors and Premises, or any Part thereof, not exceeding the clear annual Sum 6r yearly Rent of Two thousand Pounds, with proper Powers and iRemedies, by Distress and Entry, and Perception of Rents, for the better securing and enforcing the due Payment thereof, to take effect immediately after their respective Deaths, so that the Woman or Wom>*n to whom such Jointure or Jointures should be so limited or appointed, did and should actually bring, or have really brought, as a Marriage Portion or Fortune, One thousand Pounds at lead, or the Value thereof, for every Eighty Pounds per Annum which should be so limited for her or their Jointure or Jointures, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Jointure; and after giving several pecuniary and specific Legacies, the said Testator gave to the said Love! Stanhope and Sir Beaumont Hot ham, paid their Heirs, the several Annuities or Rent Charges of One hundred Pounds each, during the Minorities of Charles Stanhope and Philip Stanhope, therein named (which said Philip Stanhope is fmee decease d,) in Trull that they the said Trustees should apply the fame for their Maintenance during their Minorities; and upon the said Charles Stanhope and Philip Stanhope severally attaining their respective Ages of Twenty-one Years, the said Testator did will that the said last-mentioned Annuities should cease, and in lieu thereof he gave to each of them the said Charles Stanhope and Philip Stanhope, One Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of One hundred Pounds for each of their Lives, the said several Annuities or Rents to be issuing and payable out of his the said Testator’s Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, free from all Taxes and Deductions, with the usual Powers of Entry and Distress, and Perception of the Rents and Profits, in case the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, should be in Ariear; and after giving some further pecuniary Legacies, the said Testator gave to his Valet, James Waljh, One Annuity or yearly Rent of Eighty Pounds during his Life; and to Jemmy Waljh his Son, an Annuity or yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds during his Life; and to William Stanhope therein named, and (since dead) an Annuity of One hundred Pounds for his Life; and to Mrs. If/ley Widow (since deceased) an Annuity of Twenty-five Pounds during her Life, payable as therein is mentioned, with the like Powers’of Entry and Distress, and Perception of the Rents and Profits, in Default of Payment thereof; and after giving feme further pecuniary Legacies, the said Testator deviled all the rest 2nd Residue of his Real Estate to the said

Philip

ICI 2

Codic’l to the ]a;e Earl's Will.

Death of the late Earl.

That the Legacies have been paid.

The only An. nattier now charged.

The Lrafe-j,old at I-Iamp-,ead.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cip.58.

Philip Earl of Chef erfield and his Heirs for ever, and appointed the said Sir Charles Hot ham, afterwards Sir Charles Thompjcn (since deceased). Sir Bears-merit Hot ham, and Level Stanhope (also fmee deceased) Ex cutors of his Laid Will: And whereas the said Testator, by a Codicil to his said Will, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of February One thousand seven hundred and seventy three, after taking Notice that it had been discovered, since the making and executing or his said Will, that the Reversion of his late Brother’s Estate flood settled or limited by a certain Indenture, bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and thirty* fix, to the Use of himself the said Testator, and the Heirs Male of his Body, with divers Remainders over; and that it was by the said Indenture declared, that it should be lawful for him, by Deed or Will, to revoke all or any the Uses or Estates thereby expressed, limited, or contained, concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby granted and released, or any Part thereof; and by the fame Deed or Writing, or any other Deed or Writing, executed as ^herein mentioned, to grant, limit, or appoint any new or other Uses or Estates ofsthe Manors and other Hereditaments in the said Indenture mentioned, or such Part thereof as should be so revoked, did, iu order to obviate any Doubts that might arise by any informal Revocation of the Uses, Estates, Trusts, and Limitations, contained in the said Settlement, by the said Codicil to his said Will, by virtue and ill execution of the said Power, revoke all the Uses and Estates in the said Indenture expressed, limited, or contained, concerning the Manors and Premises thereby granted and released; and by the fame Codicil limited and devised the fame Manors and other Hereditaments to the Use of the said Philip Earl of Chcferfield, and the several Persons in Remainder after him in his said Will named, for such and the same Uses and Estates, and to and for such and the fame Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to the fame Powers, Provisoes, and Agreements, as the said Tef-tators Real Estates in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham flood settled and limited in and by Inis said Will: And whereas the said Testator died on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, without altering or revoking his said Will and Codicil, and all his said Executors have lince duly proved the said Will and Codicil in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas the several Legacies given by the said Will of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chcferfield, deceased, have long since been paid off by his said Executors, by and out of his Personal Estate and Efleets come to their Hands: And whereas the said several Annuitants, Philip Stanhope, William Stanhope, and Hfey, Widow, have all departed this Life, and the only Annuities or Rent Charges now subsisting, and so charged upon and issuing out of the said deflator's Real Estates, or Part thereof, as aforesaid, are those to the Lid Lady Stanhope, Charles Stanhope, Janies Waif, and Jemmy Waljh, who are ail now living: And whereas the said Lease of the said Manor and Estate of Belfize, in the said County #ol MiddlefeK, hath since the Death of the said Testator, pursuant to the said Will, been by the said Trustees in his said Will named, renewed with the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, by an Indenture of Lease bearing Date the Twenty-first Day of June One thousand seven hundred and tighty-six, granted by the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord I’ishop of Rochefcr, Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, and the Chapter of the fame Church under their

Seal,

41

\oi3

47° GEORGII III. Scir.2. Cap. 58.

Seal, to the said Sir Charles Thompson and Sir Beaumont Hot ham, to hold to them for the Lires of the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, his Royal High-liefe George Prince of Wales, and Philip Stanhope Smelt, all now kving, under the usual and accustomed reserved Rents, payable as therein is mentioned: And whereas the said/Y’/7/^Earl of Chesterfield in or about the Month of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, intermarried with Ann Thif/eihuiayte, and the said Ann Thistlethwayte died on or about the Second Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and there is not any Issue of that Marriage now living: And whereas indenture of by an Indenture of Settlement of Five Parts, beating Date the Fii'ft’of First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and May one made between the said Philip Earl of Chefierfeld of the First Part, the thcufara^fe-Right Honourable I.ady Henrietta Tbynne, Daughter of the moil Honour- aml ,}| "e!j, able Thomas late Marquis of Bath deceased, of the Second Part; the mod nine. Honourable Thomas, then and now Marquis of Bath, eldest Son and Heir at Law of the said Thomas late Marquis of Bath, of the Third Part; the Right Honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret and Arthur Stanhope Esquire of the Fourth Part; and William Strong of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex Esquire, of the Fifth Part (being the Settlement made previously to and in Contemplation of the Marriage then intended andfoon afterwards had between the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield and Lady Henrietta his now Wife) in Consideration of the said then intended Marriage, and of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, the Portion or Fortune of the said Lady Henrietta Tbynne, and for other Considerations therein expressed; he the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, in pursuance of the Power given to or vested in him by the said recited Will of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chef erf eld deceased, did grant, settle, limit, and appoint unto the said Lady Henrietta Tbynne and her Assigns, in case the said then intended Marriage should be had and solemnized, and she should survive the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, one annual Rent Charge or yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain (being after the Rate of Eighty Pounds per Annum for every One thousand Pounds of her Marriage Portion) for her Life, to be issuing and payable out of and chargeable upon all and singular the Manors or Lordships, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Hereditaments, and Premises, late the Estates of the said late Philip Dormer Earl of Chef erf eld deceased, and so devised by his said Will and Codicil as aforesaid for her Jointure, and in Bar of Dower, with all usual and full Powers and Authorities to recover the fame annual Rent or yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof) when in Arrear:

And whereas the Marriage between the said Philip Earl of Chesterfiddand Marriage of Lady Henrietta Tbynne was solemnized f on after the Date of the said recited Indenture of Settlement, and there is Issue of the said Marriage one Son, namely George Lord Stanhope, now an Infant of the Age of Sixteen Months, or thereabouts: And whereas the said Ferdinand Stanhope died on Deati. of r-r-or about the Eleventh Day of February, in tire Year One thousand seven hun- ^najld Stall' dred and ninety, leaving Issue his Three Sons,the said Jo/m Stanhope, Michael '

Stanhope, and Arthur Stanhope, him surviving, and no other Issue Male:; ,

And whereas the said John Stanhope on or about the Twenty-seventh Day funhope. ° of September One thousand seven hundred and e'ghty.four intermarried with Caroline Dent, and the said John Stanhope died on or about the Seventh Day of December, in the Year One thousand eight hundred, leaving Issue Three Sons, videlicet, Philip John Stanhope, Henry Stanhope, and Charles George Siarhope, all now Infants under the Age of [Loc. (A Per.'] t z A Twenty-

1014

John Stan Hope's Will.

Michael Stanhope hath m> I fine. Arthur Sran-Hope h th no llfuc Male. Drath of Lovel Stanhope.

Mates com-nrizrtl in the SJiedule.

Expediency of d.ipoling of Estates.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2, Cap. 58.

Twenty-one Years, him surviving, and no other Issue Male: And whereas the said John Stanhope, by his lad Will and Testainent in Writing, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, appointed the said Philip Earl of Chcjlerfield, and Arthur Stanhope, William Douglas Esquire, and Caroline Stanhope his now Widow, Guardians of his said Infant Children Philip John Stanhope, Henry Stanhope, and Charles George Stanhope, during their respective Minorities: And whereas the said Michael Stanhope is married, and hath no Issue: And whereas the said Arthur Stanhope is married, and hath no IssueMale: And whereas the said Lovel Stanhope died on or about the Twenty-ninthDay of September in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three a Bachelor: And whereas the said Edwin Francis Stanhope, in the said Will called Edwin Stanhope, in or about the Month of August One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, intermarried with the Right Honourable Lady Catherine Lyon, and the said Edwin Francis Stanhope died on or about the Twenty-ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, leaving Henry Ed* winStanhope, his elded Son, who hath attained his Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas Part of the Real Estates so devised by the said Will and Codicil of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield deceased as aforesaid, conftfts of the several Manors of Horton and Slapton Dagnall, and Elmere alias llmere, with the Estates and Appurtenances thereto belonging; and also the Farms and Estates of Stewkley, with the Manor and Estate of Buckland, and the Adwowfon of the Church or laving of Elmere alias llmere, all in the said Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and Herts, some or one of them j and the Manor and Estate of Hilton, and the Chief Rents of Twenty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings, Five Shillings, and Three Pounds Six Shillings and Fight-pence, payable by the F.arl of Harrington, Thomas Chawner, and Thomas Fitzherbert, out of their respective Estates at Elvaston and Cubley, and the Advowson of the Church or Living of Church Somerfal otherwil'e Somershall Herbert, all in the said County of Derby; together also with several Messuages or Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, in the Town and in the County of Nottingham, all which Estates are more particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and other Part of the Estates, so devised by the said Will, confills of the Manor and Estate of BelIJize, in the Parish of Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex, and which is Leasehold for Lives under the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, and is more particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed: And whereas the said Real Estates, situate in the said Counties of Buckingham, Bedford, Hertforcf, and Derby, some or one of them, and in the said Town and County of Nottingham, so devised by the said Will and Codicil as aforesaid, and comprized in the said Schedule, lie at very inconvenient and remote Distances from the Mansion Houses in the Counties of Backs and Derby, of the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, and other the o impact and principal Estates comprized in the said Will and Codicil, and are not capable of immediate Improvement; and the said Manor and Estate of Bellfize lies remote from such Mansion Houses, and such other Rea! Estates of the said late Earl, and therefore the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, and the said several other Persons in Remainder beneficially interested under the said recited Will and Codicil, are desirous that all such Estates should be veiled in Trustees discharged from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will and Codicil of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Cherjlerfield, deceased, and of the said recited Indenture of Settlement of the First Day of May

One

ioi 5

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 58.

One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in Trull to be sold; and that the clear Monies thence arising may be applied, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will and Codicil; but inai-much as by reason of the Limitations contained in the said W ill and ‘Codicil of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield deceased, the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, on Behalf of himself and his Infant Son the said George Lord Stanhope; the said Michael Stanhope, Arthur Stanhope, and Henry Edwin Stanhope, on Behalf oi themselves; and also the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, Arthur Stanhope, William Douglas, and Caroline Stanhope, on Behalf of the said Philip John Stanhope, Henry Stanhope, and Charles George Stanhope, the Infant Sons of the said John Stanhope deceased, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all those the said Manors or reputed Ivla- The Estates nors of Horton, Slapton, Dagnall, and Elmere otherwise llmere, with the herein >le-Hereditaments and Appurtenances thereto belonging; and also the Farm f^TrnaVes^ and Estate of Stewkley, with the Manor and Estate of Bucktand, the Ad- for Site, vowfon of the Church or Living of Elmere otherwise llmere, all in the said Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and Herts, some or one of them; and the Manor and Estate of Hilton, and the chief Rents of Twenty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings, Five Shillings, and Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, payable by the said Earl of Harrington, Thomas Chawner, and Thomas Fitzherbert, out of their respective Estates at Elvaston and Cubley, and the Advowson of the Church or Living of Church Somerfall otherwise Somershall Herbert, in the said County of Derby, together with the several Messuages or Tenements, Lands and Hereditaments, in the said Town, and in the County of Nottingham, all which are particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and R emainders, yearly and other Rents, Ilfues, and Profits thereof, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, shall from and after the passing of this Act, be settled upon and veiled in, and the same are from henceforth settled upon and vested in the Right Honourable John Thynne (commonly called Lord John Thynne) Arthur Stanhope and Willi am Strong Esquires, and their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said John Thynne (commonly called Lord John Thynne') Arthur Stanhope and William Strong, their Heirs and Assigns, freed and absolutely acquitted, discharged, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and every the Charges, Uses, Trulls, Estates, Terms of Years, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Agreements, created, declared, and made, of and concerning the same Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, save and except the said Annuity of One thousand Pounds a Year to the said Lady Stanhope for her Life, in and by the said recited Will and Codicil of the said late Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield deceased, or in and by the said recited Indenture of Set'lement of the First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or any of them, (save and except the Leases or Agreements for Leases, to or with the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, made pursuant to the Powers in that BHhalf contained in the fame Will)

but

ioi6

47° GEORGII III. SciT; 2. Cap. 58.

but nevertheless upon the Trusts, and to and for the several Intents an A Purposes, and subject to the Provisoes and Declarations herein-after exprefitd and declared, of and concerning the same respectively; (that is to lay), upon Trust that they the said Lord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs ami Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, with all convenient Speed after the passing this Act, with the Consent of the said Philip now Earl of Cheflcrfield, during his Life, and from and after his Decease, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Person or Persons who for the Time being would be entitled in Posselhon, under the Devises and Limitations of the said Will and Codicil, to the Rents and Profits of the Premises hereby settled and veiled as aforesaid, in case this Act had not been made, and in case such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then by and with the Consent of the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants, sell and dispose of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Livings, Advowsons, Rents, Hereditaments, and Premises, so hereby vested in them the said Lord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong as aforesaid, and in the Schedule to this Act annexed more particularly mentioned and described, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and of the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, either together or in Parcels, and by Publick Sale or private Contraft, unto any Person or Persons who shall be w'illing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the most Money or for the bell Price or Prices that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and upon Payment of the Purchase Monies in Manner herein-after mentioned, do and shall convey and allure such Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, and Premises so fold, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs or Alligns, or as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint, freed, i ifcharged, acquitted, exempted, and exonerated as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Manor, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, situate, lying, and being in the said Parish retted in Trufr of Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex, held for and during the Ktei for Sale. Lives of the several Persons named as CcJHtique Vies in the said Lease, and the Lives and Life of the Survivors and Survivor of them, and in the Schedule to this Act annexed more particularly mentioned and described, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be veiled in and settled upon, and the same are hereby from henceforth veiled in and settled upon the said I.ord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, their Heirs and AHigns, to the Use of them the said Lord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, their Heirs and Assigns, for and during the Lives of the several Persons named as Ccjluiquc Vies in the said Lease, and the lives rnd Life of the Survivors and Survivor of them, (but under and subject to the yearly Rents, Covenants, and Agreements, in the fame Lease reserved and contained, freed, discharged, exempted, and exonerated of and from all and every the Uses, 'lrufls, L(lates, Powers, Provisoes, Charges, and Limitations in and by the said recited Will and Codicil of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfciddeccafed, or in and by the said recited Indenture of Settlement of the First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or any of them, created, limited, provided, and declared, of and concerning the same; but nevertheless upon Trull that tVy the said John Lord Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong,

or

ioi7

47°GGEORG II III. Seir.2. Cap: $8.

ftr the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Pleirs or /vffigns of such Survivor, do, and shall, with such Consent as aforesaid, sell and dispose of such Lcafehcld Manor and Prertiifes, ei'her by publick Sale or private Contract, and together or in Paresis, unto any Person or Persons who fli3.ll be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the most Money and bed Price or Prices that can or may be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and upon Payment of tile Purchase Monies in Manner herein-after mentioned, do and shall convey and allure such Leasehold Manor and Premises unto the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint, freed, discharged, acquitted, exempted and exonerated as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise from any Sale or Sales, made in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Sale or Sales shall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchasers of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfield, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, after deduding such Colts, Charges, and Expences as herein-after-mentioned, shall, upon Petition to the said Court of Chancery in a ftimmary Way, by the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, or in case of Iris Decease, by the Person or Persons who, under the said Will of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield deceased, would for the Tune being (if this Act had not been made) be beneficially entitled in Possessionto the Manors, Advowsons, FreeholdMelTuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, hereby made saleable, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such PeTon or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or respective Guardians, during his, her, or their Minomy or rc'peftive Minorities, and under the Direction of the said Court;, be laid out ana mvelted in the Purchase or Purchases of other Manors, Meffuates. Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments oflnheritance, as Had be contiguous or convenient to be holdtn or enjoyed with the said Settled Estates not herein before directed to be sold as aforesaid, and as shall be approved of by the fai l Court; and from and immediately after the nuking or such Purchase or Purchases, the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, so to be purchased, shall be conveyed, settled, and allured to, upon, and for such and so many of the TJfes, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to such and so many of the Provisoes, Limitations, and Restrictions, in and by the said reared Will and Codicil of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield, deceased, limited and declared of and concerning the aforesaid Manors and Ercehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereby settled, as shall be then fubfuting, and capable of taking effect.

[Lac. x£ Ptr.~\ ilB

Purchase Monies so be paid into the Back.

Surp'us of Purchase Monty to be laid cut »n the Puicha'e of ©the f Elt.ttg,

ici8 47° GEORGII III. Sets.2. dap..$ 3:

mto'lhe be fa!'her enacted, That in the mean Time, and until the

Bink^howto Monies arising from such Sale or Sales, shall be inverted in such Purchase be- apj 1 td v.i or purchases as aforesaid, the same shall from Time to Time be laid out by t... nic.n.t me. t|ie Accountant General under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bill or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, Hull be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills; ail which said Navy and Victualling or Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in tire Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant G^keral,and shall there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved (as before directed) and until the same shall upon a Petition, setting forth such Approbation, to be preferred to the said Courtol Chancery in a l uminary way by the said Philip Earl oiChe/lerfield, or by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid; or if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then of his or their Guardian or Guardians be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General, for the completing any such Purchase or Purchases, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and meet; ?.nd if the Money arising by the Sale of any such Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills, which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall ex. ceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that case only the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representative or Representatives of such Person or Persons.

be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court

- of Chancery, and the said Court i3 hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to make such an Order as the said Court shall think fit, for taxing or settling all Colts, Charges, and Expences, which shall have been incurred in preparing and passing this Act, and in making the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof,and in making ami completing the Sales of the Hereditaments hereby made saleable, and in investing all or any of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into complete Execution; and also from Time to Time to make an Order for Payment of all such Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall arise from the Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments under this Act, and shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy or Victualtransm[^i]tt transmittling or Exchequer Bills, so to be purchased as aforesaid.

Wli»t shall be deemed a discharge to the Purchaser for his purchase Money.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, under his Hand, together with the Receipt or Receipts of the Cashier of the Bank of England, to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, shall from Time to Time, and at ail Times, be a good and sufficient Discharge and good and sufficient Discharges to such Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Manors and other Hereditaments and Premises,

ioi9

47° GEORGII ITT. Self. 2. Cap. 58,

hereby made saleable as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors,* Administrators, and Assigns respectively, for so much of the said Purchase Money for which such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, shall be so given; and such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and are and is hereby absolutely and for ever freed, acquitted, and discharged of and from the same; and he, she, or they, or any of them, after such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, shall be so filed, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of the said Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That* in the mean Time and until such Until s-.ie. Sale or Sales shall be made, as aforesaid, of the Manors, Hereditaments, and 1'tdas Premises, hereby authorized to be sold, and comprized in the Schedule'here- lieieiosure. unto annexed, they the said Lord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, shall permit and suffer the Rents and Profits thereof to be had, received, and taken by the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, or by such Person or Persons as would respectively have been entitled thereto, and ought to have received the fame, r.i case this Act had not been made.

IX. Provided always, That if the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, or any other Person or Persons, who (if this present Act had not been made and passed) would for the Time being have been entitled in Possession to the said Manors, Advcwfons, and other Hereditaments and Premises, hereby vested and settled as aforesaid. such Person or Persons then being of the Age of Twenty-one Years or upwards, shall at any Time before the Whole of the said Manors, Advowsons, and other Hereditaments and Premises, vested and settled as aforesaid, shall be fold in pursuance of this Act, be minded and desirous that the fame Manors and Advowsons and other Hereditaments and Premises so remaining unfold, or any Part or Parts thereof) shall not be fold, and shall signify such his, her, or their Mind or Desire, by any Writing or Writ ngs under their, his, or her Hands or Hand, of the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being for carrying the Trusts of this Act into Execution, then and in such Case all the Trusts, Intents, and Purpof s. Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, herein declared and contained for the S le of the fame Manors, Advowsons, and other Hereditaments and Pretni es, or such of them as the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, and such Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid, shall desire not to be sold, shall cede and be void; and the fame Manors, Advowsons, and other Hereditaments and Premises so remaining unfold, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed by the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being to such Dies, and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as would be therein respectively subsisting under or determined by virtue of the said Will and Codicil of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield, in case this Act had not been made; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Lord John Thynne, Powtrof

Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, or any of them, or any Trustee or or

Trustees, who shall be appointed in the Room or Stead_of them or any of new°Trujle«.

them,

If the Enrl of Ciielttrfuld, or any future Tenan for Life in Poflef-lion, and his eldefi Son, shall be desirous that the tnfold Estates should not be fold, and should give the Ti uftees Notice, then the Power of Sale to cease, and the unfold Estates shall be re-conveyen to the Dies of the iate Earl's Will*

1020

Trupees to detain to an-iwer Goto.

Rent Charges tlifchargerl br this riii (ba 1 remain Charges upon the JEltatch unlulct.

47° GEORGII IU. Sess. a: Cap.#.

them, as herein-after mentioned, or their or any of their Heirs or Assigns, shall die, or be desirous to be iulVh;irged front the Trails hereby created, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, in a fmnmcry way, on a Position to be preferred by the said Philip Earl of CheJUrjicld, or by the Person or Persons who would under the Limitations of the said Will and Codicil of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfeld deceased, be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, hereby made fakable as afore Said r if fuel) Person or Persons shall be of full Age; but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian nr respective Guardians, during his, her, or their Minority or respective Minorities, to appoint any Person or Persons proposed in the said Petition, or any Person or Persons named by the Court, to be a draftee or Trustees in the Room or Stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or defining to be discharged; and thereupon all such Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, or such of them as shall remain unfold, shall, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner as to become legally and effectually veiled in such new Trustee or Trustees solely, or jointly with the continuing Trustee or Trustees, as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall require, upon the Trusts, and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein declared of and concerning the same, or such of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking effect; and such new Trustee or Trustees shall, to all Intents, Effects, Contractions, and Purposes whatsoever, have alt the Powers and Authorities of the Trustee or Trustees in whole Room or Stead he or they shall be fub-stituted.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the present or future Trustees of this Act shall be answerable or accountable for the other or others of them, or for involuntary Losses; and (hat by and out of any Monies which shall come to their or his hands or hand, by virtue of any of the aforesaid Trusts, it shall be lawful for them or hint to retain to andreimbuife themselves and himself respectively, all the Costs, Charges-and Expences which they or he may respectively incur or sustain in carrying the Trusts of the present Act into Execution, and not herein particularly provided for.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding Part of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, originally subjected to the said Annuities or yearly Rent Charges of One hundred Pounds to the said Charles Stanhope, Eighty Pounds to the said James

' Wa/Jh, and Twenty Pounds to the said Jemmy Waljh, and to the said Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of Eight hundred Pounds to the said Henrietta Countess of ChesterficU, for her Jointure as aforesaid, are by the Operation of this Act freed and discharged of and from the same Annuities or Rent Charges, and all Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for compelling the Payment thereof; yet nevtrtheless the said Annuities or yearly Rent Charges shall respectively be and remain, and continue to be issuing and payable out of the Residue of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Here-.itaments, originally charged therewith, and not hereby veiled in Trust to be sold as aforesaid, with a'l Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for recovering and compelling Payment of the fame from and out of such

Residue

1021

i

iH

I

b

td

k

fe

s

nil

«i

d

its

ii-i

itia

R»

a. is (U ifcj

&B,

cia

t&f tht it ef «of jam

ilfS

EOT'

>F

tod

5$

lid

/3?

I is-

rsd

ftf-

IS*

gd

3*

i*

id

4.7® GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 58.

Residue of the fame Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, in such and the same Manner as if the Lid Residue of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, had been originally the only Premises subject to the Payment of the fame Annuities or yearly Rent Charges.

XIII. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and General Successors, and to the said Lady Stanhope, in respect: to her said Annuity Sjv;3£-of One thousand Pounds for her Life charged on the Estates in the County of Bucks as aforesaid, and to all and every other Peribn and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, or their lefpective Heirs, Successors,

Executors, and Administrators. other than and except the said Philip Earl of Chesterfield, and his first: and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such Sons respectively; and except the first and other Sons of the said Ferdinand Stanhope decea!ed, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such Sons respectively; and also except the first; and other Sens of the said Edtvin Francis Stanhope deceased, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such Sons respectively; and also except the Trustees of the said Leasehold Premises, and the Trustees to prefetve Contingent Remainders, in the said \Vill of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield deceased; and also except the said several Annuitants Charles Stanhope, James Waljh, and Sentry H'aish, and except the said Henrietta Countess of Chesterfield; and also except the right Heirs of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield deceased; and Alio except all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, and their Heirs Or Issue, claiming or deriving any Estate, Title, or Interest, tmdet or by virtue of- the Lid Will and Codicil of the said Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield deceased, or under or by virtue of any of the Estates,

Lhintafions, VL-6, Trails, Charges, Powers, or other Provisions therein (except the Person or Persons claiming in respect of any Leases made pur-fuanrto the Powfcr in that Behalf contained in the said Will) all such Elute, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to er out of the said Manors and other Hereditaments and Premises, hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, and every or any Part thereof, as they, tvsry, or ahv. of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, ot enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Act to be Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so Lr"tfdp *11 printed, fhrdlbe admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and t-.r"* JU"’ others.

[Lee. & Per.] 12 C

The

1

1022

4-7° GEORGII III. Scit.2. Cap. 5S.

n: ! a)o j

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Ad refers.

In the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and Herts,

tn the Parishes of DAGNALL, EDELSBOROUGH, STUDHAM, and WHIPSNADE.

Quantity of Acri

In the County of Bucks.

In the Parish of ELMERE, otherwise ILMERE j

The Manor of Elmere, otherwise Ilmere, with ita Rights, Royalties, and Appurtenances.

I: C

The Perpetual Advowson of the Rectory of Ilmere, with 1 the Vicarage annexed - - - /

A Farm called the Middle Farm, in the Occupation of 1 John Kingham, containing - J- J

A Farm called the Lower Farm, in the Occupation of 1 John Kingham, containing - - - /

A Farm called Ilmere Grounds, in the Occupation of] John Darville, containing - J

The Manor of Horton and Slapton, comprizing a few I Freehold Quit Rents, of the annual Value of - - J

The Manor of Dagnall, and a Farm called the Upper I Farm in the Occupation of Thomas Batchelor con- > taining - - -)

A Farm called the Lower Farm, in the Occupation of 1 Richard Gaddefden, containing - - /

A Closeof Land called How Close, in the renting of thel Earl of Bridgewater, containing - j

A Cottage built on a Piece of Wade belonging to the] Manor, at a Quit Rent of - j

Annual Quit Rents, amounting to -

a. k. r.

»J9 3 4 268 3 6 610 00 3S

535 1 5

19S 1 24 127 2 27 7' 3 ij

Yearly Rent*.

£. d. — 7 I0f

ijo-----

150-----

476

- 5

3 2

So .8; J30 63

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 58

I02J

- :t ' i wo- jt a

A Tenement, and Cow Commons, called Co; bour, in the Occupation cjf John Gonun, containing -; -

A Cottage and Garden in the Occupation of the Rider, containing Annual Quit Rents, amounting to A Modus paid by Matthew Rapcr, Esquire

In the Parih of STEWKLEY;

A Farm called Littlecoat Farm in the Occupation of 1 Joseph Webb, containing A Close called Old Eeighton Close, in the Occ of James Beavan, containing

In the Parish of BUCKLAND;

Farm, in the Occupation of William Denham containing -

A Piece of Land, let to Griffin

Annual Quit Rents, amounting to Fines and Henots (Communions annis)

An Annual Rent paid by tue Grand Junction Company -

In the County of Derby.

In the Parishes of HILTON, ELY ASTON, and

SOMERSALL j

Rent of -

A Piece or Land let to Gervaife Smith, at A Chief Rertt, lffuing out of the Earl of HarrlncrtOn's] El.ate at Elvafttn, of - _ ° _ l

ACh’ef Rent, charged on the Estate of the Reverend] Thom is Fitzherbert - w , J

A Chief Kent, charged on the Estate of Thomas , Chawner Esquire, of . . i

(Quantity of Acres Yearly Reiiti.

A. R. r. si

| j6 33 18 -

l } o i 17 a S —

- *5 7 8*6

414 3 6

J- 116 2 S I JO

| y 3 10 *J

146 1 8

| 44 3 *S 40

IOO ~ 5 —

- *3 S 6

10 12

CO eo w-

\\ - - 4J 10 8

- 18 —

- 32 13 —

- s —

- 3 6 8

k 80 -

1

*9*4 47* GEORGII Itr- ge(r.2. Cap. 58.

ft! the Town of Nottingham.

A Dwelling House, situate id Cheapside, Nottingham,' in the Occupation of Mr6. Mather, at a Rent of J A Dwelling Hotlfe, in the Middle Pavement of the said't Town, in the Occupation of Mr. Huthwaite, at a > Rent of - - J

AFarrier’s Shop and Premises in the Middle Pavement,'! in the Occupation of Thomas Fcarnhead, at a Rent > of - - - 1

A Small Hotlfe in tha said Middle Pavement in the Occupation of Thomas Selby, at a Rent of A Dwelling House, situate in Bottle Lane, in the Occupation of George Nelson, at a Rent of A Close of Land situate at Beafhill, in the said Town.v in the Occupation of John Feilowes Esquire, but Com- J mon part of the Year; viz. from August to November, j containing about - - - J

I L ’f /HVl

>5' ..J~

In the County of Nottingham.

In the Pari ill at fcNENTON;

terfein Allottnenta of Land let to John Summers, Tho-'y mas Wright, Thomas Femhead, John Colclhaw, I Richard /ilvey, Allenborough, add Charles f

OlBorne, containing - - J

in the Parish of HINTHAM 5

Certain Allotments of Land, comprizing

In the Parish of CAUNTON;

An Allotment cf Land, let to Jeff, Taylof, containing

Itt the Couhfy of Middlesex.

Id the Parish of HAMPSTEAD;

The Manor of Belfize, and the several Farms and Lands following, held upon Lives of the Dead and Chapter of tVeltnJinller; viz.

A Dwelling House, Farm, and Lands, ifi the OCcupa-1

tion of Johti Milligan Esquire, contaididg - ‘ J

Quantify of Acres. Yearly Rents.

-a’I e t

So*

30 o t8

5* 3 3i

«9 S

£. /. d.

4 4 —

1 .1 a.

JJ-----

4

4*

44 to —

jo —

102

47° GEORGII III. Sell 2. Gup. 58.

A Foute, Cottage, Bam, and Lands', in the Occupation 7 of John Holyland, containing - - J

Two Houses, Orchard, and Gardens, in the Occupation I of Compigne, containing

A Houfir, Garden, and Lands, in the Occupation of Mr. Pryor, containing Three Houses, Garden, and Intake, in the Occupation of Thomas Roberts Esquire Belli ze House, Garden, Orchard, Park, and Land in the Occupation of the Right Honourable Spencer Perce val. -

A Farm and Lands in the Occupation of Thomas Al-laly > - - - 5

A Farm and Lands, in the Occupation of William Ro- £ thery, containing - - - V

Three Houses, Gardens, and Land, in the Occupation of J B. H. English, containing - - - J

A Piece of Waste, in the Occupation of B.H. English 7 containing - - - J

The lied Lion Public House -

A House and Land, in the (Occupation of Ralph Keddy A House and Land, containing about Nineteen Perches,!

in the Occupation of William Bonnington *- J

A small Piece of Ground at Haverstock Hill, in the Occupation of Mrs. Marsh, containing

-i

Quantity of Ac t?*.

A. R. p.

4° O w

2 20

ai I *7

4 I 2S

42 3 13

3 1 13

44 3 13

21 2 »3

0 1 10

0 0 20

0 0

0 0 26

Yearly Rcm«.

£. t. d. i(io -

I0I-----

10 -

237 13 — jy6 9 —

220 -

9'-----

in 6

3 o-----

i 35-----

in 6

The Estates comprized in the Will of the Right Honourable Philip Dormer, Earl of CheiTerfield, deceased, on which the said yearly Rent Charges, of One hundred Pounds to Charles Stanhope, Eighty Pounds to James Wallh, and Twenty Pounds to Jempiy Wallh, and the Jointure of Eight hundred Pounds to Henrietta Countess of Chesterfield, are charged, and which are not to be sold or disposed of by virtue of this Act, are of the annual Value of Six thousand Pounds and upwards.

Ur‘" Strong Steward to the said Earl.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

<NKM»*»i|H|t»*i iMlj»*t m+*

Cap. 59.

An Act to enable Henrietta West Spinster, and James West Esquire, and their Lefleefor the Time being, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands (devised by the Will of Sarah West deceased) in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Eermondsey, in the County of Surrey. [ ill August 1807.]

WHEREAS by Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the Twenty- Tnd«nt-»re, fourth Dav of September One thousand seven hundred and fever,tv, James West of Alftct in the County of Warwick 'Tu’h jnn-» Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, demised unto John Rolls (now deceased) of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Eermondsey, in the County of Surrey, wife«iemifca the fever.il Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments situate and being in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Eermondsey, in the County of Surrey, in the rju on lid. said Indenture mentioned, and in the First Schedule to this Act annexed particularly described, to hold unto the said John Rolls, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Feast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel next ensuing the Date of the said Indenture of Lease for and during the Term of Sixty-one Years, yielding and paying, during the said Term, unto the fame James Wesi and Surtfiiiis Wife, their Heirs or Assigns, the yearly Rent or Sum of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds: And whereas by In- $ir>h uv.ft denture of Lease, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, the said Sarah West, then of Pert- V'lohf p.f *. man Square in the County of Middlesex, Widow, demifrd unto the said Jqbn Rolls the several Mefluases, Lands, and Tenements Gcuate, lying,

[Lee. if Per.J 13 E and

1070

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 59.

and being in the Parish of Bermondsey aforesaid, in the said Indenture mentioned, and in the Second Schedule- to this Act annexed particularly described, to hold unto the said John Rolls, his Executors, Adminillra-tors, and Assigns, from the Eealt Day of Saint Michael the Archangel then last pall, for and during the Term of Sixty-one Years, yielding and paying unto the Did Sarah West, her Heirs or Assigns, the yearly R^ntof West vy Two hundred and fifty Pounds: And whereas the said Sarah West duly ‘,il’Led made and published her Eft Will and Testamer.t in Writing, in the Man-d-'nhfed oef-5 ner prescribed by Law, for Devises ot Re.d Estates, beaiing Date the tain Prerm es Thitd Day of June in the Year of Our Lord One thousand seven hundred t"eu'fc of the" an^ nmety five. and did thereby give and devise, amongst other Thtrgs, PeiCms herein all her Messuages Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and mentioned, being in the several Parishes of Saint John, Southwark, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, or elsewhere, in the County of Surrey, unto and to the Use of William Sheldon of Gray’s Inn in the County of Middlesex Esquire, and John Hofter of Great George Street, Westminster, Esquire, and their Heirs, upon Trust, by Mortgage or Sale of a competent Number or Part of the said Hereditaments, or out of the Rents and Profits thereof, to raise such Sum or Sums of Monty as should be necessary to pay all the Mortgage Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances secured or charged upon the lame; and also upon Trust, out of the Kents and Profits of the said Hereditaments, to taife and levy the yearly Sums of One hundred and fifty Pounds, and One hundred Pounds, and pay the fame respectively unto her laid Daughter Henrietta West, and her Grandson Thomas Philip West, during their respective Lives, as therein mentioned; and, subject to the said Trulls, the said Teflatrix declared that her said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Surrey and LJfex, should be in Trult for her Daughters the Right Honourable Sarah Lady Archer and the said Henrietta West, and the Survivor of them, for and during their Lives and the Life of such Survivor; and from and after the Detealc of the Survivor of them, the fame should be in Trust fur her Grandson James West, for and during his Life, and from and after his Decease in 1'ruil for the First Son of her said Grandson James West, and the Heirs Mali; of the Body of such First Son; and in Default of such Ifluc, in Trust for the Second and every other Son of her said Grandson, ieverally and successively in Tail Male; and in Default of such Issue, ih Trust for her said Grandson Thomas Philip West, and his Heirs for ever: And the said Teflatrix did, in and by her laid Will, declare that it should and might be lawful to and for her said Daughters Sarah Lady Archer and Henrietta West, and the Survivor of them, and her said Grandson James West, as and when they reflectively should be in the actual Possession of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, under and by virtue of the Trufh of the said Will, by Indenture or Indentures under their respective Hands and Seals, to demise or lease the lame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Yeats, not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, in Possession, so as upon every such Demise or Lease there be reserved and made payable, during the Continuance thereof, the belt and mofl improved yearly Rent or Rents that could be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, without any Sum of Money or other Thing being taken by Way of Fine or Premium, for or

47c GEORGII III; Sefl*.2. Cap.$9. 1031

in respeff of the making thereof; and so as no such Demise or Lease be made dllpuni liable of Wade, and so as in every such De.nife or Lease there be contained a Clause or Condition of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be reserved, and so as every P^rfon to whom any such D?m:fe or Lease shall be made do execute a C mnterpart thereof:

And whereas the lai FSdrab West departed this Life on or abouc the Twenty-

first D ijr of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand ("even hundred

and ninety nine, without revoking, or altering her said Will, leaving her

said Daughters Sarah "Lady Archer, ami Henrietta IVft, and her said

Grandson Jarr.es West, her surviving: And whereas the said Sarah Lady

Archer departed this Life on cr ab ;ut the Twenry-seventh Day of February

in the Year of our Lord One thousai.d eight hundred and one, and the said

Thomas Philip' West diction or about the Eleventh Day of May in the

Year of our Lord One shoul’and Even hundred and ninety-lrven, an

Infant, of the Age Of Thirteen Years, or thereabouts, unmarried, and

without Issue, leaving the said James tVft, h:s only Brother and H ir at

Law: And whereas the said Henrietta West is now in Receipt of the Rents

and Profits of the said Effaces, under and by virtue of the said Will cf

the said Sarah West, and has never been married: And whereas the said wiil«fj->!m

"John Rolls departed this Life oh the Eighth Day of September in the Year RjU ret‘tei1'

of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and one, possessed of the said

Leases and of the said Messuages, Land?, and Hereditament', thereby

dem’fed for the Remainder of the said Terms of Sixty-one Years, and

Sixty-cne Years thereby severally granted, having firit duly made and

published his last Will and Tefiamenc in Writing, bearing Dare the

Twenty-sixth Day of August in the Year of our L rd Ore thousand eight hundred, and thereby gave and devised all his Freehold Messuages,

Land?, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the fever,.! Counties of Surrey,

Monmouth, and Middlesex, and elsewhere, unto and to the Use of Jus Wife Sarah Rolls, his Scn-in-law Felix Whitmore, and ihe above named John Hoftrr, and their Heirs, in Truss, after the Payment of certain Annuities, Debts, and Lrgacies therein directed to be paid for his Son John Rolls, for and during his Life, without Impeachment of W,lte, and after his dreeafe, in Truss for fhc Firit Son of the said Join Rolls, and for the Heirs Male of the Body of such First Son, with divers Remainders ove', and the said Testabr declared that it should be lawful to and for his f id- 5cm, for and during hi? Life, by Indenture, or Indentures under his H? 11 a d Seat, to demile or leife’nis said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ami-Hendir.urte^itt', or any of them, unto any Per fun or Ptrions for any Ty T ' NurftVr Of Years; hot exceeding Nir.ety-nitje Year^, rp Puf-

; V ft V, r ’ W , of future liner ft, Id as upon

trP't'f hF%i.yf}lthnt)emtf<*‘or Lepfe rfceite Be /efcnjeclj and made payable thereof, (Ke b ft and most improved yearly Rent c* Re" s thftbtfbWd tie rFafonably had or "gotten for the fame, witjaouc xt1 c i.m of Money, dr other Thing being taken by Way of Fine or p.e;r:ij-r. for dr in r'^speOVof the glinting thereof j and, so as no such Betfue’-er Lease be made (Jifounithable of Waste, or without a Clause or t nilib - of Re-entry', on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be rehrved; and so as every Person to whom any Lch Demif? or Lease fho'hd be made do execute a Cdupce'rpart there.:fAnd the said Teflacor did also gtve and bequeath, all"the Mr Images, Lands, and Tenements situate and being in the* County of Surrey, or e flew He re, which htheid by Lease

for

103:

47° GEORGII ill. Sell'. 2. Cap. $9.

for any Term or Terms of Years, subjeef to the Life Interest of his said Wife, in the Messuage and other Premises which he then inhabited, and all his renewable or other Interest therein at the Tune of his Decease, unto his said Wile and Son in-law Felix Whitmore, and the said John llofier, their Executors and Administrators, in Trust for such Person or Persons, and Lr such Estates and Interests, and in such Order and Manner as arc in his said Will before limi.ed, declared, expressed, or directed, of or concerning his said Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or as near thereto as might be, or the Nature thereof would admit, to 1 he I tent that his said Leafeho.d Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, might be held and enjoyed, and go along with his said Freehold Mcliu ges. Lands, Tencmems. and Hereditaments, so far as might be, and <he Rules cf Law oir Equity woulJ allow; and after bequeathing fever- Legacies, the said Testator appointed his said Wife, and his Son the said John Rolls, Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Sarah Roils died in the Life-time of the Testator, on the Seventh Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, and the said John Rolls the Son proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of his G ace the Archbishop of Canterbury, and took on himself the Execution thereof: And whereas the said John Rolls the Father, in his Lift-ttnte, let off divers Parts of the Lands and Tenements so demised to him by the before-mentioned Leases to several Persons for the Whole ar ntarly the Whole of his Term therein, which under Lessees have laid out large Sums of Money, and considerably improved the Premises demised to them respectively, but great Part of the Land so demised to the said John Rolls deceased still remains in the Possession and Occupation of the said John Rolls the Son, under or by virtue of the Bequtft in his said Father’s Will, or is held by sundry Persons as Tenants to him for short Terms of Years: And whereas the Rents and Profits of the said Lands so in the Pofllffion and Occupation of the said John Rolls the Son, or of the Persons as Tenants to him for fltorc Terns of Years, being the Lands particularly mentioned and described in the Third Schedule to this Act d'jce't'e Tons' innext<h may *3e gtcatly improved if Demifesor Leases were granted for such Term or Terms of Years as would induce Persons to expend Monies M.mevun jn Building upon the said Lands and Tenements, or in making other Improvements thereon; but by Reason of the Limitations, or Devises contained in the Will of the said Sarah West, no such Demises or Leases can be effectually granted, during the Remainder now to come of the respective Terms so granted to the said John Rolls deceased, without the Aid and Auhority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Henrietta West, James West, and John Rolls, do most humbly belecch Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it eraded by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afit-mbled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, and at any Time or Times during the Remainder of each of the said several Terms of Sixty-one Years, and Sxty-one Years so granted to the said John Rolls deceased, by the hereinbefore mentioned Indentures of Lease, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Henrietta West and James West, or the Survivor of them, and from and after the Decease of such Survivor, to and for such Person or Persons as may be entitled to the said Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments

Premiff*

might be greatly improved if Leafei were

Building*.

Henrietta Welt und James Welt, vi h Iohn Rolls, may gram L^afe'

111 the Manner herein-n>«n-tiriiid of the said t e ifehwld Premises elemiieil to

I . eyM Ik- i. % I '

47°georgh in sett. 2. Cap.$9., *033

ments of the said SaraF /Tc/?, under or by virtue of her laid Will, with the said John Rails the Son, pr the Person or Persons who for the Time ,iertheln-being shall be entitled to the said Lehfeholtj PremiJ^, under the Will of dentur« bt. the said John Rolls deceased, if such Pet ton or Persons shall be of lull tiUned.

Agej but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then with his, her, or their Guardim or respective Guardians, {luripgfiis, her, or their Minority or respective Minorities by Indenture or Indentures, to be- by them respectively sealed and delivered, to demise, lease, and grant all, or any Part or Parts of the said Land_s and.Hereditament*, granted anti demised to the said Jolrtt Rolls deceased, in and by the-said respective Indentures of Lease of the Twenty-fourth Day of September One thousand ftven hurdred and seventy, and the Fifteenth Dayfot December One thousand foven hundred and seventy-eighr, as are particularly mentioned and described in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, to any Person or Persons wilting to take the fame for the Improvement thereof, by erecting Buildings or otherwise, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, to take effect in Possession not in Reversion, or by Way of future lmercft, so as upon every such Demise or Lease, there be reserved and made payable during the Continuance thereof, the belt and most improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be reafooabiy had or gotten for the fame, without any Sum of Money or other Thing being taken by Way ot Fine, Foregift, or Premium for the granting thereof, and so as no such Demile or Lease be made difpuhilhable of Wafie, or without a Clause or Condition of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be reserved, or on Non-performance of the Covenants therein to be contained, and so as the Person or Persons to whom any such Demifc or Lease be made do execute a Counterpart thereof, and so as the Rent or Rents to be reserved and made payable by the said Lease or Leases respectively be reserved and made payable in Manner following; that is to say, for and during so long of the Term or Terms by the hid Lease or Leases respectively granted as shall be equal to the Time or Number of Yeas then ta come in the said Terms, by the said respective Indentures of Lease of the Twenty-fourth Day of September One thousand seven hurdred and seventy, and the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and seven'v-eight, respectively granted to the said John Roils deceased; Two Third Pans of the said Rent and Rmts shall be reserved and made payable to the said John Rolls or his Assigns, or to the Person or Persons entitled under the Will of the said John Rolls deceased, to the Rems and Profits of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates thereby divifed, and the remaining Third Part of the said Rent or Rents shall be reserved and made payable to the said Henrietta West or her Assigns during her Life, and after her De-ceale to the Person or Persons who may be entitled in Poss-flion under the Will of the said Sarah West deceased, to the Rents and Profits of the Freehold Estates in the County of Surrey, given and devised in and by her said Will, and from and after the Expiration of the respective Terms granted by the said respective Indentures of Lease of the Twenty-fourth Day of Septemler One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy-cght} the Whole of the Rent and Rents to be reserved and made payable by the Leases or Derrtifos so to be granted in pursuance of this Act shall be reserved and made payable to the said Henrietta West or her Assigns dudna her Life, and after her Dtceafe to the Person or Persons [Lee. Es5Per.1} i J f for

T°34

Reserved

Rents payable under the recited Indentures t eon* tinue payable;

But an Aba'e-m*nt shall oe ma !e fr»m f uii reserved Rtnis of 11. per An um For every Acre leased in p irluance of this Att,

General

Saving.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 59.

for the Time being entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Freehold Estates, late of the said Sarah West in the County of Surrey, by virtue of her Will.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge the said

John Rolls, or the Person or Persons claiming to be entirled to the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, under the Will of the said John Rolls deceased, of and from the Payment of the several Rents reserved and made payable by the said Indentures of Lease herein-before mentioned to have been granted to the Lid John Rolls deceased, or any Part thereof, cr from the Ptrformance of the Covenants. Conditions, and Agreements therein respects'. lv contained with respect to such of the said Messuages, Lind% 1 er.emenis, and Hereditaments, as shall not be comprised in the Lease or Leases to be granted in pursuance of this Act; but all such Messuages, L.ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall not be comprised in the Lease or Leafs to be made in pu'fuance of this Act, shall b and remain liable to the Payment of the said Rents respectively, and subject to the several Covenants, Conditions, Provisoes, and Agreements, in the said Indentures of Lease contained, excepc as hertin-atter is mentioned.

III. And whereas the said John Rolls and his Assigns, and the Person or Prisons claiming under the Will of the said John Rolls dec-af-d, will be entitled to some Abatement or Allowance out of the Rents reserved and made payable by the said L’ ases herein-before mentioned to have been granted to tine said John Rolls deceasd, in rrfpeft of the Lands and Tenements, and Hereditaments to be demised and leased in pursuance of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Rills and his Assigns, and the Person and Persons who may become entitled under the Will of the said John Rolls dereased, to deduct or retain to themselves, out of the Rents reserved and made payable by the said Indentures of Lease herein-uefore mentioned to have been granted to the said John Rolls deceased, for and during the Remainder of the Terms gran'ed by the said nespective Indentures of Lease of the Twenty-fourth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, the Sum of One Pound per Annum for each and every Acre, and so in Proportion for a greater cr lesser Quantity than an Acre, which shall be demised o leased in pursuance of tms Act.

IV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and SlicecfTors, and to all and e’ ery other Person and Persons, Bodn s Politi k and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, other than and txcept the said Henrietta West anel her Assigns, the said James H'eft and his Assigns, and the Person or Persons claiming the Freehold fcRates, late of the said Sarah West in the Cou. tv of Surrey, under her Will, and the said John Rolls and his Assigns, and ad Persons claiming ihe laid Hereditaments under the Will of the said John Rolls deceased, all such Estates, Rights, Interests, Claims, and Demands of, in, to, or out of the L inds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be leased by virtue of tins Act, or any of them, or any

Pat

io35

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap.s9.

Part thereof, which they, every, or any of them had before the Time of passing this Act, or could, should, or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be p:i.nted by th-Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a C >py there t fa pr.nred shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

m

to be pri trd by ,be King’s Pi inter.

The

*036

47° GEORGII III. Sess.a. Cap. 59.

The First SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

A MESSUAGE or Tenement, called or known by the a. r. t.

Name or Sign of the Greyhound Alehouse, with the Cow-houses, Out-houses, and Buildings therewith used, situate on the North Side of the Road, called the Grange Road, in the Parish of Bemtondley in the County of Surrey.

A Piece of Meadow or Pasture Ground adjoining the said Messuage or Tenement, called the Home Meadow, containing by Estimation - - - i 3 23

Seven Pieces of Meadow or Pasture Ground, lying contiguous to each other, adjoining to the said Home Meadow in F'.ont, next to the Road, and containing by Estimation 14 o 8 Two Pieces of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called the Half Acres, adjoining to the last mentioned Meadow, and containing by Estimation - - -100

A Piece of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called Rye-Grass Meadow, adj' inirg to the Two Pieces lait mentioned, containing by Estimation - - 3 t 9

A Piece of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called Brown’s Meadow, adjoining to the Piece last mentioned, containing byJEftimation - - - 2 3 9

A Piece of Ground, Parcel of a Wall or Way, called Page’s Walk, containing by Estimation - - o 2 11

A Piece of Land, used as Garden Ground, lying and being at or near the North End of the Piece of Ground last mentioned, contain ng by Estimation - - - 6 3 18

The Stable or Building (landing and being on the last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground.

Two Brick Messuages or Tenement', and a Piece of Garden Ground adjoining to the Garden Ground last mentioned, containing by Estimation - - - 619

37 0 6

In° Hofter.

The

47’ GEORGII III. SciT.2. Cap. 19-

The Second SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

TWO Messuages, with the Barns, Stable, Cow-houses, a. r.

and Buildings thereto belonging, in the Parish of Bermondsey aforesaid, heretofore in the Occupation of John Rolls deceased.

A Piece of Arable Land, divided intoTwo Pieces, Parcel, or reputed Parcel of the Fort Field, abutting East on the Road leading from Bermondsey Street to Kent Street Ro ad; West, upon the Footway, commonly called Page’s Walk; North, upon other Parcel of the Paid Fort Field in the Tenure of Mary Winter and William Winter, in Parr, and upon Pasture Land belonging to the said Sarah West in the Tenure or Occupation cf Messieurs Warne and Guiteridge in other Part; and South, upon the Highway leading from Bermondsey Street to Kent Street Road, and containing by Estimation - - - - 12 i 6

A Piece of Ground, called the Lay ft all, abutting East on the Back Field; West, on the Road leading from Bermondsey Street to Kent Street Road; Noith, on the Cow-Houses and Buildings before mentioned; and South, on the Meads hereafter mentioned, containing by Estimation - 1 > ®

A Piece of Ground, used as Garden Ground, abutting East upon the Back Field; West, upon the great Road leading from Bermondsey Street to Kent Street Road aforesaid;

North, upon the Layftall; and Scuth, on the Meads aforesaid, containing by Estimation - - - 2 1 1?

A Piece of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called the Back Field, abutting East on Garden Field and Pound Field;

West, on the Buildings and Ground before mentioned;

North, on the Highway leading from Bermondsey Street to Rotherhithe; and South, on the Meads hereafter mentioned, containing by Estimation - - - 19 o 32

Three Pieces of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called the Eleven Acres, the Eight Acres, and the Ten Acres, abutting East on Land of Samuel Rulh Esquire, West on the said Road leading from Bermondsey S'.reet to Kent Street Road; North, upon other Parcel of the Lands demised; and South, on Galley Wall aforesaid, containing together by Estimation 29 1 23

Two Pieces of Arable Land close adjoining to the Back Field, raised Garden Field and Pound Field, abutting East 6n Land of Samuel Rulh Esquire; West, on the said Meadow or Pasture Ground, called the Back Field; North, on the said Highway leading from Bermondsey to Rotherhithe; and South, on the said Mead, called the Eleven Acres, containing together by Estimation - - 19 o II

A lJiece of Meadow or Pasture Gound, called Lowfey Meads, abutting East upon Rogues Lane; West, upon Bunhill Meads; North, upon the Anchor Fields; and South, on Galley Wall aforesaid, containing by Estimation - 10 1 27

g5 0 37

In° Ho/,er.

ILoc. y TV.] 12 C—H The

T037

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*.2. Cap. 59.

1038

The Third SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

'T'HE Piece of Meadow or Pasture Grinnd, called the Home Meadow, containing Five of the Seven Pieces of Meadow or Pasture Ground lying contiguous to each other, adjoining to the said Home Meadow, the fame being now in the Occupation of John Rolls, the Son named in the foregoing A&, containing The Piece of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called Brown’s Meadow, containing -

The Piece of Land or Garden Ground heretofore used as Garden, lying and being at or near the North End of Page’s Walk, containing ..

The Piece of Land heretofore Parcel or reputed Parcel of the Fort Field, abutting £a!t on other Parc of the said Fort Field, now in the Occupation of Rose and others, as

Tenants to the said John Rolls , West, upon the Footway, called Page’s Walk; North, upon other Part of the said Fort Field heretofore in the Tenure of Meilieurs Warne and Gutreridge; and South, upon the Highway leading from BermondTey Street to Kent Street Road, containing by Estimation ..

Part of the Piece of Ground, heretofore called the Layftall, now in the Occupation of the said John Rolls, containing Part of the Piece of Ground, heretofore uftd as Garden Ground, abutting Haft upon the Back Field; West, upon a Dwelling House and Garden, now in the Occupation of Atkins, in Part and upon the Road leading from Bermondsey Street to Kent Street Road in other Part; North, upon the Layftall; and South, on the Meads aforesaid, containing.

The Piece of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called the Back Field, abutting East on Garden Field and Pound Field; West, on the Buildings and Ground demised by the before mentioned Indenture of Lease, bearingDate the Fifteenth Day of December in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; North, cn the Highway leading from Bermondsey Street to Rorherbithe; and South, on the Meads hereafter mentioned, containing by Estimation -

The Thiee Pieces of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called the Eleven Acres, the Eight Acres, and the Ten Acres, abutting East on Land late of Samuel Ru!h Esquire; West, on the said Road leading from Bermondsey Street to Kent Street Road; North, upon other Parcel of the Lands demised; and South, on Galky Wall aforesaid, containing together by Estimation -

The Two Pieces of Arable Lind, clofc adjoining to the Back Field, called Garden Field and Pound Field, abutting Fall on Land late of Samuel Rush Esquire; West, on the

10

t.

23

3 9

6318

6 o

1 18

10 o 32

39

laid

1039

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 59.

said Meadow or Pasture Ground, called the Back Field;

North, on the said Highway, leading from Bermondsey to R nherhithe; and South, on the said Mead, called the Eleven Acres, containing together by Estimation - 19 o it

So much of the Piece of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called Lowfey Meads, as is now in the Occupation of the said John Rolls, containing . - 7 1 27

96 1 4

J* Hosier.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sett! 2.

Cap. 60.

An Act for vesting certain Estates of Mary Foster, and George Edward Graham Esquire and Mary his Wife, in King's Lynn and South Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trull to sell the same, and to Hand possessed of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof, upon the Trulls therein mentioned. [ ill August 1807.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Days of May One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and made between the Reverend John Foster D.D. and Mary his Wife, of the one Part, and the Reverend William Hayward Roberts and the Reverend John Hallam of the other Pait; and by a Fine fur conufance de droit tantum duly levied by the said John Foster and Mary his Wife, in pursuance of the said Indenture of Release, the Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, comprized in the Schedule to this Act, with their Appurtenances, were conveyed of otherwise allured by the said John Foster and Mary his Wife, in Remainder expe£lant upon the Decease of Martha Prior Widow, to the Pfe of the said John Foster and Mary his Wife, for their respective Lives, and the Life of the longed Liver of them, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the said William Hayward Roberts and John Hallam, ana their Heirs during the Lives of the said John Foster and Mary his Wife; Remainder to the Use of the Child or Children of the said John Foster ind Mary his Wife, for such Estate and Estates, and under such Conditions, Restrictions, and Limitations over, as the said John Foster should by [lec. fcf Per.] 12 / Deed

ltd and 23d May 1767, Marriage Settlement of John Poller and Mary hil Wife.

Chirograph of Fine.

1046

Mary Fofter the only Issue oi the Marriage-

Death of John Fofter in 1774.

3d and 4th July *794, Settlement on the Marriage of George Edward Graham anti Mary Fofter the Y-u.iger.

Vine levied by Miry Fofter Hie younger. The E dates liniited in Remainder expectant on the fevcial D cea-les of Martha Prior and Mary Fofter the Elder upon Trust, from and after the Dexeaie of the Survivor of them, but not Fourier, to (ell the same.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 60.

Deed or Will executed as therein mentioned, direfr, limit, or appoint; and in default of such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, to the Use of all and every the Children and Child of the said John Fofter by the said Mary his Wife, if more than One, as Tenants in Common, in Tail; with Croi's Remainders between or among them in Tail, and if there should be but One such Child, then to the Use of that One Child in Tail; Remainder, to the Use of the Survivor of the said John Fojier and Mary his Wife, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor for ever: And whereas there was Issue of the said John Fojier by the said Mary his Wife, One Daughter, Mary, now the Wife of the said George Edward Graham, and no other Child: And whereas the said John Fojier departed this Life some Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, leaving the said Mary Fojier his now Widow him surviving, and without having exercised the Power of Appointment limited or given to him by the said recited Indentures and Fine: And whereas, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Third and Fourth Days of July One thousand liven hundred and ninety-four, the Release being of Four Parts, and made between the said George Edward Graham of the First Part; the said Mary Fojier, the Widow of the said John Fojier, and therein called Mary Fojier the elder, of the Second Part; the said Mary, now the Wife of the said George Edward Graham, then Mary Fojier the younger, Spinster, of the Third Part; and the Reverend William Fojier Pigott, by his then Name and Description of the Reverend William Fojier of Eton, Doffor of Divinity, and the Reverend William Graham of Epsom in the Ccuniy of Surry Clerk, of the Fourth Part (being the Settlement executed previously to the Marriage then intended and since solemnized between the said George Edward Graham and the said Mary now his Wife); and by a Fine levied by the said Mary, now the Wife of the said George Edwara Graham, in pursuance of the said Indenture of Release, the feve: al Messuages or Tenements, Lands, and other Llereditaments, comprized in the said recited Indenture of the Twenty-third Day of May One thousand seven hundred and sixty-feren, with the Appurtenances, were limited in Remainder expectant upon the several Deceases of the said Martha Prioi and the said Mary Fojier the elder, to the Use of the said William Fojlet Pigott and William Graham, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for the said Mary, now the Wife of the said George Edwar.d Graham, then Mary Fojier the younger, and her Heirs, until the said then intended Marriage should be solemnized; and from and after the Solemnization thereof, upon Trust from and after the Decease of the Survivor of them the said Martha Prior and Mary Fojier the elder (but not sooner) to fell and

dispose of the fame, either together or in Parcel , by private Contract or

public Auction, in the Discretion of the said William Fofter Pigott, then William Fojier, and William Graham, their Heirs or Assigns, to any Person or Persons who should be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the most Money and belt Price or Prices that could be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, and to Hand and be possessed of and interested in the Money to arise and be produced from such Sale or Sales, and to place out or invest the Money to be produced by every such Sale or Sales in or upon Government or Real Securities at interest, and to stand and be possessed of and interested in the Money lo to be placed out or inverted as last-mentioned, upon the Trulls and to and for the Intents and Purposes, and under and lufcjedt to the Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements therein-aftet mentioned, expressed, and

declaed,

1047

47° GEORGII ill. Sess. 2. Cap. to.

declared, of and concerning the said several Sums of Money thereinbefore mentioned, to be transferred and assigned by the said George Edward Graham and Maty Foster the younger respectively, to the said IE1F Ham Foster and William Graham, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns as aforesaid, upon Trust to pay the Interest, Dividends, and annual Produce thereof, unto the said George Edward Graham and his Assigns, during the joint Lives of himself and Mary now his Wife, and from and after the Decease of either of them to pay the same to the Survivor of them during the Life of such Survivor, if such Survivor should so long continue unmarried; but if such Survivor should marry again, upon Trust that the said William Foster and William Graham, their ixecutors, Administrators, and Assigns, should, upon such second Marriage, by and out of the said several Trust Monies and Premises, set apart and appropriate the Sum of Five thousand Pounds for the Purposes thereinafter mentioned, and should pay to the Survivor the Interefi, Dividends, and annual Produce of the Residue of the said Trust Monies, from the Time of his or her second Marriage, for and during the Remainder of his or her natural Life; and upon further Trust that the said William Foster and William Graham, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should, from and after the Decease of the Survivor of the said George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife, Hand and be possessed of and interested in all the said Trust Monies if such Survivor should not marry again, but if such Survivor should marry again, then of and in the Residue of the Trust Monies and Premises, after setting apart and appropriating the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds upon Trust for all and eveTy the Child and Children of the Body of the said George Edward Graham on the Body of the said Mary now his Wife to be begotten, equally to be divided between and amongst them, if more than One, Share and Share alike; and if there should be only one such Child, then to such only Child, and to be paid or transferred to the Daughters when they respectively attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, or married with such Consent as therein mentioned, and to the Sons when they attained their respective Ages of Twenty-one Years, with Benefit of Survivorship amongst such Children in case of the Death of any of them before his or her Share became a vested Interest; and in case there should be no Child of the Body of the said George Edward Graham on the Body of the said Mary now his Wife begotten, or there being such, if all such of them as being a Daughter or Daughters should die under the Age of Twenty-one Years without having been married with such Consent as aforesaid, and all such of them as should be a Son and Sons should depart this Life under the said A^e of Twenty-one Years, then as to the said Trust Monies and Premises therein mentioned, to be assigned by the said George Edward Graham unto the said Wiliam Foster and William Graham, in T rust for the said George Edward Graham,hn Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and as to the said several Sums of Money and Premises thereby assigned by the said Mary Foster the younger, in case (he survived the said George Edward Graham, should be in Trust for her, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; but in case (he should depart this Life in the Life-time of the said Gtor e Edward Graham, then upon such Trusts and for such Intents and Purposes, and fub-je£t to such Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as the said Mary Fojier the younger should, notwithstanoing her Coverture, by Deed or Will executed and attested as therein mentioned, direct or appoint; and in Default of such Direction or Appointment, in Trust for such Person or Persons

1048

To ft 2nd pof-it fled of the Purihufe Money uoon the Traits mentioned in the Dterl of the 4th of July 1794.

Power to George Ed* ward "Graham ai d Mary his Wife, to appoint new Ti ufttes.

Death of William Graham, one of the Trustees.

3d and 4th Apr,1

Appointment of Mr. William Marsh, a new Trustee.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 60.

Persons of the Blood and Kindred of the Paid Mary Fatter the younger living at the Time of her Decease, as would by virtue of the Statute for the Distribution of Intestates Effects have become entitled to her Personal Estate, in case (he had died unmarried and intellate, and without any Relation on the Part of her Mother, and in the fame Shares as he, she, or they would have become entitled to the fame; and in case the said George Edward Graham and Mary Foster the younger now his Wife, should marry again, the said William Fofler and William Graham, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should Hand and be possessed of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds so directed to be let apart and appro* priated, upon the fame Trulls, and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the fame Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as near as might be, to take place immediately from and after such second Marriage as were therein-before mentioned, expressed, and declared, of and concerning all the said Trust Monies and Premises, to take place from and immediately after the Decease of the said George Edward Graham and Mary Foster the younger now his Wife, in the Event of such Survivor not marrying again: And it was thereby (amongst other Things) agreed and declared by and between all and every the said Parties thereto, that the Receipt or Receipts of the said William Foster Pigott and William Graham, or of the Survivor of them, or of the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively of such Survivor, should from Time to Time be a good and sufficient Discharge and good and sufficienc Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the several Premises thereinbefore directed to be sold, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, for so much of the Purchase Money as should therein be acknowledged to be received, and that such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should not afterwatds be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money so received, or any Part thereof; and in the said Indenture now in Recital is contained the usual Power for the said George Edward Graham and Mary now his Wife to appoint new Trustees, in the room of either of the Trustees therein named, who should die or decline or refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of the Trulls thereby created, before the said Trusts should be fully executed and performed, and the usual Provisions for veiling the Trust Estates in such new Trustees, either solely or jointly with the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees, as Occasion should require: And whereas the said William Graham, the Trustee named in the said Indenture of the Fourth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, departed this Life some Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas, by Indentures of Leafeand Release, bearing Date respectively the third and Fourth Days of s.Ipril in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Release being of Four Parts, and made between the said George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife of the First Part; the said William Fosler Pigott (then William Fojltr) of the Second Part; William Marsh of Berners Street in the County of Middlesex El'quire, of the Third Part; and Townley Ward of Soho Square in the said County of Midd'ej'ex Esquire, of the Fourth Part; the said George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife, determined by virtue of the Power to them for that Purpose given by the said recited Indenture of Settlement, did thereby nominate and appoint the said William Marsh to be a Trustee jointly with the said William Foster Pigott, for the Several

Purposes

1049

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 60.

Purposes mentioned in the said Indenture of Settlement, in the Place and Stead of the said William Graham; and did thereby order, direct, and appoint the said William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, to release and convey the Reversion of the said Messuages and other Hereditaments, then vested in the said William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, by such Conveyances and A durances, so that the fame might become legally and effectually vested in the said William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, and William Marsh, their Heirs and Assigns, in Joint Tenancy, but to, for, and upon the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to the several Powers, Provisoes, and Agreements, by the said Indenture of Settlement limited and declared of and concerning the same, which were then exilting, undetermined and capable of taking Effect} and for accomplishing the Purposes therein-before mentioned, and in pursuance of the said Appointment, Order, and Direction, and of the Powers and Authorities granted in that Behalf, the said William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, at the Requell, and by theexprefs Direction, Nomination, and Appointment of the said George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife (teflilied as therein mentioned) did bargain, fell, and release unto the said Townley Ward and his Heirs and Assigns, the Reversion and Remainder in Fee Simple then vested in the said William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, as such surviving Trustee, expectant upon the Decease of the Survivor of the said Martha Prior and Mary Fofter the elder, and the Death and Failure of the said KTue of the said Mary Fofter the younger as aforesaid, of and in the Messuages and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Indentures of the Third and Fourth Days of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; to hold the fame unto the said townley Ward, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of the said William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, and William Marsh, their Heirs and Assigns, for and during all such Estates and Interest in Reversion, Remainder, or Expedancy, and in as full and complete Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, had therein, or would have thetein, if the Indenture now ia Recital had net been made and executed; but nevertheless, upon the Trulls, and to and for the Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements in the said Indenture of Settlement mentioned, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same, and which were then exilling, undetermined or capable of taking Elfed: And whereas the said Martha Prior hath lately departed this Life: And whereas the said George Edward Graham intermarried with the said Mary Fofter the younger, and hath Issue by her Six Children, namely, George Granada, Mary, Margaret, Catharine Ann, John, and Frances Martha, Infants under the Age of Twenty.one Years, and no other lifue: And whereas, it will be greatly to the Advantage of all Personj beneficially interested in the Messuages and other Hereditaments comprized in the Schedule to this Act, under the said Indentures of Settlement, that the fame Messuages and other Hereditaments lhonid be forthwith Told; but as such Sales cannot be effected during the Life of the said Mary Fofter the elder, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Mary Fofter the elder, and the said George Fcward Graham and Mary his Wife, on behalf of themselves and their laid Infant Children, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That it tnay he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent \_Lcc.isf Per.] 11 K Majesty

Death of Martha Prior# Infant Children of Mr-and Mrt« Graham.

jo5o

Estates verted iti Tiaftec* to Vc fold.

Receipts of Trustees to be go-xi.

Money to be laid out im the Purchase of Government or Real SecU. rities upon the TiuI1.h of the Settlement of the >3«1 May 1767, save that the Dividends &!C tO

47° GEORGII III. Sefr.2. Cap. 60.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Corifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Messuages or Tenements, Lands and other Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in King’s Lynn and South Lynn aforesaid, mentioned in the Laid recited Indenture of Settlement, and which are comprized in the Schedule to this present Act, with their respective Appurtenances, shall, immediately from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby verted in them the Laid William Foster Pigott and William Marsh, their Heirs and Assigns, absolutely and forever (reed and discharged of and from the Ellate for Life of the said Mary Foster the elder therein, and of and from all and Angular the Uses, Estates, Limitations, Trusts, Charges, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, which, in and by the said indentures of the Fourth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the Fourth Day of rfpril One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, were limited, expressed, or declared of and concerning the same; but upon the Trusts, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared, that is to say. Upon Trurt, that they the said William Foster Pigott and William Marsh, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Alligns of such Survivor, do and shall, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, sell and dispose of the said Messuages and other Hereditaments, either altogether and in one Lot, or in Parcels, and either by public Auction or private Contraft, for such Price or Prices in Money as to them or him shall seem reasonable; and do and shall, upon Payment of the Purchase Money for the same to them or him, convey or otherwise allure the Hereditaments which shall be comprized in the said Sale or Sales, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the fame respectively, and to his or thrir Heirs or Assigns, or to such other Person or Persons, or in such other Manner as he or they rtiall direct or appoint, absolutely and for ever freed and discharged as herein-before is mentioned.

II. And be it hereby farther enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the said William Foster Pigott and William Marsh, or of the Survivor of them, or of the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Survivor, shall, from Time to Time be a good and sufficient Discharge, and good and sufficient Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Messuages and other Hereditaments hereby made saleable, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, for Co much of the Purchase Money lor the same as shall be therein acknowledged to be received; and that such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, (ball-not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of the Purchase Money so received, or any Part thereof.

III. And be it further enactgd, That the said William Foster Pigott and William Marsh, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Survivor rtiall, and they and he are and is hereby directed and required to lay out and invert all and every the Sums or Sum of Money, which shall arise or be produced by ‘the said Sale or Sales, with all convenient Speed, after the fame respectively shall be paid to or received by them or him, in their or his Names or Name in the Purchase of Government Securities, or at Interest upon

3 Real

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 60.

Real Securities, and shall Hand and be possessed of and interested therein, and in the Dividends, interest, and annual Produce thereof, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purpofrs herein before mentioned and set forth, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, expressed and contained in the said Indenture of Settlement of the Fourth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of and concerning the Monies to arise or be produced from the Sales thereby directed to be made, and the Stocks, Funds, and Securities in or upon which the same shall be laid out and inverted, and the interest, Dividends, and annual Produce thereof, save and except that the interest, Dividends, and annual Produce of the said Trust Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities shall be paid to the said Mary Fofter the elder, and her Assigns during her Life, for her and their own Use and Benefit; and that the Consent in Writing of the said Mary Fofter the elder shall during her Life be requisite to every Disposal, Variation, and Transposition of any of the said Stocks, Funds, and Securities, and to the Exercise of the Power contained in the said recited Indenture of Settlement for the Appointment of new Trustees.

IV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Persons and t'erson, and Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the said Mary Foster the elder, and George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every the Children and Child of the said George Edward Graham by the said Mary his Wife, and the several Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Children and Child, and all and every other Persons and Person whosoever, having or claiming, or who shall or may have or claim any Estate or interest in the said Messuages and other Hereditaments hereby made saleable, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the said recited Indenture of the Fourth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the said Fine or either of them) all the Estate, Right, Title, interest, Possibility, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, which they or any of them had held or enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed of, in, to, from, out of, or upon the said Messuages and other Hereditaments in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

IO5I

be paid to Mary Fofter the elder, and her Assigns, during her

Life.

General

Saving.

To be printed by the Kang'* Printer.

The

.1052

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 60.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the above A&,

A Messuage In King’s Lynn ana Two other Tenements in the Yard belonging thereto, with a Stable and Garden, in the Occupation of William Creek, Rent -

A Room behind the fame Messuage now used as a School Room, in the Occupation of the Reverend James Coulton, Rent Another Messuage or Tenement with the Appurtenances in King's Lynn, now in the Occupation of John Hunt, held under a Lease for the Remainder of a Term of 7 Years from Lady Day 1803, Rent -

Another Messuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances in King’s Lynn, in the Occupation of James Rix, Rent A Piece of Meadow or Pasture in South Lynn, containing 5 Acres 3 Roods. 39 Perches, more or less, in the Occupation of William Creek and Ifagney Headley, Rent -

A Piece of Meadow or Pasture in South Lynn, containing 2 Acres

2 Roods 26 Perches, more or less.

A Piece of Meadow or Pasture in South Lynn, containing 3 Acres 1 Rood 25 Perches, more or less.

A Piece of Meadow or Pasture in South Lynn, containing 3 Acres a Roods i Perch, more or left, which Three last mentioned I Pieces of Land are now in the Occupation of Mr. Harvey Good-: j win, Rent - - - - j J

A Piece of Meadow or Pasture in South Lynn, containing 9 Acres 32 Perches, more or less, in the Occupation of the said Harvey Goodwin, Rent -

Another Pjece of Meadow or Pasture in South Lynn, containing "J 5 Acre? 1 Rood 27 Perches, more or less.

Another Piece of Meadow or Pasture in South Lynn, containing 5 Acres 3 lloods 36 Perches, more or less.

Another Piece of Meadow or Pasture in South Lynn, containing

3 Acres 3 Roods 20 Perches more or lets.

Another Piece of Meadow or Pasture in South Lynn, containing 3 Acres .3 Roods 7 Perches, more or less; and which said last mentioned Pieces of Ground are held by Mr. Samuel Twaites under a Lease for 7 Years from Lady Day 1800, Rent

c

36

d.

25

39 0

38 17 o

V 50 8

I- 232

William Cafe Junior.

ft

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

4MHIf*iNrts

Cap. 6i.

An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Pre-^ fentation of or to a Chapel, to be called Shireoaks Chapel, in the Parish of JForkfop in the County of Nottingham. [ i ft 18 o 7. j

WHEREAS the Townfivp or Village of Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop in the County of Nottingham, is situated at the Distance of several Miles from the Parish Chu'ch of Worifop aforesaid, and is also at a very considerable Distance from any other Parish Church, to the greac Inconvenience of the several Inhabitants thereof: And whereas the Reverend John Hewett Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Shireoaks aforesaid, and Impropriator of all the Great Tythes arising, growing, and increasing within the Libe-ties of Shireoaks and Gi'.efared, in the Parish of Workjcp aforesaid, hath lately, at his own Exptner, began to erect and build a Chapel in Shireoaks aforesaid, and is willing and defirousto finishand complete the same at his own Coils and Cha ge?, in order that the fame may be set apart and dedicated to and for the Service of Almighty God, as and for a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, for ever, and hath appropriated and set apart a certain Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, upon a Part of which the said Chapel is now building, to be used as a Chapel-yard and Burial Ground: And whereas the said John Hraiett hath, by Deed duly enrolled in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, secured to a Clergyman of the Church of England to be from- Tim- to Time pre-femed thereto by the said John Hrxeit, his Heirs or Assigns, Lord or Lords of the Manor of Shireoaks aforesaid, to perform Divine Service, and who shall perform Divine Service in the said Chapel according to the [L«c, Ss5 Per,] 12 L Stipulations

I

I °54-

Chapel to be called Shireoaks Chapel.

Power to the Patrons of Worksop to nom’nate in ertain Cases.

47° GEORGII III. Self.2. Cap. 6r.

Stipulat'ons in the said Deed contained, a Stipend or yearly Sum of Seventy Pounds, for ever, to be issuing and payable out of the Produce of the said Tythcsj And wheitas the said John Hwctt hath, by D id intended to be enrolled in His Majest.’s said High Court of Chancery, fecuted to the Vicar for the Time being of the Parish Church of Worksop aforesaid, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Ten Pounds, for ever, to be issuing and payable out of the Produce of tile laid Tythes: And whereas the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk is Patron of the Vicar ;ge or Parish Church of Worksop aforesaid, and the Reverend Thomas Stacey Clerk is the present Vicar or Incumbent thereof: And whereas the Did Charles Duke of Norfolk, and Thomas Stacey, and also the Right Reverend Father in God William, by Divine Permission, Lord Arcabtihop of To-k, in whole Diocese the Parish of Worksop is fiiuated, have severally con-fenred, as Lr as in them lay, that the Right of Patronage or Indentation of or to the said new Chapel shall be secured to and vested in the said John Hewitt duiing his Life, and from and after his Decease in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the Manor of Shireoaks aforesaid, fur ever: And whereas the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the said Chapel cannot be secured to or vested in the said John Hewett, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Shire-ohks aforesaid, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most loyal and dutilul Subject, the said John Hewett, doth mofl humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right of Patronage, free Disposition, Nomination, and Presentation, of, in, and to the said new Chapel shall, immediately after the same shall have been completed and finished, and consecrated according to the Uftge of the Church of England, appertain to, and the lame are hereby vested in and settled upon the said John Hewett for and during the Term of his natural Life, and from and after his Decease in and upon the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the Manor of Shireoaks aforesaid, for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted and released from and against all Estates, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever of the said Duke, his Heirs or Assigns, or of the said Archbishop and Vicar and their Successors, and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, them, or any of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Chapel shall have been finished, and consecrated as herein-before mentioned, the same shall be for ever thereafter called by the Name of Shireoaks Chapel.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said John Hewett, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of Shireoaks aforesaid for the Time being, shall, for the Space of Three Months next after the intended Chapel shall have been consecrated, or for the Space of Three Months next after any Vacancy in the said intended Chapel shall happen, omit, neglect or refuse to present such proper Clergyman or Minister to officiate or perform Divine Service in the said intended Chapel, then and in such Case and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Archdeacon for the Time being of the Archdeaconry of Nottingham, within Three Months next after such Omission, Neglect, or Refusal, to

bri. > ft IT' 8 . nominate

47° GEORGII III. Seit.2. Cap. 61. 1055

nominate and prefect a fit and proper Person, duly qualified, 10 b"

Chaplain or Minister of the said Chapel; and that every turh Person af.er such Ncnvnation, and a Licence obtained from the Archbifnop of To k for the Time being, shall be deemed and tak'-n to be the Chaplain or Minister of the said Chapel, to all Intents and Purpoks whatlorVer; anti that if within the respective Times aforesaid there shall be no Inch Nomination of a fit Person to be a Chaplain or Minister of the said C pi, the Right of Nomination to the said Chapel shall lapre to the O dioary, and from him to the Metropolitan, and from the Metropolitan to the Crown, according to the Course of Law in Prelentative Livings or Benefices , and that the Right c.f Nomination and Pu-fcntation of a Chaplain or Minister to the said Chapel shall and may be recovered and refcOveiablr, and the Incumbency thereof may and shall cease, and be determined' in like Manner, and by the like Method, as the Presentation to or In. cumbency in any Presentative Benefice may by L iw be recovered or determined,

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Mit ifter or Chaplain for the Minister’s Time being shall, on every Sunday Morning, read in the said Chapel the ^uty-Morning Prayers and other Service preferred in the Bock of Common Prayer or Publick Liturgy of the Church of England; and in the Af er-

noon of every Sunday in tike Manner read therein the Evening Prayers and other Service prescribed in the said Bock of Common Prayer, and shall on every Sunday throughout the Year, as well in t! e Mo.ning as in the Evening, and on every Chrijhuas Day and Good Friday, and in the Forenoon of ar.y other Day'which shall be set apart by His Majesty's Proclamation to be observedas a Day of Faffing or ThankLiving, deliver or preach a Sermon in the said Ch3pel, and shall afmiuifter the Holy Sacramenc in the said Chapel, when and so often as by Law is required in the Cafe of a Parochial Church.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be latvful for the Min'fter Burials to be or Chaplain for the Time being of the said Chapel to perform the Office Wowed.

of burying at the said Chapel; and that all Burials there, upon a Certificate thereof to be signed and transmitted by the said Minister or Chaplain to the said Vicar, shall be registered in the PuWkk Register of; the said Parish Church of Workfop\ and the like Fees, for or in respect of such Burials, shall be paid and payable to the Vicar for the Time bting of the said Parish of Worksop, as if such Burials had been made in the Burial Ground belonging to the Parish Church of Worksop aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mini/ler Appointment

or Chaplain for the Time being of the said Chapel to nominate or appoint Clerk and such Person, from Time to Time, as he shall think fit to officiate as Clerk ^7

or Sexton in the said Chapel, and also from Time to Time to displace and 1,m "cr‘ remove such Clerk or Sexton, as he the said Minister shall lee Cause.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Seats or Pews within Seats or Pews the said Chapel shall, when the same shall have been completed, and they ln

are hereby declared to be verted in and ac the absolute Disposal of the said " ewett-John Hewett for and during the Term of his natural Life, and from and after his Decease in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the Manor of Sbircoaks aforesaid, for ever.

1056

Saving

Rights of the Archbishop of York an'} the Curate of Worksop.

General

Saving.

[Publick Act.]

47° GEORGII III. Sell". 2. Cap. 61.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall take away, change, dnr.ini b, or impeach any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Privilege, or Jurisdiction of the Arch-bishop of York, or the Archdeacon of Nottingham for the Time being, or any Right, Privilege, Offering, Oblation, Ohvencions, Emolument, Fee, G atuity. Gift, Prelent, Advantage, or Bentfir, which the Vicar for the Time being of the said Vicarage of W'orkfop, or the Clerk for the Time being of the said Vicarage, would or might have, claim, or enjoy, or be entitled to if this Act had not been made.

IX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and to His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Eft ires. Right, Titles, and Interest (other than those which are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by th s Act) which they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Ml*9*9*

Cap. 62,

An A eft for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rhuddlan, Asaph, Dferth, and Cvcm, in the County of

Flint. [ 1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within a certain District commonly called or known by the Name of The Franchise of Rhtldd'an, in the several Parishes of Rhuddlan, Saint Asaph, Difrrth, and Cwm, or elsewhere, in the County of Flint, certain Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the whole, by Reputation, One thousand two hundred Acres, or thereabout: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Rightof his Crown, is Lord of the Manor of Flint, and of the Comots of Coleshill, Rutbland and Preftattin within the fa ne, in the County aforesaid, and, in respect of the said Manor and Comots, or some or one of them, claims to be Owner of the Soil of the Hid Common Marshes, Walle Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands1: And whereas Catherine Stapleton Spinster, Watkin Williams Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, the very Reverend William Davies Shipley Clerk, Dean of Saint Asaph, and Barbara Tonge Spinster, claim to be Lords and Ladies of the Manor and Franchise of Rhtiddlan aforesaid, and Owners of the Soil of so much of the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands, as lie within the said Manor and Franchise, and have also immemorially kept Courts Leet, taken Waifs and Estrays, and exercised other accustomed Manorial Rights and Privileges [Lee. fjt Per.] 12 M within

4

1058

Ofreral Incloiuie Ad.

Utility cf Iiicioluf e.

Appointment of Comuiil-Jioner;

and Surveyor.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 62.

within and upon the fame: And whereas Robert Maurice Clerk, is Vicar

of the Vicarage of Rhuddlan aforesaid, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands within the said Dill riel or Franchise: And whereas the said

Catherine Stapleton, Watim William:, and Elizabeth his Wife, the said William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, and also the Right Honourable Other Archer Earl of Plymouth, Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd Bart net, Edward Hughes Clerk, Bryan Cooke Esquire, and Frances his Wife, John Davies, John Wynne Griffith, Lewis Hughes, Esquires j Robert Owen Gentleman, and divers other Persons, are Proprietors of Messuages, Tenements, or Lands within the said District or Franchise, and are entitled in respect thereof to Right of Common over and upon the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands within the same, in Proportion to their several and respective Estates within the said District or Franchise: And whereas divers Persons, Proprietors of Messuages,

Tenements, or Lands within the said Parish of Saint Asaph, claim to be entitled, in respect thereof, to a Right cf Common over and upon such of the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands, as lie within the said Parish of Saint Asaph: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act fr consolidating in one Ad certain Provisions ifually inserted in Acts of Inclcfure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands hereinbefore described, are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be not only advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, but of great publick Utility, if the fame were divided, ana specific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein as aforesaid, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed: But such Division, Allotment, and Inch dure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being within the said District commonly called or known by the Flame of The Franchise of Rhuddlan, shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed by John Matthews of Plas-yn-Llysfacn, in the County of Carnarvon, Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Commissioner for letting out, dividing, and allotting the fame, and for carrying this Act into Execution; subject nevertheless to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned and contained in the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered.

II. And be it further enacted, That at a General Meeting of the Land Owners within the said District or Franchise, to be held at Rhuddlan aforesaid, within the Space of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, a Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, such Value to be ascertained by the Land-Tax Assessments, shall and may and are hereby empowered to appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors to act in the Execution of this Act-

Ill. And

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 62. 1059

III. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Mathews-, and the aa v1Bt Surveyor or Surveyors io to be appointed as aforesaid, or either of them, co nmit-or their or either of their respective Successors, shall die or become incapable of aiding, or refuse to act as Commissioner or Surveyor as caie of Death, aforesaid, or shall for the Space of One Calendar Month wilfully and bona fide neglect to ad in their or his respective Office, before the Powers of this and the said recited Act are completely executed, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Land-Tax Assessments, in and for the said District or Franchise,) of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or their known or reputedAgents or Atromies, who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose in pursuance of Notice in Writing, signed by One or more Proprietor or Proprietors, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Rhuddlan aforesaid, at leaf! Fourteen Days before such Meeting, to appoint a new Commissioner and Surveyor, or Surveyors, in the Room of the said John Matthews, and such Surveyor so to be appointe 1 as aforesaid, or such of them or their respective Successors as shall die, refuse, neglect, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from Tune to Time as often as Occasion may require; and every Commissioner, and Surveyor or Surveyors so to be appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and shall be subject to the fame Power of Removal and Restrictions, as the Person or Persons in whose Place he or they shall be appointed was veiled with and subject to, by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he Commis-is hereby required to cause Notice to be given to the Surveyor General of jliVe Notice His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, and also a like Notice of Sitting, to be affixed upon some Sunday, during or immediately after Divine Service, upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Rhuddlan aforesaid, of the Time and Place of holding every Sitting or Attendance,

for the Execution of this and the said recited Act, at lealt Fourteen Days before such Sitting or Attendance shall be held (Sittings or Attendances by Adjournment to the next or any other Day within One Week only excepted); and every such Notice shall express the Purpose for which such Sitting or Attendance is to be held, and every Adjournment shall be made known to Four Proprietors, at least, before the Business of such Adjournment (mill be proceeded upon; and every Sitting or Attendance, whether by Adjournment or others, ife, shall be held at Rhuddlan, and not elsewhere; and all Claims shall be in Writing, and delivered to the said Commissioner at his first Sitting or Attendance, of which Fourteen Days Notice shall be given as aforesaid, and all Objections to Claims shall also be in Writing, and delivered to the said Commissioner at his second Sitting or Attendance, of which Fourteen Days Notice shall be given as aforesaid, and such Objections shall be determined by the said Commissioner, at his next Sitting or Attendance after such Objections shall have been made, urlefsluch Commissioner shall fee just Cause to allow further lime for the Determination thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ah other Notices other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioner shall to , e be made and given by Advertisement to be inserted in one of the Chester £‘T'n‘

Newspapers,

io6<?

Corr.mSffii'nti to settle D f. puiei, & e-

Power to aJtls Colts.

Allowing Partin »o try their Rights atLaw.

4/ GEORGII III. Sell 2. Cap. 62.

Newspapers, orif-the fame shall not be then published, then in some one other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Flint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested touching their Rights or Claims, Ehates or Interests, in the Lands and Grounds hereby d hefted to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, the said. Commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioner to determine any Dispute that shall or may affect the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Lift rid or Franchise, or the said Pari fir of Saint Afuph.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this or the said recited AG, fee cauftj to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, aflfefs, and award such Colls and Charges as he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Perfom so neglecting or refilling to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus fit any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or the Lords or Ladies of the said Manor or Franchise, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be diflatisned with any Determination of the said Commissioner, touching cr concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right of the Soil of the said Common Marshe', Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands herein-before mentioned, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for His said Majesty, His Iieirs or Successors, or the Lords or Ladies, or the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law idative to the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next, or r.t the fecBnd Assizes for the County of Salop (Notice of which shall, within Fourteen Days next after the Determination of the said Commissioner, be given to the said Commissioner, by entering the fame in a Book to, re openly kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioner);

io6i

47° GEORGII III. SciT. 2. Cap. 62.

missioner); and for that Purpose, such Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned HTue or Issues against the Person or Persons in whose favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determina'ion of the said Commissioner, and the Defendent or Defendants in such AQion or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto and accept such Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon may be tried and determined, and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, unless the Court in which such Action or Actions shall bebrought shall let aside i such Verdict or Verdicts and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials, and the Costs of such Action or Actions shall abide and follow the Event thereof, and be paid and recoverable by Execution, as other Costs are paid and recoverable in the said Court: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner, touching such Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Common Marshes, Wade Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands herein-before mentioned, or other Rights or Interests in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting, not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, by or Partiei dying for whom any Claim or Claims of Right of Common shall be made, shall happen to die before the said intended Division and Inclosure shall be made turner pro.

and perfected and the said Commissioner shall have made his Award touch- ,n°r

ing the fame, then and in such case the Powers and Authorities hereby Aition.' *'1y

given to the said Commissioner, shall not be any Ways determined, suspen-

ded, or affected by such Death or Deaths, but that the said Commissioner shall and may proceed in and execute the said Powers and Authorities,

and every of them, in such and the like Manner as he could or might have

done if such Person or Persons had not died; and if any of the Parties

in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending

the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be

proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall set Allotment for

out and allot such Parts or Portions of the find Common Marshes, Waste ^'"8 Ma-

Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands in the said District ‘ u

or l’ranchilfj not exceeding in the whole Three Statute Acres, in such

Places as he shall judge mofl convenient, to be used and enjoyed for ever thereafter by the resp^Ctive Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said District or Fi anchiie, who shall be adjudged to be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common Marshes, Waste Lowr Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands aforesaid, and ultimately award the fame by virtue of this Act, in common for the Purpose of getting [Lar. Ss* Xv-T] 12 1^ Limestone,

1 062

No* to alter Watercourf s, &c.

For pajying the Experces of this Act.

E?:p"nces of this Act to be r&ifed by a Rate to be paiJ as Com-nriflfbner lhn’l direct.

47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 62.

Limestone, Building Stone, Gravel and Sand, for the Use, Benefit, or Improvement of such Lands or Hereditaments, situate in the said Didrift or Franchise, in Right of which any Allotment or Allotments hath or have been made, as well as for the Use, Benefit, or Improvement of such Allotment or Allotments, the getting of such Stone, Gravel, and Sand to be got up, and the Labourers to be employed in getting the fame, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as by order of a General Meeting of the said Proprietors for that Purpose firfh legally convened, or the Majority in Value (such Value to be ascertained as aforesaid) of such Proprietors present at the said Meeting shall from Time to Time be directed and appointed, and also in the Repairs of the Highways, private Roads, and Paths within the same: Provided always, that such Stone, Gravel, and Sand, or either of them, shall not directly or indirectly be sold or disposed of to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or conveyed out of the said District or Franchise, under any Pretence whatsoever, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Ton Weight so fold or conveyed out of the said District or Franchise, and so proportionably for any greater or lei's Weight or Quantity, to be paid by such Person or Persons forwhofeUfe such Stone, Gravel, or Sand shall be dug up or got, and applied towards Repair of the Roads within the said District or Franchise; and the said Commissioner may, where Occasion shall require, set out and appoint Springs and Pools, and other Watering Places for Cattle and Bealts within the said District or Franchise, upon the said Common Marshes, Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands aforesaid, and for the common Use and Benefit of all Owners or Occupiers of Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said District or Franchise.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not

be lawful for the said Commissioner to alter or change the Course of any ancient Watercourse, or Land Drain, for any Purpose or Purposes whatsoever, without the Consent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands or Hereditaments who shall or may be deprived of the Use or Benefit to be derived from the Water or Drainage which might other-wile have paised from, through, or in to his, her, or their Lands.

XII. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies to be raised

by virtue of this Act, the said GommifEoSer shall, and he is hereby required, in the first Place to pay and defray all the Charges and Expences incident to and ttending the obtaining and palTiftg of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the feme, from the Tiflic such Monies respectively shall have been aftilally advanced. ,

ijjL*- - a v *7 d.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That ad rmdlevery the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident,.!" and attendingjthe obtaining'and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans of the said Common^ Marshes, Waste Lowlands, and other'*Commons and Waste Lands within the said District or Franchise.-as shall have been already made, and shall be approved of by the said Commissioner, and of all other Surveys, Plans, and Admeafufements which shall be made by his Order; and also of valuing, dividing, setting out, allotting, and tncioiing the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands, or any Part thereof, and of preparing and depositing the said. Award and

'1 Copy

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 67.

Copy thereof, and all other the Colls, Charges, and Expences of the said Commissioner, and of the several Persons employed and consulted in the preparing the fame, or otherwise employed by the said Commissioner in carrying the several Powers of this and the said recited Act into Execution, or in any Ways concerning the same, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed in such Shares, Parts, and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall ascertain and direct; and the same shall be raised wholly by a Rate or Rates, which1 Rate or Rates shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by such of the several Owners or Proprietors, or Persons interested, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, as the said Commissioner shall direct or appoint, according to the Value of their respective Allotments in the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands within the said District or Franchise; and the several Owners or Proprietors, and Persons interested therein respectively, shall be rated and shall pay such Sum and Sums of Money towards the said Colts, Charges, and Expences, or any Part cr Proportions thereof, at such Time or Times, Place or Places, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioner shall, in and by his said Award, or by any other Writing to be by him signed and to be affixed to the'principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Rhuddlan aforesaid, on fame Sunday during Divine Service, at least Ten Days before the Time of such Payment, order and direct; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Cells, Charges, and Expences, according to such Order, Appointment, and Direction as aforesaid, then and in such C.afe the same shall and may be recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act. f

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said District or Franchise, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, Rents, or He c.li-taments whatsoever within the said District or Franchise, or within the said Parishes of Rhuddlan, Saint Asaph, Diferth, and Cum, or any or either of them, or within any adjoining Pari (It, Hamlet, Manor, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, anil declared inf the Award of the said Commissioner, , and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bpdies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simply or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Life,-or by the Courrefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or oilier Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners; as aforesaid, who at the Time of making fifth Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaricks, er under any other legal Dihifcilify, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, hinifelf, or herfelft such Consent to be testifiec in Writing under the Common Sea! of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Coilegiate, and under the Hands of the other Contenting PartiesFe'peftivdy; and ali and every Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of

Lb 04

for paying the Expcices of Exchanges nd Paiti-tiont.

Commissioner to account.

Cotnmif fiontr’s Allowance.

Allotments to

the Lords and Ladits of the Manor or Franchise,

to the Freehold cn within the Manor or Branch fr.

47* GEOIf G II III. Sess.2. Gap. 62.

of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other tcclefiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being, in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to he exchanged shall lie or be situate.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Coils, Charges, and Expenies attending the making of any Exchanges or Partitions to be made by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall by his said Award order or direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That once at leail in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioner shall, and he is here-by required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this and the said recited Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by him laid before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being for the said County of Flint, or the County of Denbigh (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be by them examined ana balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner, and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall be allowed the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day that he shall be actually employed in any Business required of him as Commissioner by the said recited Act, or this Act, including Days of necessary travelling, as well as others, in full Satisfaction for his Time, Trouble, and Expences, respecting such Business.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall (after the Boundaries directed to be set out and ascertained by the said recited Act shall have been ascertained and fully determined, and the Roads shall have been set out and assigned) allot, or set out one full Eighteenth Part of the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands lying within the District or Franchise aforesaid, unto and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or unto and for the said Lords and Ladies of the said Manor and Franchise, in Lieu, Satisfaction, and Extinction of their Right and interest in, to, over, and upon the Soil of the said Common Marshes, Waste l ow Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands aforesaid, over and above what they the said Lords and Ladies shall entitled unto in respect bf their Freehold Lands; and then and thereafter the said Commissioner shall allot and set out in severalty, all the Remainder of the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands aforesaid, to and among the said Catherine Stapleton, Wat km IFiiliams, and Elizabeth his Wife, lVilliam Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, the said Earl of Plymouth, Sir Edward Pryce Loyd, Edward Hughes, Bryan Cooke, and

Frances

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap.bt. Iq6}

France* lus Wife, John Davies, John Wynne Griffith, Lewis Hughes,

Robert Qai’en, and the l'everal other Persons ftifed of Freehold Lands and Tenements within the said District or Franchise, or any other Person or Persons claiming to have Rights or Interests in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided (save and except fitch Freeholds as have been accquned by Purchase, under the Powers of an Act passed hi the Thirty-fourth-Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for embanking and otherwisefencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coafis of the Pdrffi of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhyddlan Marsh, in the fever ll Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhyddhn, and the Franchise Rhyddlan, in the County s/Tlint, andfundsy other Marffies,

Commons, and Wajle Lands, in the said Parish of K hyddlan, and in the federal Parishes of Difcrth and Meiiden, in the said County of Flint, and to cut and make, in or through the fame, or Jomc Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercowfcs and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and fell competent Parts of the fud several Marffies, Commons, and Wajle Lands, to defray the Expenses of the said Works, and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservat-'o/t thereof) according to their respective Rights of Common, rateably and in due Proportion (Quantity, Quality, and Situation eoniidered) to the Value of their respective Messuages, Tenements,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they are severally entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid; such Value to be ascertained and fixed by the said Commissioner, and the said Comini(honer shall not, upon any Account or under any Pretence, give any undue Preference to any of the Parties intertilled in the said Division, in their or any of their Allotments or Shares of the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands aforesaid; but the said Commissioner, in making the Division and Allotment thereof, shall have due Regard to the Quality, Situation, and Convenience, as well as the Quantity of the Land to be allotted; and shall, if, or as far as the fame can conveniently be done, make all the Allotments near to the Lands and Hereditaments they shall belong to, within the said DistricF or Franchise; and shall also set out and allot the Share or Shares of every Person respectively, in one entire Parcel, where the fame can conveniently be done, and as near to every Persons, Lands and Tenements respectively as the fame conveniently may be.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the King’s mod Excel- Extras of a lent Majesty, His Heirs or Suc^eljprs, shall make good and substantiate cit'nmirtion' his or their Claim or Claims to be 'Owner or Ownest of the Soil of the «« Award laid Common Marshes, Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and £c5Kin"« Waste Lands, and an Allotment or Allotments shall be made to him or Allotment (if them, in lieu of such Right of Soil, then and in such Case the said Com-niissioner shall and he is hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment, L na Rrve-under his Hand and Seal, of so much of his Award as shall contain an 0litce* accurate Description of such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, together with. Rich Regulations or Provisions relative to such Allotment or Allctfrttmts, or to any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, as may be contained iiwluch A:warn, and also a Map or Plan of fitch Allotment or Allotments, and traniinit the same to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, within Six Calendar Months next ahei *the making and executing the said Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

\_tac. Ss5 Ptr.J 12 0 XX. Provided

io66

iiorment? to i enants for pire, and in *ec Simple.

Quality of tile Lands, ice. to be published*

Sating the Rights of the

Com m i f-sioners under the Act 34 G. j. lor embanking Rhyddlan Marsh. Railing against Ronds and Siieep.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 62.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the same Person or Persons is or are seised of Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments for Life only, and of the Fee-Simple and Inheritance of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, within the Laid District or Franchise, and any other Person or Persons having or claiming to have Rights or Interests in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, and shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in respect of both such Estates; then and in such case the Commissioner, upon the Request, in'Writing, of such Person or Persons, or of his, her, <5r their Agent or Attorney, shall set out and allot the Share or Proportion of such Person or Persons in respect of his, her, or their different Estate in distinct and separate Parcels from each other, so that the Portion of Common awarded in respect of the Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments held for Life, or settled Estate, be no way intermixed with, but kept separate from, the Portion awarded in respect of the unsettled Estate.

XXL And, for the more just and regular Division, Allotment, and Distribution of the said Common Marshes, Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to value all the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed; and also all the ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds having Right of Common over the fame, which Valuation, and the Particulars thereof, shall be reduced into Writing and signed by the said Commissioner, and shall be lodged with the Clerk to the said Commissioner for the Inspection of the several Proprietors or their Agents, and any Person or Persons so interested shall be entitled to a Copy of such Valuation on demand, paying for such Copy a reasonable Price to be ascertained by the said Commissioner; and the said Commissioner shall give or cause to be given Fourteen Days Notice, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Rhuddlan aforesaid, upon some Sunday during or immediately after Divine Service, of the Time and Place by him appointed for receiving and hearing any Objections that may be made to such Valuation or Quality; and the said Commissioner shall hear and determine all such Objections, and his Determination therein shall be final.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to defeat, lessen, or abridge the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed in and by the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, herein-before mentioned, for putting such Act into Execution.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time during the Term of Seven Years from the setting out of the said Allotments, to set dotyo Ports and Rails or any other Fences, in such Manner and in such Places as the said Commissioner shall direct, on the outside of the Ditches bounding any Highway or uninclosed Lands adjoining to his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, for the Prefcrva-

47* GEORGII nr. Sell'. 2. Cap. 62.

tion of the Quicksets, not exceeding Four Feet from such Ditches, and at any Time before the Expiration of the said Term to remove and take away such Foils, Rails, and Fences; and no Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall, for the Space of Seven Years from the Time of the Execution of the said Award, keep any Sheep or Lambs on any Allotment or Inclosure to be made under this Act, unless he, she, or they shall fence the fame with Walling or Polls and Rails or other proper Fences (such Fences to be approved of by the said Commissioner) so as effectually to prevent his, her, or their Neighbour’s Quicksets and Hedges from being injured or destroyed by such Sheep or Lambs: Provided always, that if such Fences shall not be deemed effectual by the said Commissioner, it shall be lawful to and for him to cause the same to be so made, and the Expence attending the making the same as aforesaid shall be levied in the same Manner as the Rate is herein before directed to be levied for carrying this Act into Execution.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments, exclusive E of the Cottages and other Erections thereon, taken front the said Common " Marihcs, Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands hereinbefore described, within the Space of Twenty Years before the passing of this Act, or that have been laid open within the said Space of Twenty Years, shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the fame Common Marshes, Wade Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and the fame may be set out and allotted to the PeTon or Persons in Possesson thereof, if such Person or Persons shall be entitled to any Share or Allotment upon the said intended Division and Inclosure, and shall have been in Possession of such Encroachment or Encroachments before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and fful! request the fame by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his, her, or their Attorney or Agent, at or before the Third Meeting of the said Commissioner, so that such Encroachment or Encroachments, with the additional Road leading thereto from any general Road, which the said Commissioner is to value as Common or Waite Land, without considering the Erections and Improvements made thereon, do not exceed in Value the Allotment or Allotments to which such Person or Persons shall be entitled in lieu of his, her, or their Right of Common, and if the same shall so exceed such Allotment or Allotments, the Surplus shall be fevered and fenced out at the Expence of the Person or Persons so having encroached, and may be allotted to fonie other Person or Persons entitled to an Allotment or Allotments, unless the Person or Persons in Possession of such Encroachment or Encroachments, shall be desirous of purchasing such Surplus, and shall pay to the said Commissioner such Price for the same as such Commissioner shall fix, and the Money shall be applied towards the general Purposes of this Act, in which case such Surplus shall be awarded to the Person or Persons in Possession thereof, and having purchased the same as aforesaid, and when it shall happen that such Encroachments or Erections have been made by Persons not entitled to any Right of Common, in such case the said Commissioner shall set a Value on all such Erections, and the same shall pass with the Lands on which they shall happen to Hand, to the Person or Persons to whom the said Commissioner shall allot such I.and, he, she, or they paying to the Person or Puffins at whose Expence such Erections were made, such Sum of

io68

Connmif-lioiver may mike any Al-teiatinni in the Abetment! before the Execution if the Award.

Notice for

perufinor

Schedule and Mapi of intended Allotments to be given.

Award ta be tlepafited.

Proprietors may fell their Allotments before the Execution of the Award.

47° GEORGII III. Sess.i* Cap. 62.

of Money as the said Commissioner shall have valued such Erections at} and if such Person to whom such Land shall be allotted, shall refuse to pay such Valuation, then the Person at whose Expence such Erections shall have been made, shall have and enjoy such Cottages and Eredio.ia for such Time, and at such Ground Rent, or Acknowledgment, payable to the Person to whom the said Land shall be allotted, and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint,

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner at any Time, not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months after the said Allotments shall be set out, to make such Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which he may have set out and ordered as he shall think right and expedient, and in case any Person or Persons shall happen to be injured by such Alterations, or on account of any Expences he, she, or they may have been at, the said Commissioner shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her, or them, and shall direct by whom and in what Manner such Recompence shall be made,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said

Commissioner shall have ascertained the respective Shares, Rights, and Interests of the said Proprietors in the said Common Marshes, VVafle Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by him proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof, the said Commissioner shall give Notice in Manner aforesaid, of some convenient Time and Place when and where all Proprietors and Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan, whereon the same shall be set out and delineated, and mav have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, as far as the fame relates to such Proprietors respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, when inrolled in manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited in a Tin Box, and shall be kept in the Parish Church of Rhitddlan aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons interested in the said Common Marshes, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands aforesaid, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, to sell and dispose of all such Estate, Right, and Interest, as he, she, or they hath or have, into or upon the fame Common Marfties, Waste Low Lands, and other Commons and Waste Lands, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect thereof, by virtue of this Act, separate from such Estate in right whereof he, she, or they is, are, or shall be so entitled; and in case of any such Sale, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner and he is hereby authorized and required to allot the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall immediately after the Execution of such Award as aforesaid, have, hold, use, and enjoy such Allotment or Allotments, and shall have, use, and exercise any Act of Ownership in and upon the fame, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and

S Purposes

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Vaf.bi. 1069

Purposes as'the former, Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done in case any fitch Sale or Saks had nof been made.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themfiIves aggrieved by any thing done in £ p‘ ;.|.to the* pursuance of this or the said recited Act (except in loch Cafe where the Qu a ter Orders or Determinations of the said Commissioner are hereby or by die "c‘llC,‘ ‘ said recited Act directed to be final and conclusive, or where an lilue at Law shall be tried as herein-before directed, or any other Mode of Relief is herein-before appointed) then and in every Rich Cafe he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of Flint, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof, in Writing, to the said Commissioner; and the Justices at their said General Quarter Sessions, not being interested in the Matter of such Appeal, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and Award such Damages and Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem meet and reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy such Damages and Cods by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale , which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Interest of the King’s most Excellent Rightist to* Majesty in or to any Mines, Ores, Minerals, or Coal, in or under the said M nes, Mi-Marshes and Lands, or any Part thereof, but that His Majesty, His Heirs nerals»&c* and Successors, and his, her, or their Heirs, beffees and Grantees, Agents,

Servants, and Workmen, nyay search for, work, dig, raise, and carry away all Mines, Ores, Minerals and Coal, as freely and effectually as if this Act had not been passed, save only that they shall respectively do as little Damage as possible in the Lands to be inclosed as aforesaid, and shall make reasonable Satisfaction and Recompence from Time to Time, to the Person or Persons possessed thereof, for all Trespass and Damage that shall be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by searching for, working, digging, raising, and carrying away the said Mines, Ores, Minerals, and.

Coal, or any of them.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That Saving Ma« nothing herein contained shall lessen, prejudice, or defeat the Right, Title,

or Interest of the Lords and Ladies of the said Manor and Franchise, s 1 within the Jurisdiction or Limits whereof the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted are situate, lying, and being, of, in, or to the Seigniories, Rights, and Royalties incident or belonging to such Manor and Franchise, or to the Lords and Ladies thereof, or to any Person or Persons claiming under him, her, or them, but the fame (other than and except the Interest and other Property as is or are meant or intended to be barred by this Act), shall remain in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they might or ought to [Lse, 5s* Per.] 12 P have

I©70 III. Sell. 2. Cap. 62.

have held or enjoyed such Rights before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had never been made.

XXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politic, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administraters, all such Right, Title, F.ffate, and littered (other than those meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act) as they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Common Marshes, Wade Low Lands, and ether Commons and Waste Lands aforesaid, or any Part thereof, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act had not been made.

fublirk Act,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for inclosing Lands at Thorpe, in the County

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Parish of Thorpe, in the County of Surrey, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing together, by Computation, Eight hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and also divers inclosed Lands and Grounds, containing by Computation Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty in Right of His Crown is seised of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land called the Ten Acres Piece, lying in Tiorpe aforesaid, and Richard Wyatt of Egham, in the said County of Surrey, Esquire, is the LefP-e thereof: And whereas John Leigh Bennett Clerk, is Lord of the Manor of Thorpe, and as such is entitled to the Right of Soil in, over, and upon the several Commons and Waste Lands within thr said Manor: Anil whereas the said John Leigh Bennett is Impropii-ate Rt stor of the Rectory and Parish Church of Thorpe aforesaid, and also Vitar of Thorpe aforesaid, and as such is entitle;! to the Great and Small Tythes arising or renewing within the said Parish, except as to certa n Lands called Northlands, and Mead lake, which are subject to the Payment of certain Moduf-s in lieu thereof to the said John Leigh Benr.ett: Ar.d whereas the said John Leigh Bennett, the President and Scholars of Corpus Chrish College in Oxford, and their Lessee, Sir William Blackett Baronet, James Ludivick Grant Esquire, and others, are Owners and Proprietors of all the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed as herein-after mentioned: And whereas an Act was passed in the [L°c. Per.'] 12 Q Forty-

of Surrey.

i©74

Commission-«rs appointed.

ter appointing; new Commissioner-#

t

47° GE OR Gil III. Sess.2. Cap. 63.

Porty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in Ore Ad, certain Provifuns vfually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fever a I Pads usually required on the faffing of such Acts: And whereas it would be advantageous to the several Proprietors and Persons interested in the Paid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds, if the fame were inclosed, and specific Shares and Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests; but as such Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common', in this present Parliament affi mbled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Chapman of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, Laud Surveyor, and Thomas Crawler Senior, of Cobham, in the said County of Surrey, Land Surveyor, shall be and they are hereby appointed Coniniissioners for dividing, alloting, and inclosing all the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Manor and Parish of Thorpe aforesaid, (except the Waite Land called Thorpe Green) and discharging the lame trom a 1 Common Rights, and for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, save and except such Parts of the said recited Act as are varied or altered by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas Chapman, or any succeeding Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act in his Room or Stead, shall die, refuse, or neglect to act, rr become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said folm Leigh Bennett, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby required by Writing under his Hand or their Hands, within Twenty Days next after every such Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be known to him or them by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the surviving or remaining Commissioner, to be left at the usual Place of Abode of the said John Leiyh Bennett, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, which Notice such surviving or acting Commissioner is hereby required to give or leave, or cause to be given or left as aforesaid within the Space of Twenty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to him or them, to nominate and appoint one other Person, not interested in the said Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Thomas Chapman, or of any succeeding Commissioner nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, who liiall so die, refuse,or neglect to act, or shall become incapable of acting as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, shall die, refuse, neglect, or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and in case the said Thomas Crawler, or any succeeding Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act, in his Room or Stead, shall die, refuse, or neglect to act, or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value (such 5 Value

4-7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 63.

Value to be ascertained according to the Rates or Assessments made for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the Paid Parish of Thorpe for that Year) of the several Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of the said inclosed Lands and Grounds, and of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds so directed to be set out, divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, (except the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the aforesaid Manor, and the Rector of the said Rectory of Thorpe aforesaid) who shall by themselves or Agents, duly authorized, attend a Meeting or Meetings to be appointed for that Purpose, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice in Writing, signed by any Two or more of such Owners and Proprietors, shall be given by affixing the fame on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Thorpe aforesaid; and such major Part in Value of such Owne s and Proprietors are hereby required within Twenty Days next alter such Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known, by a Notice in Writing under the Hand of the surv - teg or remaining Commissioner, to be affixed on the outer Door of the Parish Church of Thorpe aforesaid, on tome Sunday immediately before Divine Service, and which last-mentioned Notice such Commilliouer is tereby requ red to give or cause to be givtn within Twenty Days after such Death, Retufal, or Incapacity shall be made known to him by "IVriting under their Hands, or under the Hands of such their respective Agents as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person mo mrerefled in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Thomas Crawler, or of any fficceeding Commissioner nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, who shall lo die, or refuse or neglect to act, or shall become incapable of acting as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commi oner, so to be nominated and appointed by such Owners ano. Propria rs as aforesaid, shall die, refuse, neglect to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act; and every Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed by the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or the major Part in Value of such Owners and Proprietors in Manner aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath prescribed by the said recited Act in that behalf, have the like Power and Autho-1 ir- for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions ;f he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and determined by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said John Leigh iletneit, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or inch Owners and Proprietors as aforesaid, shall make Default in nom. rating and appointing any new Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed by him or them respectively as aforesaid, within the ref. peftive 1 mes for that Purpose limited and in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner and he is hereby required and directed, from Time to Time by Writing under his Hand within Twenty-one Da\s next after the Expiration of the respective Times allowed to the respective Parties for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioner as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons (not interfiled in the said Division, Allotment, and Inc(ofuie) to-be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of every such Commissioner

who

If the Lord of! he Manor’ cr Pnprie-tors neglect to appoint a new Commissioner within chc Time pre IciiPtd, the acting C< m-rntflloner to make such Appointment.

1076

Appointment o» U.npiie.

Forappointing anotli r Person in his R om in case of hit D;a:h.

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 63.

who shall so die, refuse, neglect to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every such Commissioner lo to be nominated and appointed determined by virtue of this Act, shall, after taking the Oath prescribed by the said recited Act in that behalr, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftrtftions, as if he had been o*iginally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IV. And, for the Purpose of settling and determining any Difference or Difouie that may arise between the said Commissioners touching or concerning any of the Matters and Things to be by them done and performed in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act; be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, within Twenty-one Days after their taking and subscribing the Oath by the said recited Act directed to be by them taken and subscribed, by Writing under their Hands, to choose, nominate, and appoint some proper and (killu! Person, (not interested in any Lands or Hereditaments to be divided and allotted within the said Parish of Thorpe) who shall be willing and con'ent to act as an Umpire; and in c.fe the said Commissioners shall neglect or refuse, oi any Difference shall arise between them with respect to the Nomination and Appointment of such Umpire, then and in such Case, at the Expiration of the said Twenty-one Days, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John I.eigh Bennett, and the Lord or l.ords of the said Manor for the Time being, and the major Part in Value of the said Owners and Proprietors (such Value to be ascertained in Manner aforesaidt), to choose, nominate, and appoint such Umpire in the same Manner as rhey respectively are herein-before empowered, to nominate and ai point a Commissioner or Commissioners in case of the Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Incapacity of either of the said Commissioners to aft in ti e Execution of this Act; and the said Umpire when chosen and appointed by the Means aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine any Difference or Dispute which may arise between the said Commissioners, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure; and the Judgement and Determination of the said Umpire therein shall be deemed and considered to be the Judgement and Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be final and conclusive upon the said Commissioners, and upon all other Persons concerned in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, so far as the Judgement and Determination of the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act and this Act made final and conclusive: Provided always, that in case the Person so to be nominated and appointed Umpire as aforesaid shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act as such Umpire, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner?, within Twenty-one Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of such Umpire, and if the said Commissioners shall neglect or refuse, or differ in appointing another Umpire, then for the Lord or Lords for the Time being, and the said lass mentioned Owners and Proprietors, to nominate and appoint One other Person as Umpire in the Room and Stead of the Person so dying or refilling to act, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act, and of this Act, as such Umpire, and so from Time to Time as often as any Person

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 63. 1077

so nominated and appointed an Umpire shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of lifting in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act; and in case any such Umpire shall tiegieft to letile and determine any such Difference or Dispute within Twenty-one Days after the fame shall have been reterred to him by the said Commissioners, such Neglect shall be deemed and taken to be aRefufal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act as Umpire, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, that is to say:

‘ r A.B. do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and hcneftly, ouh or A according to the bed of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform u"'p:c‘

« the Trufl, Power, and Authority reposed in me as Umpire, by virtue

of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and ‘ Parish of Thorpe, in the County of Surrey, according to Equity and

good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection to any Person or Per-‘ fons whotnsoever.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall be lawful to and for either of the said Commissioners to administer (who is hereby required to administer the same) and such Oath when so taken and subscribed by Inch Umpire shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which shall be Commission-raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, '|.c\A!!ow" each of the said Commissioners, and the said Umpire, who shall act in

the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the said recited Act vested in them, shall be paid for each and every Day lie shall travel, or be wholly employed in any Business relative to the Execution of this Act, or of aDy of the Powers hereby vested in him, the Sum of Three Guineas, and no more, in full Satisfaction and Discharge for his Time and Trouble, and for the several Expences that he shall be put unto during his several Journies and Attendances in the Execution of this Act j but no Commislioner or Umpire shall be paid the said Allowance for more than One Day in respect of travelling, or for more than One Day in respect of returning from the Place of his Attendance or Meeting as aforesaid.

' f

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Commission-cause Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Thorpe aforesaid, on feme 'p to slve Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed on Sitl^Meer-one of the outer Doors of the said Church, and also by Advertisement ‘‘'S’-

to be inferred in the Newspaper called The County Chronicle, if then pub-liffied, and if not, then in Come other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Surrey, of the Time and Place of his and their First and every other Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vested in him and them, at least Fourteen Days before loch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and the said Commissioners shall and may affiourn any such Meeting ircr.i Time to Time and from Place to Place as they shall see Occasion: Provided always, that all the Meetings of the said Commit,

IT,.. S-i D 1 1 7) ' r- Mtetingsof

LLot. & Per.] 12 R noners commifr.en-

j- ____, , .; .... , eis to be

30/8

wi'liin E Miles.

Proprietors to p.'ty their own Expences at Meetings

0 her Nolices

1 6 \ to go be given.

Commissioner to settle Disputes.

Commissioner not to<1e-t ermine Titles.

Power to awardCofts.

47° GEORGII UI. Sell. 2. Cap. 63.

sioners for putting this Act into Execution shall be holden within the Parish of 'Thorpe aforesaid, or within the Distance of Eight Miles front the Boundary of the said Parish.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the fetid Proprietors, their Attorneys and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary to be given by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, the Manner of giving whereof is not herein otherwise particularly directed, shall be given by Advertisement in the said Newspaper called The County Chronicle, if th.n publisheJ, and if r.or, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Surrey.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interehed in any ’of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be affeded by this Act, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any Allotment or Compensation to be made in lieu thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the Divi. fion and Allotments hereby directed to be made, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-jedion pr Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, fee cause to award any Colls, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the Commissioners shall be made, by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby dlfal-lowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiaie, who shall be liable to pay such Colls or Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Colls and Charges to be levied by Diiirefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold,

alter

1079

47° G E ORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 63.

after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distreis and Sale.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, T I at in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Col cginte, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dillatisfieJ with any Determination of the said Contmifhor.ers or Umpire touching or concerning any Claim or Claitns of Right to the Soil of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interest in, over, and upon the fame or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the P: < or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Ttial at Law of the ,\.io determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the then < r at the

following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Surrey, and for that the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall cause an Action to be brought n a feigned Issue agair.ft the Person or Persons, Body or B (ties Politick, Corporate or Collegiate in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners or Llmpire, and the Defendant or Defendants in Inch Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby

ed to name an Attorney or Anomies who shall appear thereto, or

mmnn Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues whereby such Cl dm or Claims, and the R'ght or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tries and dete'miued, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Cou.t in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, incale the Parties uiffer about the fame) and the Verrift or Verdicts whfcit shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive up n all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corpotaie or Collegiate, unless tire Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set slide such Verdictor Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Courctodo, as is usual in other Cases; and that after such Verdictor Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aiide by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and allow or to disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire touching such Claim or Claims to the Right to the Soil of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Wa'fte Grounds’ and other Rights and Interests in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, which shall not be objected to’ or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting and not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Dispute, or Proceeding touching the Title to any Lands/ Tenements, or Hereditaments,

Parties elf Uti'iied with Uttrrmina-tioa of Co-n-mifiioiwrg. may try their RigUu.-.tl.-*.

D. termination ot Com-tmflioners to which no O'-', joliion shall L* made to oe haul.

Trial not to fu pet d ihe Execution of the Powers of the Act.

ioSo

Death of Parties not to itay

Proceedings

at Law.

Allctm*nt for Watering Places, Gravel Pits, Ire.

OiJ RoaJs or Ways :iaay best.pp.J up.

A'lotmentfi to thtRector and Vicar of Tnorp®, in lieu of Tythes of the umu* clo'ed Grounds.

47° GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 63.

ditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners in the Execution

of this Act, but the Division and [oclosure hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

XV. And be it further er.acted, That if any of the Parties, Plaintiffs or Defendants, in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shill die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby directed to set out and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Thorpe, such Parts and Parcels of the said Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as the said Commissioners shall think proper or necessary, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for Stone, Cray'd, and Sand-pirs, and the said Allotment when so set out shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and also by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish, and their Tenants for the Time being, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct or appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in case they think proper, to flop up, divert, turn, or vary the Direction of any old or accustomed Road or Roads, Way or Ways, Path or Paths, Track or Tracks, puffing or leading through any Part of the old Inclosures, or over any other Part of the said Parish of Thorpe not herein directed to be divided and allotted; subject Hevertfeefefs to such Provisions, and under such Regulations, D reftions, and Conditions, as are contained in the said recited Act, respecting the flopping up of any old or accustomed Ro3d or Roads: Provided always, that none of the prefetit Roads, Ways, Paths, or d rafts within the said Parish shall be shut up or discontinuCd until the several Roads or Ways intended to be and remain publick Roads or Highways shall be set out in Manner by the said recited Act and this Act direct d, and until the same shall be properly fenced and made safe and convenient for the Passage of Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after setting out all the publick and private Roads and Ways, and other Conveniences, in and by the said recited Act and this Act directed to be set out and appointed, the said Commissioners shall and tnay and they are hereby authorized and required to fee out and allot to the said John Leigh Bennett, as Impropriate Rector of the Rectory of Thorpe at. resaid, and his Successors Rectors of the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid, and to the said John Leigh Bennett, as Vicar, and his Successors Vicars of Thorpe as aforesaid, such Plots or Parcels of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Thotpe hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in V.dtie to One Fifth of the Open Arable Lands and Grounds, and to One Eighth of the Open Meadow and Pasture Land and Waste Grounds within the said Paiilli, and such Allotment or Allotments so ftt out and allotted to

the

ioiU

47° GEORGII III. Sess.a. Gap.63.

the said John Leigh Bennett and his Successots, Impropriate Rectors and Vicars as taforesaid, shall be and be deemed and taken to be a full Satisfaction and Compensation to the said John Leigh Bennett and Ids Successors, Rectors and Vicars as aforesaid, for the Great and Small iythr« and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (Glebe Lands, Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice pees excepted) arising, happening, and increasing or renewing within, upon, out of, or from all the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pailures, Lammas Lands, and Wide Grounds within the Parish of ‘Thorpe aforesaid, and such Allotment or Allotments shall be divided, set out, and allotted to and between the said John Leigh Bennett and his Successors, Impropriate Rectors of Thorpe as aforesaid, and the said John Leigh Bennett and his Successors. Vicars of Thorpe as aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be equal in Value to and a just Compensation for the several and respective Rights and Interests of the said John Leigh Bennett as Impropriate Rector and Vicar, and his Successors, Rectors and Vicars as aforesaid, in and to the Great and Small Tythes arising, happening, increasing, or growing due within, upon, out of, and from the said Open and Common Fi Ids, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste-Grounds, situate within the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may with the Consent of the said John Leigh Bennett or his Successors, impropri.te Rectors and as Vicars of the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid, and of the Owners of any old Inclol'ures v.ithin the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid, to be signiiied in Writing, set out and allot to the said John Leigh Bennett as Impropriate Rector of the Rectory of Thorpe aforesaid, and his Successors, Hectors of the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid, and to the said John Lrigb Bennett as Vicar, and his Successors, Vicars of Thorpe as aforesaid, such Plots or Parcels of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Wait*. Grounds within the said Parish of Thorpe hereby directed tabe divided and allotted, as in the judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Fifth of the said old inclosed Arable Lands and Grounds, and to One Eighth of the said old incicfedMeadow and PatiureLaiids; and such Allotment or Allotments so fee out and allotted to the faui John Lei-b Bennett and his Successors, Impropriate Rectors and Vicars as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed and taken to be a full Satisfaction and Compensation to the said ’John Leigh Bsnr.eit and his Successors, Rectors and Vicars as aforesaid, for the Great and Small Tythes, and all other Ecclesiastica! Dues and Payments whatsoever (Glebe Lands, Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted) arising, happening, and increasing, or renewing, within, upon, out of, or from all the said old Inclol’ures within the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid; and such Allotment or Allotments shall b.e divided, set out, and allotted to and between the said Jt/hn Leigh Bennett and his Successors, Impropriate Rectors of Thorpe as aforesaid, and the said John Leigh Bennett and his Successors, Vicars of Thorpes aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be equal in Value to and a jult Compensation for the several and respective Rights and Interests of the said John Leigh Bennett, as Impropriate Rector and Vicar, and his Successors, Kectois and Vicars as aforesaid, in and to the Great and Small [Lee. iVr.J 12 S Tythes

Alotment* to the Rebrand V car of I ho* c in turn o* TytKtf* or the o!<l Ini' sures, with (lot.fair cf Parties.

1082

Owner* cf oM Inclosures not having fuffccimt ui inclosed Land to exonerate them from Tythes, may discharge the tame by a Money Payment.

Old Inclosures

may he dil-

aharge ! from Tythes y Content by allot’ irg Pa't

thereof in lie u

of Tythes.

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor of i-i6th in lieu of Kight of Soil.

Directing th’t Thorpe Green shall not be in-dofed*

Allotment of the Kcfrlue.

47° GEORGII III. Seif. 2. Cap. 63.

Tythes arising, happening, increasing, orgrowingdue, within, upon, out of and from the said old Inclosures, situate within the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Owners of any Messuages, Cottages, Homefleads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid, flnll not be entitled upon the said Division and Allotment to a sufficient Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted to exonerate his, her, or their old Inclosure from Tythes, then and in such Case the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the said John Leigh Bennett or his Successors, Impropriate Rectors and as Vicars of the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid, and of the respective Owners thereof, to be signified in Writing, are hereby authorized and empowered to charge the respectiveOwners thereof with such Sum and Sumsof Moneyas shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a just and fud Satisfaction for the Fee Simple of the Tythes thereof respectively, and such Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and be by them paid to the said John Leigh Bennett or his Successors, as Impropriate Rtdtors and as Vicars of the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered in making the Division of the Allotments f(jr Tythes between the Rector and Vicar as aforesaid, to allot to the Vicar so much and such Part from the Rector’s Allotment as shall be equal in Value to the Vicarial Tythes arising from such last-mentioned old Inclosures as shall be so exonerated from Tythes by a Compensation in Money as aforesaid: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall or may, with the Consent of the Rector and Vicar of Thorpe aforesaid, and of the Owners of any old Inclosures within the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid, to be signified in Writing, allot and appoint any of such old Inclosures to the said Rector or Vicar in lieu and in discharge of any Impropriate or Vicarial Tythes payable from or out of any Lands or Hereditaments in the said Parish of Thorpe, the Property of the Owners of such Lands so to be given in lieu of such Tythes.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commifiicaers shall in the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Thorpe aforesaid, such Part or Parts of the Waste Grounds within the said Manor hereby directed to be divided and allotted as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Sixteenth Part thereof, as a full Compensatien and Satisfaction for the Rights and Interests of the Lord or Lords in and to the Soil of the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except as to the WafteLand called Thorpe Green.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Waste Land called Thorpe Green shall not be inclosed, but the same shall remain open and uninclosed, and the Depasturage thereof shall be {tinted in such Manner and under such Restrictions as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award order and direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby requited in the next Place to set out and allot the Residue of the Lands and Grounds by this Act dire "ted to be divided and

allotted

47° GEORGII ill. Sess. 2. Cap. 63. 1083

allotted unto the said Richard Wyatt as Lessee of His Majesty, for such Etlateand Interest as the said Richard Wyatt now hath as Lessee as aforesaid, and subject thereto unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and unto and amongst the several other Owners and Proprietors thereof and f

Persons interested therein, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine, in proportion and according to and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for their resp.’Ctive Estates, Rights, and Interests in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Directing and they are hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment under M*je«y sa'i-their Hands and Seals of so much of their Award as shall contain "an ac- lot men t to be cmate Description of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made [[’"surveyor9 to His said Majesty, or His Leflte as aforesaid, together with such General. ’ Regulations or Provisions relative to such Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, or His Leffces, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments; and transmit the same to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, within Six Calendar Months next after the making and executing the said Award to be by the said Surveyor General filed and kept among the Muniments in his Office.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That until the said Division and Rector may Allotment shall be completed in pursuance of this Adr, or until such other 'o'11'1" to

'l ime as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands appoint u,7ii cfommif-the said John Leigh Bennett, as Impropriate Rector and Vicar, and his sioners order Successors respectively Rectors and Vicars as aforesaid, shall be entitled the contrary, unto and shall receive and take such and the fame Tythrs, Modules, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments, as he or they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Plots or Parcels TythrAi'ot-of Ground so to be set out and allotted as and for the Satisfaction and fenced. Compensation for all Tythes by virtue of this Act, shall be inclosed and

fenced round with Ditches and Quickset Hedges, with fufBcient Polts,

Rails, and other Guard-Fences to such Quickset Hedge?, at the Expence of the Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages and Hereditaments so exonerated-and discharged from Tythes by virtue of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall order, direct, or appoint; and the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award order and appoint to whom the said Kedges,

Bitches, and Fences, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall belong after the fame frail have been properly made, whether to the said John Leigh Bennett as Impropriate Rector, and his Successors, or to the said John Lfigh Bennett as Vicar, and his Successors, Vicars of Tkoite aforesaid; and the said Hedges. Ditches, and Fences when made, shall for ever thereafter be secured and kept in Repair, maintained, and supporred, by and at the Expence of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so awarded to belong.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several other Allotments Feacinf. of the.laid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures,

Lammas

1084 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. by

Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds in the said Parish of Thorpe so to be made as aforesaid, dial] be inclosed. Hedged, ditched, and fenced by and at the Expence of the respective Proprietors to whom such Hedges, Ditches, and Fences shall be allotted or directed to belong, with Quicksets or in such other Manner, and within such Time, as the said Commiflhinfers by their said Award shall appoint; and all such Hedges, Ditches, 4nd Fences as shall be so made as aforesaid, shall for ever thereafter be repaired, preserved, and maintained by such Person and Perf. ns, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in such Shares and Propor. tions, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award order and direct.

E’ropdstptt

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the may by Order said Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, or any of them, cn fence their at any Time or Times after the said Allotments shall be flaked and set Allotments out by the said Commissioners, and before the Execution of their said Icution of^Ue Award, to inclose and fence in the fame by and with the Consent of Award. the said Commissioners, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct.

Course of Huf.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of

tucVmon t^1's Act, and until the Execution of the Award of the fail Commissioners, field*.'1 all the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, shall be subject to such Directions and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands appoint, with regard to the flocking, mowing, ploughing, folding, tilling, fow-ing, and laying down the fame; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct such Sum and Sums of Money to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grouno’s, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay fttchSumor Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, Hull neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to raile and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs and Expences to be assessed and awarded by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act are directed to be raised and levied.

sheep »r

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any

Lambs not f> Person or Persons for the Space of Five Years to keep or departure any Indofues'i*r Sheep or Lambs in or upon any of the Allotments to be made by virtue Five Years, of this Act, which under the Award of the said Commissioners shall be Wlll’j}’nt t) e ordered and directed to be fenced by Hedges, unless the Person or Persons youngCUiick- keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall at his or their own Expence effectually lclSk and fufEciently fence oil'and guard, and duly keep fenced off and guarded

the Quickset Hedges and other Live Fences of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Allotment or Allotments where such Sheep and Lambs shall be so kept, and of such Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto, so as to

prevent

47" GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 63. 1085

prevent any Damage being done to such Quickset Hedges and other Live Fences aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission^ Commissioners, at any Time previous to the Execution of their Award, mine Leaiei." in all Cases where they shall deem it necessary or expedient for the due Execution of this Act, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands to determine and make void a'l or any of the Leases or Agreements for Leases at Rack Rents, or from Year to Year then subsisting, of any of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and any of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in 7horpe aforesaid, which shall be exchanged or exonerated from Tythes by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, either as to the Whole or as to some Part or Parts only of the Lands and Hereditaments comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, and at such Time or Times in the Year as the said Commissioners shall think most convenient, according to the Circumstances of the Cafe; and where any such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, shall be determined as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and direct whether any and what Sum or Sums of Money shall or ouent to be paid, or any and what Deduction and Abatement in the reserved Rent or Rents shall or ought to be made by the Lessors or Landlords to the Lessees or Tenants, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for such total or partial Determination of their respective Leases or Agreements, and such reduced Rents so ascertained as aforesaid shall respectively become payable, or commence at such Time or Times and in such Manner as the Lid Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and shall be recovered in like Manner as the original Kent reserved in and by such Lease or Agreement would have been by Law recoverable; and in all Cases where any Sum or Sums of Money shall by the said Commissioners be ascertained and directed to be paid as a Compensation for determining any such Lease or Agreement, the same shall be actually paid by the Lessoror Lessors, Landlord or Landlords before they shall be put into Possession of the respective Lands and Hereditaments comprised in such Lease or Agreement; and in all Cases where any of such subsisting Leases or Agreements shall continue in force, as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments therein comprised, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to ascertain and direct whether any and what additional Rent or Rents shall or ought to be paid by the Lessees or 1 enants to the Lessors or Landlords for or in respect of any Improvements in the Annual Vaiue of the Lands and Hereditaments comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, by reason of the fame being divided and allotted, exonerated from Tythes, or exchanged respectively by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act; and such additional Rent* so ascertained and directed to be paid as last aforesaid, shall commence at such Time or Times as the said Comm ffioners shall appoint, and shall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as tire Rents originally reserved would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had noc been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to settle, ascertain, and direct the Courl'e of Husbandry to be used by such Lessees dr Tenants, during the Remainder of their subsisting Leases and Agreements, in all Cases where they shall deem it necessary so to do:

Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Parish of Thorpe, and Part in any adjoining \Lcc.& Per.'] 12 T Manor

io86 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap.-63.

Manor or Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases at Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated, but where such Land shall have been taken in Exchange, the Whole of which Land shall be under Lease, and situate in an adjoining Manor or Parish, the Lease of such last-mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

T'fn ,0

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

flanTng '°r and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, by any Crop*. Writing or Writings under their Hands, to ascertain, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crop or Crops growing at the Time the said intended Division and Allotments shall be made, for such Crop or Crops, by the Person or Persons to whom the Lands on which such Crop or Crops is or are growing shall be allotted, and also what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Oc* cupieror Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of such Lands or Grounds allotted for the Profit and Advantage which such Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Grounds shall be allotted will obtain thereby, as for any Loss or Uifadvantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall or may fufiain by the Loss of any Crop or Crops in or on any of the Lands and Grou ds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act; and if such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be made at the Time and in Manner to be appointed by the said Commissioners, then, and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Warrant or Warrants they are hereby authorized and empowered to *>raiit accordingly), cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons required to make such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

Commission-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ers may scour and may scour out and widen, or cause to be Icoured out and widened, all nakeuitches such ancient Streams, Brooks, Ditches and Watercourses in the said *c. Parish of Thorpe, and also shall and may fee out, order, and direct such

new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Water-Gates, Banks, and Bridges to be made, of such Width and Depth, and in such Directions and Situations, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, as well in, through, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as also in, through, over, and upon any ancient Inclol'ures, or other Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Thorpc, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, making such . Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inciofures, or other Lands and Grounds not hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, for the Damage done thereby, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby directed in and by their Award to order and direct by whom, and at whose Expence, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the said Streams, Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Banks, and Bridges shall be thereafter

repaired,

io8y

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 63.

repaired, cleansed, icoured, and maintained: Provided always, that no such Stream or Brook shall be diverted or turned without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds from which any such Stream or Brook shall be diverted, or into which any such Stream or Brook shall be turned.

fore the Execution of the /i ward.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for

For extin-

the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized at any Time or or

Times before the Execution of the said Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the said Parish Comr.onbe-Church afThorpe, to order and direct ail or any Part of the Rights ofv.om-mon in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indoled, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time or Times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise of which they shall so order and direct to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time mentioned in such Writing affixed on the said Church Door, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons power to fell hath or have fold, or contracted or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time the before the Execution'of the said Award, fell or conrrad or agree to fell his, her, or their Right, Intrreft, or Property in, over, or upon the said Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorised and required to make the Allotment or Allotmenis of Lands unto the Vendee or Purchaser in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right,

Interest, and Property so fold, contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid, and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or A reement might, could, or ought to have held ;.nd enjoyed the fame in cale such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds Alotment* which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons be of ths for or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages. Lands or Grounds, a, th: Land* Holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in for which respect of any Le.TeboU Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in ^lotted" relped of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest, append ‘tit or appurtenant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premi es, shall, born and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold respectively, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Pines, Customs, and Services

as

ic88

Exchanges may be made

E*p?nces *f Exchange* how to be paid.

Wills and Settlement* nor to b» affected.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 63.

as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, for or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are now, or immediately before the Execution of the said Award shall be holden respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to let out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish of Thorpe in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place, provided, that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being seised of or entitled in Poflef. fion to the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, or to the actual Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be His Majesty and His Successors, or other Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or a Body or Bodies Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, ora Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, cr for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of the Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall lie or be situate.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Act and the said recited Act or either of them contained, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof; but that each and every Proprietor

1089

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 63.

prietor shall Hand and be seised of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to such and the fame U(es, and for such and-the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame With, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof such Proprietor was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made would have been subject to be charged with or affected by in case this Act had not been made.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and f^pencei Exper.ces of exonerating from Tythes the several Messuages, Lands, Te- ' e' "t-nements, and Hereditaments within the Parish of Thorpe aforesaid, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Act, and of surveying, measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands, Grounds, and Premises to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and for preparing, copying, inrolling, and depositing the Award of the said Commissioners, and all the Charges and Expences of themselves, their Clerks, Affidants, and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and also the Expences of inclosing and fencing round the Allotments to be set out in lieu of all Tythes as aforesaid, and all other Expences of carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, slave and except the said John Leigh Bennett and his Successor.% Impropriate Rectors of the said Rectory of Thorpe for the Time being, in respect of any Allotment which shall be made to them in respect of the said Impropriate Rectory, and also faveand except the said John Leigh Bennett and his Successors for the Time being, Vicars as aforesaid, in respect of the Allotments hereby intended to be made to them as Vicars as aforesaid) which said Cods, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Paymen: thereof, shall be settled and adjusted by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall appoint, either before or after the Execution of their said Award.

XLI. And whereas feme of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Powertobor-Grounds within the said Parish of Thorpe may have Occasion to borrow ro'v Money Money to defray their respective Shares of the Colts, Charges, and Ex- c" ‘ peaces of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Husbands,

Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attorniesof any of the Owners or Proprietors of any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or of any other Lands and Grounds, old Inclosures, and ether Frermfes within the said Farish of Lborpe being under Coverture, Miners, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disablity, and to and for any of the said Owners or Pro-tier. G? Per.] " 'lift prietors

logo

How tochr»r2e Expencesupun Copyhold.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 63.

prictors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, or Tenants by the Courtesy of England, or otherwise interested in such Lands and Grounds (Hive and except the said John Leigh Bennett and his Successors, Rectors and Vicars as aforesaid), to charge any Allotment or Allotments to be made to them respectively by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or other their respective Lands and Grounds, old Inciofures and other Premises within the said Pari lit of 1'horpc, with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissoners shall by their Award, or by Writing under their Hands either before or after the Execution of such Award, adjudge necessary, to pay and defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending tiio obtaining of this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, and of charging such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, so that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for every Acre of such Lands and Grounds, and to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be charged, to such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years; or in case any Person in Possession, who shall or may be liable to and charged with a Share of the Expences as aforesaid, or enabled by this Act to charge such Lands and Grounds with the fame, shall choose to advance, pay, and discharge such Smn or Sums of Money, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Deed or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, in like Manner to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease or demise, or otherwise ful jest such Lands and Grounds to such Person or Persons respectively paying or discharging such Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money so advanced, p2id, and discharged by him, her, or them, with lawful Interest for the fame, to commence on the Terminatioa of his, her, or their Right in the Premises, so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered or re-assignedwhen such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to befecured shall be fully paid and satisfied, and also with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest, so that no Person or Persons afterwards becoming possessect or entitled to any such Lands and Grounds, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for Twelve Calendar Months preceeding the Time when the Tide to such Possession shall have commenced, and that every such Charge, Grant, Mortgage,’ Surrender, Lease, or Demise, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

7Tf.II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as it may be necessary to charge any Mt flit ages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, which shall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares cf such Cods, Charges, and Expences as last aforesaid, then and in such Case such Copyhold Premises shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, according to the Custom

or

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 63. 1091

or Customs of the Manor or Manors whereof the same shall be holden, by Way of Mortgage for ferurin; such Sum or Sums of Money and I a ter eft, instead of being mortgaged and surrende ed to such Person or Persons, his, hrr, or their Executors, Adrriniftra'ois, or Assigns, for a Term of Years as mentioned in the said recited Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom- Money ad-soever shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Ekpences of obtaining and executing this Act, the Money so paid Yir.e tit' and advanced shall be repa.d and satisfied to him, her, or them, by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Ir.terest for the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in every Year cram-iT-on-during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the '[’inf inr(.re° passing thereof), the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required t-o justices to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by OnteaVear. them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, not interested in the said Division and Allotment, to be by them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That One Copy of the Award by the Enrolment said recited Act directed to be made by the said Commissioners, and such a;>>l Cepufa of Map or Plan of the said Parish of Thorpe as shall be annexed thereto, after Awwd‘ being signed by the said Commissioners, shall be depofued and kept in the Parish Church of Thorpe aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal to think himfep, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- Quarter stf. fuance of this Act or of the said recited Act (other than and except such Orders, Determinations, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners as are red. by the said recited Act or this Act directed to he final or conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein anlfiue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned),ft.and in every such Case he, fhev or they may appeal to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Surrey, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen , on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Patties concerned, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices, not interested in the Premises, in their General Ouarer Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall feern reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress-and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if . ny) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels

after

1093

Rsfervation of Manerial Rigiit!.

Gfn:r*l

Saving.

Public!; Act.

47° GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 63.

after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant and Dillrels j and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other WritorProcefs whatever, into any orplis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; and in case fufll Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difaction shall feein reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right and Title of the said John Leigh Bennett as Lord of the said Manor of Thorpe, or the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, of, in, or to any Seignories, Royalties, or other Material Rights incident or belonging thereto (other than and except the Right to the Soil and Inheritance of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds for which a Compensation is herein-before directed to be made),but that the said John Leigh Bennett, or the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, and ail Persons claiming by, from, under, or in Trust for him, her, or them, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter have, hold, and enjoy all Rents, Heriots, Forfeitures, Services, Fines, Courts, Perquisites, and Profits of Courts, and other Royalties, Jurisdictions, and Privileges to the said Manor incident, appendant, belonging, or appurtenant, and all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries within or under the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Lammas Lands, and Waste Grounds (except the Right to the Soil and Inheritance of the said Commons and Waste Grounds;, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as he, /lie, or they, might or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had noi been made.

XLVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Rights, Title, and Interest, (other than and except such as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished) as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made. 'ter

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, justices, and other*.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew St a ah an, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Cap. 64;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of U' heft on and 'Tideftwell, and in the Manor of Tidef-well, in the County of Derby. [ 1 ft August 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Townships of Wkejlo* and TdefwclL ar.tl in the Manor ol Tidefutell, within the Parish of Tdejitell, in the County of Derby, several Open and Common Fields, Mcfne Indofures, Wsftes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Land', containing by Eftirration Four thousand Acres or thereabouts: A'd whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lattatficr, is entitled to certain Chief Rints, Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other Rents, payable within the said Townships, Manor, and Parish: And whereas the mo ft Noble William Duke of Devonshire is Lord of the Man r of Tide/, til aforesaid: And whereas the said William I)cke of Devonshire, Elizabeth Charlton Widow, W.lliam Needham, Sa-tnuel White, J'jhn Rimminglon, Bernard Jehu Wake, Wi liam Longfdtn, El* quires-, and several other Persons, arc itlptciivtly Owners and Proprietors of or otherwise inre eftetl in the Lid 0pm and Common Fields, Meins Indofures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, anrl ether unitdoled Linds: And whereas an Act was pnffed in the Foity-S it Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, ini tuied, /In Aid for consolidating in the Ad certain Provisions uj'naliy ir/erted in Aits of Inc tolar e, and for facilitating the Mode cf proving the several Facts nfually requires on the pr/sing of such Acts: And whereas it would be lor the Advantage of the said

Owners and Proprietors, and other Persons inter cited as afore Lid, if the Lid Open and Common Fields, Mesne Indofures, Wafies, Moors, Common', and other uninclosed Lands, were divided and inc ol'ed, an.i Ipe-[Ltr. is P,r.] 12 X cih'c

1094

Comwiftion*

tit.

TJ;np*?e.

Appointment Of nrw LoJfk-mWHoneis and Umpire*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2, Cap. 64.

cific Allotments made to the several Owner', Proprietors, and Pirfons interested therein, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: But such Division, Ailotment,ii, and laclolure, cannot be made without thet Authority of Parliament: May it thei efore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s mott Ex-c Pent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pari ament allrmbl d, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lid Open and Co n-mon Fields, IVIelne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other unin-cljl'etl Lands,(halt be divided, allotted, and inclosed in Manner herein-after mentioned; and that James Dozvland, of Cuckn y, in the County of No ting ham. Gentleman, and John Nuttall, >)t Matlock, in the said County of D rby, Gentleman, anil their Success >rs, to be elcbted and appointed in Manner her. in- fter mentioned, ll.all be and they are hereby appointed Conuniffiiners for the Purposei afoliesaid; and foi carrying this and the said r< eked Art into Execution, subjcbl to t^ie Rules, Ordeis, and Directions contained in the said recited Act, except in Cases where the lame ate hereby varied or a.tered.

II. And be it further enacted, That William Gaunt’ey the Elder, of Bakevjcl':, in the said County of Derby, Gentleman, and his Succrfibr for the Time being, to be app intid as herein-afeer mentioned,shall be and he is hereby appointed to act as an Umpire, touching any Difference of Opinion which shall ar.fe between the said Commissioners in the Execution cf this Act; and that all such Difference of Opinion (if any lh,.ll arise) shall be (taped in Writing, and referred by the said Commissioners to the faic William G.mniley, within Twenty-one Days next after any such Difference shall have arisen, who shall determine the fame, and deliver to the said Commissioners, or one of them, such his Determination in Writing, (the Name of the said Umpire being thereto signed) within Three Calendar Months from the Time any fmh Difference shall be referred to him; and the Judgment and Determination of the said William Gauntley therein, in all Cases so referred to him, shall be deemed and taken to be the Judgment and Determination of the said Commissioners; and they the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to conform thereto, and such Determination shall be inrolled and recorded with, and in the same Manner as the other Proceedings of the said Commissioners under this Adf.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the Lid "James Dcw/and, or any Other Commissioner to he appointed in his S ead as herein-after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby verted in him, dir, refufr, or become incapabic of acting in the Premises, then nrd in every such Case and so olten it shall and may be lawful to and for the said William Di ke of Devonshire, his Heirs or Af-sign°, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Elands, within Thirty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, Ih.ill be made known to him or them by Notice in Writing from the survivipg or remaining Commissioner, which Notice such Commissioner is hereby 1 quired to give, to appoint one other Commissioner (not interfiled in the said Inclosurr) in the Stead of the said James Dotvland. cr such other Commissioner so dying, rt f. sing, or bee, ming incapable ot aiding as aforesaid; and if the said John Nuttall, or any othe> Commissioner to be appointed in his S.eid, as herein-afttfr men; oned, shall, bef rc the Execu-

47° GEORGII III. ScIT.2. CdpX*.

tion of all tt.c Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in him, die, refuse, or become incapable of acting in the Premises, then and in ev*ry such Case it ihalland may be lawful to and fora Majority in Value (to be ascertaine.i by t’.e Land l ax AifiiTment) of the Proprietors or Persons inter :sted in the Paid Cpen and Common Fields Mesne inclosures, Wastes, Moor, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, ar,d in doled, or their known Agents or Atomies, or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose, by Writing under their respective Hands (except and exclusive of the Lid William Duke of Dtvotijkirt, his Heirs or Aifians) who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose by the surviving or remaining Commissioner, within Thirty Days next after such last mentioned Death, Re/ufal, or Incapacity to act as aforesaid, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the !e: ft shall be given in Writing determined by him, to be affixed on one of the moil publick outer Doors of the Parish Church of Tidefweil aforesaid, and alf;> by Advertiiement to be inserted in the Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Derby, to appoint one other Commissioner (no: interested in the said Inclosure) in the Stead of the said John Nuttall, or such other Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead so dying, refuling, or becoming incapable of acting as last aforesaid; and in cale the said fViiiiam Duke of Devcnshire, his Heirs or Assigns, or the said Parties last aforesaid (as the Case may be) shall at any Time make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner, within Thirty Days next after the Death of any Commissioner, or his Kefuful or Incapacity to act shall be made known as aforesaid, and of which such Notice shell have been given respectively as aforesaid, then the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, from Time to Time, fcy Writing undm his Hand, within 1 hirty Days next alter the Expiration of the said Thirty Days allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Ci mmissioner as aforesaid, to appoint one other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosuie) in the Koom of any such Cmmif-honer fod- ing, refusing. or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and if the said William Gauntliy, or any Umpire to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in him, die, refuse, or become incapable of aAing in the Premises, then and in every such Case one o her Person, as Umpire (cot interested in the said Inclosure) shall be appointed in the Ste-.dof the said William Gauntley, or such other Umpire so dying, refusing, cr becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, by a Majrrity in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax AiLffment) of the Proprietors cr Perle-ns interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Mesne In-tlcfures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other ui inclosed Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed, including the Lid William Duke of Devcrshire, his Heirs or Assigns, or their known Agents or At-loinies or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by Writing under their respective Hands, who shall be prefect at a publick Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose by the said commissioners, within 1 hirty Days next after such last-mentiored De»tlr, Refusal, or Incapacity to act es aforesaid, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the lead shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on one of the most publick outer Doors c f the Parish Church of Tidefueell aforesaid, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in fume other New (paper circulated in the said County of Derby; and every Appointment

1095

ro:6

Umpire to take an J4th.

Allowance so C

er-. ami Umpires.

Notice «‘f Meeting*.

Other Notices N»w >o be given

KrVfd%

B id es anl other C*>n Mi?iicie* t > be made ami repaired as ('onmii'lion-erv flnll app ini*

47' GEORGII III. Sefl*.2. Cap. 64.

pomtment of a Commissioner or Umpire, in pursuance of this Act, shall br reduced into Writing, ant) signed by the Person or Persons making the lame; and every new Commisluner or Umpire to be appointed as alore-fair4, fh .11 have the like Powers and Authorities as if he had been named a Commissioner or Umpire in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and iVbscribed the Oath or Affirmation (fubflituring in such Oath the Word Umpire fur the Word Commissioner) directed to be taken by Commissioners for Inclosurts in and by the before recited Act, which O.-.th or Affirmation either of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered and required to administer; and the said Oath or Affirmation f.itobe taken and subscribed by such Umpire, and all'o the Appointment of every new Umpire or Commissioner shall be annexed to and intolled with the Award of the said commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners and Umpire shall be allowed and paid by the said Proprietors the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and no more, for every Day which he shall attend 3nd be employed at any Meeting or Meetings, or tn going to or returning from thence, or otherwise howsoever, in executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them, which said Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings shall be inclusive of all Expences whatsoever incurred by going to, or returning from, or attending at any such Meeting or Meetings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Comm ffioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause publick Notice to be given, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on one of the most publick outer Doors of the Parish Church of Tidrfwellaforesaid, and alto by Adveriisement to be interred in the said Newspaper called Toe Derby Mercury, or in fume other Newspaper pubiiffied or ciiculated in the said County of Derby, of the Time and Place of the Fiill and every other Attendancefor the Execution of this Act, Seven Days at the least before any such Attend-ince shall be held. Attendance by Adjournment, which it shall be Lwful for the said Commissioners, or either of them, to make, only excepted; and that all Meetings of the said Commissioners Hull be held within Eight Miles of the font Paaih of Tidcjivell.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made or given by the said Comm limners, shall be made and given by Writing to be affixed upon one of the mull publick outer Duo s of the Did Parish Church of Tideswell aforesaid, or by Ad-vrrtisement in the said Newspaper, or in some other Newspaper pubiiffied or circulated in the said County of Derby.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Gommiffi rners shall and they are hereby attthoifcc-d and required, before they proceed to the Allotments herein-after mentioned, to set out and appoint and direct, or cause to be made, erected, and completed, such pubfek and private Roads and Ways and also ltich Bridges, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Wate*-courses and other Convenier.cics in, over, and within the said Open and

0 Common

4.7* GEORGGII ill. Sctr.2. Cap.h±, 109

Common Fields Mcloe Jaclosures, Wades, Moors, Copra ins, and sin-inclosed Lands, inrended in pursuance of this Aci to be divided, al.ctt d, an I inclosed; and also - in, over, and within any of the oki lmlilurcs within the Lid Townships, Manor, and Parish, as th. f.iJ CommiiTiune,rs shall judge to be r.ecellary or proper; and that.aswi.il all lucti private Roads and Ways, as also all such Bridges, Brnks, Ditches, Drains, Wa-tercourses, and other Convemencies, shall respectively bz, made, erefied, and completed, and at all 1 raies thereafter kept in Repair, in luen Manner, and by such Person or Persons, and the Grass, Herbage, and Soil of such private Roads and Ways, and other Conveniences, shall. appertain and b.-long to such Person or Persons, and for such Purposes as the said Commissioners in and by their said Award fhJl di ed!; apJ in the mean Time and until their said Award shall be made a,id executed as the said Commilfi >ners, in and by any Writing under their Hards, shall order, direfit, or appoint; and the said Commissioners Ih.iil and may order and award, issue and pay such Satisfaction and Recomptnce as they dull think reasonable to any Owner or Owners of Lands or Hereditaments which may be damaged or destroyed by making or repairing any such Roads or Ways, or any such Bridges, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Waicrcouries, or other Conveniencies as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it dull and may be lawful for OMRo-uti the said Comm.(Turners to Hop up, discontinue, widen, alter, divert, or ejyup,ft°p’ change, any publick Road (not being a Turnpike Road) or any private

Ruatl, Footway, causeway, Fence, Gate, Stile, Bridge, Spring, Br >ok,

D tch, Drain, Watercoufe, or other Convenience in, tip in, through, or between any of the said Open or Common Field.-, Mesne luclosure-, Wades,

Moors, or other uninclosed Lands, or in, upon, through, or between any of the inclosed L,nds, within the la d Townships, Manor, and Parish; provided, that no Road, Footway, or other Convenience as aforesaid, in, upon, through, or between any such inclosed Lands, dull be flopped up, diverted, changed, or altered, without the Confirm in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the inclufed Lands in, upon, through, or between which the lame Ibajl be, anJ the Order of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby (not in.ereiled in the Repair of such Hoads) and which Order shall be fuoject to an Appeal.rg the Qo rur Stdions for the said County of Derby, in like Manner as if the fame had been originally made by such Justices: Provided always, that the Grass Herbage, and Grass mi* Soil of any Road, Way, or other Convenience, which Rull or may be H‘rl«se of flopped up or discontinued under or by virtue of this or the said recited lUpped^p? Act, Hull appertain and belong, and shall be and remain to such Person or Persons, and ror such Purposes as the said Commissioners shall m and by their said Award order, direct, or appoint.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotment f

they are hereby required to let out and appoint One or m re Piece or public- w. Pieces of Ground (Part of the Wades Moor.., Commons, and uninclosed /,

Lands, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed) in such convenient Si uation or Situations as they shall brink proper, within the said Townships and Manor, not exceeding Ten. Acres in the whole, to be ufad for the Purposes of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting and burning Lime Stone, and also for getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials, for building or repairing any Houses or other Buildings, Bridges, Walls, Fences, Drains, Watercourses, and other Con-[Loc,& Per.] 12 T veniencies.

iog8

47° GEORGII III. SelT.2. Cap..6$;

venifincies, and for rep.iring the Highways 2nd Roads within the said Tow'nships ami Manor, and for such other Uses and Purposes for the general Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said; Townships-and Manor, as the said Commissioners shall"direct; and tint the Herbage g'Owing and renewing, es Well in and upon ihe Land so to be set out as-afortl’akl, as a!lo in and upon all an 1 every the prvate Lancs, Roads, and Ways, within the said Tovdnships and Manor, shall be veiled in liieb.Peril >n or Persons, and applied to-such Uses, as the said Commissioners shall in ana by their said Award direct or appoinr.

TidefWeU fcr funhcr crafted. That the said Commissioners shall and

Fair. they are hereby required to fee out and appoint One or more Piece or; t

Pi Ces of Ground in such convenient Situation or Situations, adjoining or near to the Town of Tidtfwe/l aforesaid, as they shall think proper, noc exceeding Six Acres in the Whole, to be from Time to Time uled and enjoyed for the Purpose of hoiding the publick Fairs and Markets ot Tide/-well foresaid: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to alter, prejudice, vary, diminish, or deleat the Right and 1 itle of the Lord of the Manor of lidefwell atord'aid, his Heirs or Assigns, to such and the like Tolls,'Duties, Customs, and Profits of Fairs and Markets, as he or they are now entitled to or enjoy, or would have been entitled to or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

Allotments 10 XU. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and andMhfrPer- they are hereby required to let out, alloc, and appoint unco the King’s fom in lieu of most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Succrflors, in Right of His Duchy Qua Kents, Qf LanCr)jler, or to any other Person or Persons, such Parcel or Parcels of Land out of and from any of the said W..fles, Moors, Commons, and uriinclosed Lands, hereby Oirested to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as'lhrill in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be cqu- in Valu- to or an Equivalent for all or any Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other dry or unimprovtabie Rents, as are now respectively due and payable to the said King’s Msj fly, His Heiis and Successors, in Right of H's said Duchy, or to any other Person or Persons, out of, from, or in respect of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, or any Part thereof, or out of, from, or in respect of any Messuages, Cot* tages, Lands, or Hereditaments, situ ite, lying, and being within the said. Towmhips, Manor, and Parish, which belong to Persons having Right of Common in and upon the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and unin. closed Lands: Provided nevertheless, that the Linds so to be set out, allotted., and appointed as a Comp-nfation or Equivalent for any Rents in respect of any such MdTuagrs, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments as iaft mentioned, shall be dedu&ed out of or taken.from the several or re-speitive Allotments of the Person or Persons who now pay, or shall or may at the Time of such Allotment be liable'to pay such respsdive Rents. T

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, after having set out the said publick and private Roads and Ways, and the (a;d Allotment fur Tidef&cll Fair, and for such other publick Uses and Por-poses as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to let out and allot unto and for the said William Duke of Devonftnre, and his Heirs, as Lord of the said Manor of TidefwJL so much, and such Part and Parts of the then Kefidue of the Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Land?,

within

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor.

leg?

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. CVp. 64.

within the Manor of Tidefwsll aforesaid, as in the Judi-ernenc cf t' e f ad Cornmifiloners shall be eqtlal in Value to One foil Eighteenth Fart or Share of such Reftdee or the said Waites, Moois, Commons, and ur i r-closed Lands, for*and in lietrof, and as a full Recompense and Sitisfai-tion for his Right to the Soil of the said Wades, Moors, Commons, and llninclosed Lands,' and for h;s Content to the said Inclosure.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Comm fli nets shall A! ’«"» cf ami they are hereby required to let' out and, allot the Rriidue of the fil'd ^utoi,. Open and Common Fields, Mcfne Inclolaieis, Waste-, Moors, Commons, and unthclosed Larfcls, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and fhclosed, unto, between, and amongst the several Peri ns, who at the Tifre of making such D;vifton, Allottlwnt, and Inciolure, shall be entitled thereto or interested (herein, in Proportion to then fever <d and re-(pedltve Shares, Estates, Rights, Proper lies, and Interests; anj in making the several Allotments to be tr ade under and by vr tuc of this Act, xftE said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to have due Regard to Situation and Convenience, as' well as to the Quantity and Qtlhlity of the Land to be aiiotted, so as that the Aiiptmen: or Allotments of each Pefon be laid'as near together, and as qp-.tiguom to the.:r several Dwelling and Farm Houses and Estates, as conveniently y bi,

Cttnfift nily wit > the general Convenience Of the Parties interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure: Provided always, that it llrall romTiffion-' be lawful for the said Comnnflicners, at any Time be:ore executing their :\A?, V,’‘itU,n final Award, to make any such Alterations in the Allotments, or in the t i<Lf-Fences, which they may have fit out and ordered, or in ary of the Cid,gs ri->not their inti Drrtftions relating thereto, which they- may have made in pu.iuunce n 1 ‘ X>f',rhis or’’the I.id rccired Adf, a* they may thir.k right and expedient;

"arid in case any Person or Persons be injured by such Alterations, on account of any Expeners he or they may have been at, or other wise, the ’laid Commissioners shall a I certain and determine what Recompeecc shall bd mav.e to hi'm, hef, or them for such Injury* and shall order ana direct by Whom and in what Manner'such Recomptnce ill all be marie.

' 5V. And be it further efiirted. That wherever it fltail happen that certainirt-rfore Proprietors than one haveiLancf in the lame Cloie or Parcel or the c'ofe-i Lands rfrrie.'it inclosed Lands', within the" said Townships and Manor, or either br any of them, it'shall be lawful so*r ti:e said Commissioners, »na-they Fields. ’iteVrereby author zed and required in every such Cffe, at the stof 'the Putti s mcerefled therein, to be signified by Writing under tly. ir reflective Hands,' to divide, allot, ind award tvery such Ciofc or Parcel of p-e ent incloifed Land, in the fiiffie Way and Manner as tf the lame V " P.rt tf the Open and Common Fields hereby <1.reeled to be divided,

‘‘allotted, and inclosed.

"b "J- i~> ... . j i , .

XV!. And be it ‘urther er.rfted, That the Lid C rtvmissioners shall and Al'otmsnts they are hereby authorized to jflign, set out, and allot unto any Person or «>» br maJe P' :,j - s woo or may be entitled t any Fee Farm Rents* Chief Rents. ci-leVcr*' Qm" Renty, or other rv and unimptovcable Rents 01 Payments whatlo- o tin Hears, et-otn 'or out 'f any Messuages, Cottages, L^nd , T ntmeits, or H red tan ert's belonging* *o any of the said Ow ners or Proprietors, or Person interested as aforesaid, and t ntitled to any Allotment r Allotments under hud by virtue of this Act; such Portion or Portions if tjhe

Allotment

-747° GEORGI! III. Sess. 2. Gap.64.

Allotment or Allotments of such Owners or Proprietors, or Persons in* terested as aforesaid, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equ valent in Value to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any such Kents or Payments, and in lieu of and full Satisfaction for the same.

«iVhmeTe°f -^11. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Lands and unites those Hereditaments which shall be allotted by virtue of this or the said recited i«hi'hthef holden, and shall be deemed and taken under and subject

m-'y be atilt- such and the like Tenure, Kents, Fines, Customs, Heriots, and Sere terl* vices, as the Lands and Hereditaments in right or in respect of which such Allotments shall be made, and that the fevverai Lands and Hereditaments which shall be allotted in light or in respect of Freehold Lands or Hereditaments shall be deemed Freehold, and shall be holden as such, under the fame Rents and by the lame Services as the Freehold Lands 'and Hereditaments in right or in respe&of which they shall be so allotted; and that the several Lands and Hereditaments which shall be allotted in right or in respect of Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments, within or holden of the said Manor of Tideswell, shall be deemed Copy, hold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments, and shall be holden as such by Copy of Court Roll at the Will of the Lord, according to the Custum of the said Manor of Tidtfwell, by, under, and subject to such and the like Tenure, Rents, Fines, Customs, Heriots, and Services, and shall pals by such and the like Surrenders, Admittances, or other Acts, Deeds, or Instruments, and by and under such and the like Rules and Orders of Descent or otherwise, as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments in right or in respect of which they shall be so allotted, and that the Quantities in Acres, Roods, and Perches of such Copyhold and Customary Allotments, with their respective Boundaries and Abbuttals (where the fame can be ascertained) shall be by the said Commissioners in their said Award let forth and described; and that ail and every Person and Persons to whom any such Copyhold or Customary Allotment shall be made, shall, within Six Calendar Months from the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants of the fame respectively, according to the Custom of the said Manor, without paying any Fine on such Admission, or any other Charge that) the Stamp Duties and Parchment, and the accustomed Charges and Fees of the Steward of the Court; but in case any Person or Persons to whom such last mentioned Lands or Hereditaments shall be so allotted, shall die without Admission within-the said Six Calendar Months, then the Customary Fine or Fines, Heriots, and other Payments, shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person or Persons entitled to the said Lands and Hereditaments; and after every such First Admission, the Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments so to be allotted, shall at all Times thereafter be holden under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, Duties, Heriots, and other Payments, as the Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments in right or in respect of which they shall be so allotted.,

InerMch-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which shall ntem*. appear to the said Commissioners to have been made ar any Time within Thirty Years previously to the First Day of "January One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in case any Difpucc or Difference shall arise touch.

8 >ng

2001

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 64.

ing any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute ffull be settled by the said Commissioners; and all such Encroachments as mail be deemed Parts of the said Waites, Moors, Commons, and unindoled Lands, in case the same shall be allotted to the respective Parties who may have improved the fame, or to the said I'/itliam Duke of DevonJbir:% his Heirs ot Assigns, shall be valued as if in an unimproved State, and w.chouc considering the Improvements made thereupon in building or otherwise; but if such Encroachments shall be allotted to any other Person or Persons, then and in loch Cafe the Person or Persons who shall receive the same, shall piy and allow to such Person or Persons as shall or may have improved the fame, such Compensation or Satisfaction, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and by Writing under their Hands, or in and by their said Award, order and direct.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons imerested therein shall be diffacisfied with the Determination of the ^tii'the Dc-laid Commissioners or Umpire, made in pursuance of the Directions or termination.f the said recited Act of the Fotty-first Year of the Reign of His prefer.:

Majesty, respecting the Boundaries of the said Townlli'ps, Man r, or respect 10 Panth, and of any Parish, Manor, Township, Hamlec, or District adjoining thereto, and shall be desirous of having the Biundaries affected b-.t-r. mined by such Determination tried at Law, and shall by themselves or their re- £y1J'rij*at spective Agents or Attornies, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall have been made and published by them, give Notice in Writing to the said Comtn.f-lioners of tuch his, her, or their Objection to the said Buuncaiies so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpite, and ol such Desire to have the fame Boundaries settled by Trial at Law, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, immediately on Receipt of such Notice as aforesaid, or as loon afterwards as conveniently can be, to give Notice to One or more of the Party or Parties interested therein, who shall infill upon the Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioneri or Umpire, or to his, her, or their respective Agenis or Attornies, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place cf Abode cf such Party or Parties,

Agents or Attornies respectively} and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons giving such Notice to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or his or their Heirs, Successors, cr Assigns, after the Expiration ol Three Calendar Months from the Time of such Notice being given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to proceed to Trial at Law for the ascertaining of such Boundaries so objected to as aforesaid, at the next Assizes to oe holden for the County of Derby, in an Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in One of His Majesty's Courts at We/i-irimjler, by the Person or Persons giving such Notice to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, against any such Person or Persons interested therein, who shall infill cn the Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more issue or Issues, whereby all such Boundaries may be properly tried and determined (such issue or Issues, if the Parties differ abour the fame, to be settled by the proper Officer of the Courr wherein such Action or Actions shall be commenced); and the Jury [Loc. & Per.) 12 Z or

2002

Commi (Toners t. determine difputtd Claims;

but not to determine Titles.

Commissioners may award Cods.

Allowing Par., ties to try their Rights by an ItTue at Law.

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 64.

or Juries who shall try such Issue or Issues, shall find the true Boundary or Boundaries of all or any of such Townships, Manors, Panfries, Hamlets, or Districts so in Dispute, and the fame (hull, under the Direction of the Judge who shall try the said lflue or Kibes, be indorsed speciiHy bn the Poftta, in case the same shall be thought necessary for ascertaining such Boundaries , and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in any such Action or Actions shall be final and concltffWe to every Person and Persons, B idy and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoevtr, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall let afidethe Verdict or Verdicts to to be given as aforesaid, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had (which it shall be awful for the Court to do, and also upon sufficient Caule fhcwn to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is tifual in other Cases); and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained and not set aside by the Court as aforesaid, the hid Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to conform to such Verdict or Verdicts, any Thing in the said Act or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action, shall be by the said Commissioners reimbursed all the Cells, Charges, and Expences which he or they shall reasonably pay, expend, or be put unto in the Defence of such Action or Actions, by and out of the Money to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise with or betwten any Perfor. or Persons interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching their reiptdlive Shares, Proportions, Rights, Interests, Claims, or Demands, the said Commissioners or Umpire shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame; provided, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine any Difference or Dispute touching the Tide of any Person or Persons in or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners or Umpire, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, Difference or Dispute, which shall be brought before them, under and by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall fee Cause to award any Cods or Charges to any of the Parties concerned therein, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Umpire, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, afiefs, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be made, by any Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall or may by such Determination be disallowed or over-ruled, and such Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Ex-ptnees of parting and executing this Act, are directed and authorized to lie recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil, or of any Right of Common, or other

2 Right

200J

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 64.

Right or Iiuereft in, over, or upon, or in respect of ti;e said Open anu Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Walks, Moors, Commons, and other inclosed Lands, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons io dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the First or Second Assizes then next following to be holden for the Lid County of Derby; and for that Purpule the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid, shall cause an Action to be brought on a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Comnvflionrrs or Umpire; and tht Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actiors lbull, and he, fire, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon or in Dispute, may be tried and determined (Inch Issue or Issues, in case the Parties shall differ abouc the lame, to be settled by the proptr Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, (which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also upon sufficient Cause shewn to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Cases); and thatafeer such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Courr, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials, and the Verdict or Verdicts to be given thereon as aforesaid: Provided always, Detcrmir.n-that the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpite, touching tionofCom-any such Claim or Claims as aforesaid, or touching or concerning any ’n^rs" be other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and In- find, f not clol'ure which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or toandmedf Parties objecting shall not in respect thereof duly cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon ail Parties.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any irraitiesdie Action to be brought in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall die t tcTalTrc' pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall "10‘ ‘J

be proceeded in as if such Event had not happened.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suitor Suits shall be suite to be commenced cr prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Per- commenced son or Persons to any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements in the Lid Town- "°e: jiYiYure ships, Manor, and Parish, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or

hinder the said Commissioners from proceeding in the Execenon of the Powers vested in them by the said recited Act and this Act; but the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits, and the Allotment or Allotments to which such Suit

or

2ce>4

Spring* may b« diverted.

Commissioners may d rest the Course of Husbandiy.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 64.

or Suits shall relate, may be had and taken by the Person. or Person', who, upon the Determination of such Suit or Suns, shall become entitled to the fame,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to direct and order all or any of the Warereourses or Springs of Water in the said Open and Common Fields, Mcfne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, or any Part thereof, to be diverted, turned, or varied, and to be carried and conveyed in such Courlcs, and through such Lands and Allotments as they shall in their Discretion t!vnk proper , provided that such Water-courses or Springs of Water flrall not be diverted, turned, or varied, wuhout the Corfent in Writing of the Person or Persons who may at the Time be entitled to the Benefit and Use thereof, and the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons from or into whole Lands or Grounds f.ch Springs or Watercourses shall be diverted, turned, or varied, carried through, or conveyed as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as loon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by foine Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be published as herein-before directed, order and tfirtfl the Course of Husbandry that shall be tiled in, over, and.upon the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be in-doled, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the Lid intended Division and Allotments, as well with respectto the laying down, ploughing, lowing, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the flocking and eating the Fallows or Stubbles, aid also to the cutting of Turf, Peat, Furze, Thom', or Bushes, getting or digging of Peat or Stone, cutcing of Wood, or doing any Injury unto or upon the Lands intended by this Act to be inclosed, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed upon the most publick outer Door of the Church of fidefwell aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately preceding Divine Service, shall and may make such Orders and Regulations, touching the Conduct of Farmers and Tenants within the said Townships, Manor, and Parish, for preventing them from committing Walle or Destruction upon any of the said Lands and Grounds in the said Town-ships. Manor, and Parish, in the mean Time and until the Allotments or Divisions thereof shall be effected, as to them shall seem expedient; all which Orders and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested therein, their Farmers and Tenants, and that the said Commissioners shall set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, on every Person not conforming to such Orders and Regulations, as they shall think necessary; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and for such Uses and Purposes, as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, or by their Award herein-after mentioned direct or appoint; and the same shall be recovered and recoverable in a summary Way before any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Derby, who is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint made before him, to summon the Party accused, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses (upon Oath to be administered by him) and to proceed to Judgement and Conviction, ns in Cases of a similar Nature; and if any such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be adjudged to have

2005

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 64.

been incurred, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, together with reasonable Costs, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted to the Vicar of Tideswell aforesaid and his Successors, or to any other Person or Persons, for or in respect of any Glebe Lands or Hereditaments within the said Townships, Manor, or Parish, shall be inclosed and Ring fenced, and fenced against any publick Carriage Roads that may be laid through the fame, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, (except on such Parts and Sides thereof as the said Commissioness shall order and direct to be fenced by any of the Proprietors whose Allotments shall adjoin thereto) by and at the Expence of the other Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Hereditaments wichin the said Townships, Manor, and Parish, in Proportion to their respetflive Rights and Property in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and such Fences shall for ever, after the making thereof, be maintained and kept in Repair by the said Vicar and his Successors, for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, of preparing and executing the Award, of setting out the said Allotments for publick Ul'es as aforesaid, and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever incurred for or by reason of the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of the said Open and Common Fields, Meihe IncIofure3, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, or in carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act slave and except the Vicar of Tideswell aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to him or them for or in right of any Glebe Lands to which he or they shall or may be entitled within the said Townships, Manor, and Parish, or any of them), which said Costs, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof, to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be settled and adjusted by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful For the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, in case they shall be requested so to do by any Tenant for Life or in Tail, or other Person being in Possession of, but not having the absolute Estate or Interest in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Townships, Manor, or Parish (such Request being in Writing under the Hand or Hands of such Person or Persons as aforesaid) to fell so much of the respective Allotment or Allotments to be made to such Person or Persons, in relpcdl of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to the resptdlive Proportions of any Part of the Expences of the obtaining and

[Lee. £s? Per.] 13 A carrying

Vicar's Allotment to be Ring fenced.

Expences of the An to b:

borne by the Persons in* tcreltea.

Lands to be ded ufted from Allotments to Tenants for Life to pay Expences.

2006

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 64.

carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, which such Person or Persons may be charged with, and the Expences of fencing, ditching, inclosing, and putting into a proper State for letting the Allotment or Allotments of such Person or Persons as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall assign, allot, and award the said Lands to be sold, to any Purchaser or Porchafers thereof, upon Payment of the Value of such Allotment or Allotments by him or them to the said Conunifiioners, who shall apply the fame in or to the Paymenc of such Expences, and in fencing, dirching, inclosing, and putting into a proper State for letting the said Allotment or Allotments respectively: Provided always, that if there shall be any Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale, the same shall be applied in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange cf any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

Leifes at r. ck

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases, [° bC or other Agreements at Rack Rent subsisting, of all or any Part or Paris of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Townships, Manor, and Parish, for any Term or Number of Years un-expired, shall, immediately upon such Allotments being made, or so soon after as the said Commifii mers shall by their said Award direct, cease, determine, and be void, in respect of the said Open and Common Fields, Mcfne inclosures, VYaftes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, the respective Owners anu Proprietors of the said Messuages, Lands, 1 ene-ments, or Hereditaments so in LeTe as aforesaid, making such Satisfaction to such Lefifle or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, for or in respect ol such Lease or Lease-s, or o'her Agreements, or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Manor of 'Tideswell, anil Part in any adjoining Manor or Townfhtp, all and every such Lease or Leases at Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated; but where such Land shall have been taken in Exchange, the whole ot which Land shall b>- under Lease, and situate in an adjoining Manor or Townftup, Not to extend ihe Lease of such last mentioned Land shall not be vacated: Provided al-whereaFine ways, that nothing herein contained shall extend to make void any Lt,fe has been paid, or Leases of the prefenc inclosed Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Parc or Paris of the Lands or Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, upon the making or Renewal whereof any Fine or Fines hath or have been paid.

Abatement to

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where an Allot-Lessee'i'for menc or Allotments of any Patt of the said Open and Common Fields, LoisotR-ghts. Mesne Ir.closures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, shall be made for and in respect of the Rights and interests belonging to any Pedon or Persons for or in respect of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Townships, Manor, or Parish, which aie held by any Tenants or Occupiers for a Term of Years, by virtue of any Lease or Agreement thereof made; and if such Tenants or Occupiers do not or shall not come to an Agreement with the Person or Persons to whom such Allotments shall be made, for the Use, Occupation, and Enjoyment thereof, such Tenants or Occupiers shall not be entitled to enter upon,

occupy,

200 7

47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 64.

occupy, or hold the said Allotment or Allotments, but shall nevertheless have and receive from the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof, such an Abatement from the yearly Rent or Rents reservedand made payable in and by such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, for the Remainder of the Term or Terms then to come therein, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a reasonable Compensation for the Loss which he or they shall sustain thereby.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Exchanges to and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, m y e m3 e' Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Tidef-well, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided, that all such Exchanges be ascertained, spec.lied, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Confenc of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so fxenanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate,

Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Li e, or in Fee Tati General or Special, or by the Couriefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses,

Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or ocherwile disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herlelf, such Consent to be certified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties consenting respectively j and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall lie or be situate: Provided always, that the Costs, Charges, Exp.ncts of and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Exchange* Partitions, under the Powers and Authorities in this Act and the said re-

cited Act, or either of them contained, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant and Tenants to Occupier, under any Lease or Agreement for any Term of Years, of any u^dex' of the old Inclosures within the said Townships, Manor, and Parish, which Lands, shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall, immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or within such further Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose, give up and resign the full and peaceable PoflVflion of such exchanged Lands to the Person or Persons to

2008

47° GEORGII III. Bell* 2. Cap. 64.

or with whom the same shall be respectively exchanged, such respective Tenants and Occupiers receiving from the said respective Owners and Proprietors of such exchanged Lands, such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants respectively on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the

I.ofs or Losses he, she, or they shall respectively luftain thereby; and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Three Calendar Months after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same, for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be raised or recovered.

Proprietors

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful men/ tdo’T* ^or any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Aliot-rhe Execution ments under or by virtue of this Act, in Fee Simple, to give, grant, bar. of the Award, gain, fell, siemife, mortgage, limit, devise, convey, assure, and dispose of Right ofcom- the f*me> or all or any Part of his, her, or their Estate and Interest therein men, epaiate or Right thereto, at r.ny Time before the Execution of the said Award of other Proper- f*ie Commissioners; and every such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, De-ty. ‘ mise. Mortgage, Limitation, Assurance, Devise, Conveyance, and Dif.

position thereof, shall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and also that it shall and may he lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Wade, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands hereby directecl to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made or let cut in respect thereof, by virtue of this Act, separate and distinct from the Estate in right of which he or she is entitled to such Allotment or Allotments, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award; and ic shall be’ lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to award all and every such Allotment Or Allotments which shall be so fold and disposed of, or be made and set out in lieu of any Common Right so sold or disposed of, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition.

Mortgages

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per. may neat'- fons to whom any Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise shall be made by virtue of this or the said recited Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums by him, her, or them lent and advanced on the Credit of and for the Purposes mentioned in this or the said recited Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall and may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Surrender or Surrenders, Writing or Writings under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Presence of and arrested by Two or more credible Wimefies, assign and transfer the fame Securiiy or Securities, or the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, or their Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, and Term of Years then to come and unexpired, of, in, and to the fame, unto any Person or Persons whotnfo-ever, who may again in like Manner assign the fame, and so toties quo ties; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Assignee or Assignees, his, her, er 1 w their

nog

47° GEORGII III. Sc/r.2. Cap. 6^.

their Executors or Administrators, and all Persons claiming under him, them, or any of them, shall and may use, take, and purftie ai! such lawful Methods, Courses, and Expedients in Law or Equity for recovering or obtaining Poss-flionof the Premises so mortgaged, demited, or assigned as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment of the Principal Money and Imereft thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are, or can or may be used, taken, and purfutd in Cases of Money due upon Moitgage in geneial.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it funher enacted, That all Money charged upon Copyhold Lands, shall be secured by Mortgage or Mortgages, or Alignments thereof, in the Court of the Lord of the said M.nor ot Tide/well, according to the Custom of the said Manor; and on Inch Moitgage or Mortgages, or Assignments thereof, the cufbimary Fine shall be oaid to the Lord of the said Mano% with all the culfomary Court Charges usually paid to the Steward on such Occasions.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sale and Sales made by any Person or Persons in pursuance of this or the Lid recited Act, of any Allotment or Allotments, where the same shall be in respect of Cop. h.>ld Property, shall be made by the customary Surrender and Admission in the Court of the Lord of the said M. nor of Tidefowll, on which the customary Fine shall be paid to the Lord of the said Manor, and also the usual Court Charges and Fees to the Steward thereof, on such Occasion shall be pai i.

XXXMII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein eonrained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, adjudged, cr taken to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any SettLme.it, D ed, or Will, or to prejudice any Person or Perf ms having or claimng any J in-tu'e, Dowe/, Portion, Kent, Service, Morigage, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or afhfting any c.f the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, or any Lands, ! enements, or Hereditament which shall be exc anged o- divided by virtue of ih;s Afl or the said recited Act, or any Part or Parcel thereof respectively; but that the lever a I Lands, Tenements, and Hered taments so to be . fligned, aboittd, exchanged, or divided as aforesaid, shall, immediately after m king such Allotments, Exchanges, Par itions, or Divisions respectively, bt, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed; and the several Persons to whom the lame shall be alligned and aloned, or given in estrange, shall from thenceforth Hand and be frifed and possessed thereof reipcc-tiVrly, to such and the same Uses, and to and for such and the fame Eftaits, and with and under such and the fame Powers and Authoriues, amt furjeft to the iame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Provifiuns, Remainders, Reversions, Mortgages, Debts, Chi.ges. and Incumbrances, as the fever 1 Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Common Rights in Leu or in respect whereof such Ailo rnents and Ex,hanges Ih.ill be made, now ft.md limited or liable to, or would have been liable to in cale this Act had not Oeen made.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Mon.-y for defrayng ti c Expeices' of obtaining an.i passing thi- Afl, or of carrying the same and (he said recited Act into Execution, every such Person or Persons shall be repaid the fame, [Lffr. & Per.] *3 B with

Mortgages of Copyings to be made in the Lord’* Cjuit.

Sa’es lobe in the Lord*! Court.

No Secernent, will, &c. fu be altered.

Money a>!-^anced to i>« repaid wnh Interest.

I no

Awar«l to l e deposited

Commissioners Accounts to re Ltd nc-f^re On Justice or more Once every Year.

Proprietors to pay their own Expences.

Persons aggrieved i nay appeal to tl;e Quarter Sessions.

4.70 GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 64.

with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the first M mies that shall be rsifed or received by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, for defraying such Exp;rn.es.

XL. And be it further ena£Ld, That the Award ro be made by the said Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be depofued and kept in the Chest belonging to the Parish Church of A'idcfwell, where the other Writings belonging to (he lairl Parish are usually kept, in order that all PeYons interested in the lain Inclosure may have Recourse thereto at all seasonable Times.

XLI. And be it further enacted, Thar Once at least in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act, (such Y< ar to be computed from th Day of the passing the icof) the said C >mm flioners 111.11 and they are hereby required to make a true and jolt Statement or Account of all hums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution oJ this and the said tecited Ad; and such Sta’ement or Account when so made, together with the Vou< hers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices stated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Oikce of the Clerk to the said Commissione s; and no Charge 01 I em in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XLIk And be it further enacted, That the Lid Proprietors shall pay their own Expences, when they attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden for putting this Act into Execution.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall thii k himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this and the said recited Act (other {han and except such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-bri'ore directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict ot a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, the Dcerminations of the said Commissioners are directed to be final and con-clu 1v,) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarters ffions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Derby, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of tile Matter thereof; and the Justices (ttoc interested in the Prctmfes) in their said General Quarter Stiltons, are hereby requited to hear and determine the Matter ot every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Coils and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reaPmable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colts and Damages which shall be so a warded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (,if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale 5 and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and condulive to ail Parties

concerned

47° GEO'RGII III. Sess. 2l £^.^4,

I c. V It’ "'I

concerned, ind shall not be removed by. Cir iorati, ,pr any; other Writ; cr Pro'refs whatsoever, into any of Hni «foi- fty’s £<;tjits of Kpcqrfi atJV{Jl-minjiir or tlfewhtre; but in case such Appeal dialliappear to the Lid Juf-tiers to be frivolous, vexatious, or \yithout Fuundatioi), then theffiid Jnl-tices diall award fu h Cods to be p id by the Appellant grlAjpgej^agfHj as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid. . ... j r \

.1 i diprr r'nnLXs ' l,',i ' nnS.sdi.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, , T;<ut nothing, in tfri- A-cr contained’ shall bar, prejudice, lessen, of deb-ait the Kijjhts.JFjttes, and Inrcrrfts which the said William Duke of Devotishire, or any of his Ma-j !i v*s Suhj-ds now have and enjoy, or shall or may hereafter claim to . i-vr and eniovr-Atf digging- lorT^4e»fohin^- woiicmj;, and carryin^m Mi r o’L-a iOre, and taking and enjgving such. trad.Ore, ju

'a*ft <du of all the LidCbmmdnf,. Mbdr's*, and Vif^e Gtounjls with... — f-’.d Pom. nlbtps,1'Manor, and P^rlfb, irttfhde:d1-ib1Aecdi^fdtrd',1 Allotted, and im I fed as aforesaid; but that all and every His Mijtfty’s Subj-Cts shall fr m henceforth for ever hereafter have and enjoy such Rights ot Mining f< l.e :d Ore, and ule and exercise such Liberties and Privileges in relpnd thereof h and throughout a'l and every Part of the said Opea and Common bn Ids, M fne Inclnfures, W.ftes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosrd a af tesaid, in as amp t- and - xtmfive a Manner as they have hitherto ot Right enjoyed and txncifrd Jne fame, making Satisfaction for any D images that shall be done thereby; ay Thine herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall pr judice, I; (Ten, nt defeat the Right, Title, or Intend of the said William Duke or D von/hire, his Heirs or Afilgns, Lord 01 Lords of the said Manor ot Tid fiveil, ot, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belong eg vo the said Manor; but that such Lord or Loros for the Time being dull and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy ail Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Cou ts, Bpds and Quarries of Limedone, W ifs, F.ftnys, and ah o her Royalries, Jurisd'dions, P e-eminences, and Privileges whatsoever, io the said Manor medrnt, appendant, be-origing, or appertaining (other than and except the Kight to the Soil of the Lid Wades, Moou, Commons, and uninclosed Land-, for which a Compensation is hereby befo e dinded to be made) in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame might or could have been held and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XLV. Saving always to the King’s rood Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Snrci (firs, and to all and every other Person or Pefrfons, Body or Bodies P.aitick, Cuiporate, or Collegiate, his, htr, and their Heirs, Successors. Executors, and Administramrs respectively (other than and except the several Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land or other Compensatio shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in relped of the intertd or Property for which such Allomi nc or Allotments, or Compentanon shall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Successirs, Executors, Adsr.inistrators, and Assigns, and except such other Rights and Intereds as the Intents and Purpose of the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure hereby authorized, shall 5 absolucely

II II

Rights of Mining refer ved.

Saving Rights to the Lord of the Manor.

General Saving of Rights.

111 2

47° GEORGII III. Sess. s. Cap. 64.

absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by virtue of this Act) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them had’or enjoyed of, in,to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed- to be divided, allotted, and incloseri, before the passing of this Act, or could, might, or Ought to have' held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidenca thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others. ' V

OMIT" ‘ "J' iA- V . '

' .

r ssgjggg 111 !'. ’j’..'.I _.j_

LONDON: Printed by Georgs Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

*C*4*!H*C*t4HM H t*

Cap. 65.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townftftp

of Bramham, in the West Riding of the County of York. [1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Township of Bramham in the West Riding of the County of York, certain Common Town Fields, containing together by Estimation Six hundred and eighty Acres or thereabouts; and certain Commons or Wastes containing together Six hundred and fifty Acres or thereabouts: And whereas. Sir Thomas Gascoigne Baronet is Lord of the Manor of Bramham aforesaid, and entitled to the Soil of all the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to all the Royalties belonging to the said Manor (subject to a Claim made by the Right Houourable Charles Lord Headley, to the Soil of a certain Parcel of Waste Ground called the Open Rakes, containing by Estimation Fifty Acres or thereabouts): And whereas the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne, Charles Lord Headley, James Fox Esquire, Eleanor Eamonfon Widow, the Reverend Robert Bowtias Clerk, and several other Persons are Owners and Proprietors of Mef* fuages and Cottages, or Scites of Messuages and Cottages, Lands and Grounds within the said Manor and Township, and entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to Right of Average in the said Fields; and the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne is all'o en-tided to and hath heretofore enjoyed Right of Coney Warren upon the [Lee. & Per.] 13 C said

Lord of tha Manor.

Proprietor!.

iii4

Afl 41 Gio.3.

Incopveni* tact a.

'‘’ommif-

fiuhtrs.

Umpire to be appointed.

$1*

470 G EGRGII III. Sets. 2. Cap. 65.

said Commons and Waste Grounds, or upon some Part or Parts thereof; And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Yea? of the Reign of His prei’ent Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Prtyvisions ttfuallf inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of pro ving the several Facts usually required on the puffing of such Acts: And whereas the Funds and Grounds of the said Proprietors 'within the said Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in (mail Parcels, and in their prdent State are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and also of public Utility if the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specitic Allotments made to the several Proprietors according to their respective Rights and Interests therein; but as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore, please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, a"d Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by William Shipton of Green Hammerton in the said County of York Gertleman, and John Hall of Scarbrough in the said County Gentleman, or their Successors, to be elcfted in Maimer hereinafter mentioned, who are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, subject 10 the Regulations of the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered.

' .* t;

II. And, for the Purpose. of settling and determining any Difference or Dispute that may arise between the said Commissioners, touching or concer ning any of the Matters and Things to be by them done ami performed in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act; be it further enacted, That the said. Conunissioners shall and they are hereby /tquired, immediately after their taking and fuofqlibing the Oath or Affirmation, by the said recited Act directed to be by them taken and, fujpscribed, by Writing under their Hand;, to'choole, uopnnate, and appoint tome other proper and skilful Person (not interfiled Duke faiiflantl and grounds) who shall be willing and consent to act as an Umpire; and lych Umpire is hereby authorized and required to hear’ and dftei'mfne.mj such Diiier* ence or Dispute as may arise between the said C'onqniifioi'.ers, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the said ITviiion and Indoipp; and the Judgment and Detennitpiion of the said Umpire, So of'ly as impiedj-ately relates to the Matter In Dispute, shall be deemed and ,con£dered to be the Judgment and Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be final and conclusive upon the said Commissioners, and upon all other Persons concerned in the said Division and Inclosure, l’o far as the Acts of tte said Commissioners are by the said recited Act or this Act made Anal ami conclusive: Provided always, that in ,case the Person so nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners as Umpire, shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said. recited Act or of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for cue. said Com-ftuffioners to nominate and appoint One other Person as Umpire in the "S®5'-1 i *' ' "Room

HIS

47° GEORGII III. 3dl. 2. Cap. 65.

Rqoui and Stead of the Perl'on so dying, refusing to ad, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, and so from dime to Time as often as atty Person so nominated or appointed an Umpire shall die, or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and of dtis Ad; and in case any such Umpire snail neglect to lettle and determine any fitch Difference or Dii'pute within Thirty Days after the fame shall have been referred to him by the said Commissioners, such Neglect shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall to

be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act as Umpire, until he shall tun uefore have taken and subscribed the Oath following, (that is to say), l,e at"lfc

I A.B. do swear, (or, being one of the People called Shakers, do

I solemnly affirm,) That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly,

according to the fcdt of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the ‘ Power and Authority reposed in me as Umpire, by virtue of an Act ‘ passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

‘ intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Tovtn/hip of

Bramham, in the West Riding of ti:e County of York, according to Equity

and good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or ‘ Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever,

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for either of the said Commissioners to administer, (who is hereby required to administer the same); and such Oath or Affirmation when so taken or subscribed by such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

it u , lili i* 1a ,ii I ii ,*m r! k. t -

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said William Shipttn shall Appointment die, or shall neglect or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords oi the said Manor for the Time being, by Writing under his or their. tfond or Hands, or the Hand or Hands of his or their Agent or Agents duly authorized, to elect and appoint some fit and proper Person not interested in the said Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place of the said William Shipton, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse or neglect to ad in the Execution hereof; and that if the said John Hail shall die, or shall pegled or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner, then it shall and may be lawful for the Majority in Value of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds directed by this Act to be divided and inclosed, (except the Lord or Lords of the said Manor) who shall be prefect at any Meeting to be appointed for that Pur pole, within One Month after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be made known to the said Proprietors or Persons interested, t>y Notice from the surviving or remaining Commissioner, to be pufoilffied in the Parish Church of Branfhani aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and affixed on the principal Door of the said Church, which Notice such surviving or remaining Commissioner or any Three Proprietors of Lands is the said Maner and Township are hereby authorised to give, and of which

Me.1 fling

1116 47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 65.

Meeting Ten Days Notice at the least shall be published and affixed in like Manner, and likewise given in the Leeds Intelligencer, or some other Weekly Newi'paper herein after mentioned, to cleft and appoint fonie fit and proper Person, not interested in the said IncIoAire, to be a Commissioner in the Place of the said John Hall, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed as fast mentioned shall die or refuse, or neglect to ad in the Execution hereof; and every Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution as the Commissioners by this Act named and appointed are hereby inverted with, in all Respects whatsoever, until the said Division and Allotment of the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, shall be completely effected and carried into Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby dirt sted to cause Notice to be published in the l'arish Church of Branham aforesaid, on some Sunday during Divine Service, and by Writing to be affixed on the principal Door of the said Church j and also to be published once at least in the said Newspaper, of the Time and Place of their beg nning to put this Act in Execution; and also such other Day or Pays as they shall appoint for receiving the Claims of any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to any Share, Right or Interest, in the said Open Fields, or any Average therein, or any Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, so as that the Place of Attendance to be mentioned in every such Notice be within the Parish of Branham aforesaid, and so as that every such Notice be given Ten Days at least before the Fitft Day so to be appointed; and the said Commissioners shall and may afterwards proceed in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time adjourn to such Time and Place within the said Parish as they shall think proper.

O:’ Mouce« \TI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices necessary be or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be so made and g ven by Advertis’ement in the said Leeds Intelligencer, or in some other New spaper printed or circulated in the said West Riding of the County of York.

j>r.>on.*tws to

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors shall at all _ Attendances upon the said Commissioners for executing this Act, pay

their own Expences, and also the Expences of their own separate Agents or Solicitor.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons and Bodies Politick or Corporate, having or claiming any Lands or Rights of Common, or other Right or Interest in or upon any of the said Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, shall, and they are hereby required, by themselves, or their Agents, to lay all such their respective Claims in Writing, under their Lands or the Hands of their Agents, before the said Commissioners, upon such Day or Days as they shall in Manner aforesaid appoint for receiving such Claims, together with a Description of their respective Open field Lands, and also of their respective Rights of Common, or 11 o other

IxpSllCCFl

Cl inrn to be deliver I f<» the Ci u.iai-

fn

of

Ce>nimiflk>n* ers’Meeungs,

1117

4.70 GEORGII III. Se£2. 0^,65.

bther Rights YefpeEtively as aforesaid, and In vespect of what Messuage;. C«tt»gel,h-©rd'$du» sthenoif,. Lands*- Tenements, Gr.ints, Privileges, or Prckrjptiena, ihevj claim the iaiuc; and all Beifonsi and Bodies Politick onlCorpdratcv' tpegleeiinjp.ip' to iay, wr.caufoto be Lud, such ibeir Claims with-fuckTFescript»ns ufrfhtirr tefpeftive iuteretts before the said Com* mifliuness' as aforesaid, fnaib.be, and lie,fhi or they, is and are hereby excludedland,debarred of and from all Right, Title, and Iuteieit, in and to the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, nipectively, and from any Part, Share,-Allotment, or Benefit, in lieu thereof, unless the said Commilloners ihalh fee good C.aule to prolong the Time for making inch Claims; and that all Claims so made as aforesaid, shall, by the said Commissioners, be produced, upon Request of any of the Proprietors or Palpus- interested in- the said Division and Inclosure for Examination, which said Proprietors or Pecfons, or their Agents, shall be allowed to take Copies thereof, if desired, to the Intent that such Claims may be known and fairly considered; and that all Inch Claims io made *nd delivered as aforei'aid, and which shall not be objected to within One Month next after the Time so appointed for the Delivery of-such Claims respectively, shall be final and coDclulive, and shall never afterwards be objected against, controverted, or disputed; and that if upon the Day or Days appointed by the said CominiiHuners for receiving such Claims, or within One Month next after such Day or Days so appointed, the Claim of any Person, or Body Politick or Corporate, so made as aforesaid, shall be objected to by any other Person, or Body Politick or Corporate, interested in the said Division and Inclosure as aforesaid, or by his, her or their Agent, in Writing under his, her, or their Hands, fating forth the Cause or Reason of such Objection; and if the Person, or Body Politick or Corporate, making such Claims so objected again!! ifi aforesaid, lliall1 periiit in the Claim or Claims so laid before the said Commissionexs as aforesaid, or if any other Dispute or Difference shall ariie between any of the Parties interested in the said Divisioa, touching or concerning any Matters or Things by this Act to be done and performed, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said "CommiHioners, and they are hereby empowered and required, by Examination of Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath either of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) and upon other proper Evidence to hear and determine the fame, and to make i'uch Determination therein, as to them may appear just: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners, or the said Umpire, to determine the I itle to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments, whatsoever.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons interested therein shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of »7;h the nfo the said Commissioners, made in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act, respecting the Boundaries of the said Township, Manor, or non,*’with" Parish, and of any Parish, Manor, Township, Hamlet, or District adjoining ,re‘P u thereto, and shall be delirous of having the Boundaries affected by such ^("fan'e'"’y Determination tried at Law, and shall by themselves, or their respective h; <v; rmm«d Agents or Attornies, within Two Calendar Months next after the Deter- 31

mination of the said Commissioners shall have been made and published [Lee. £? Per."] x j D by

tn&

47° GEORGII III. SdT. 2. Cap. 65.

by: them, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of such hisg her, or their Objection to the said Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioners, and of such Desire to have the fame Boundaries settled by Trial at Law, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, immediately on Receipt of such Notice a aforesaid, or as soon afterwards as conveniently can be, to give Notice to One or more of the Party or Parties interested therein, who shall infill upon the Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioners, or to his, her, or their respective Agents or Attornies, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Agents or Attornies respectively; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons giving such Notice to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or his or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months trom the Time of such Notice being given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to proceed to a Trial at Law for the ascertaining of such Boundaries so objected to as aforesaid, at the next Assizes to be holden for the County of York, in an Action or Actions for that Purpose to be commenced in one of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by the Person or Persons giving such Notice to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, against any such Person or Persons interested therein, who shall insist on the Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby all such Boundaries may be properly tried and determined (such Issue or Issues, if the Parties differ about the fame, to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be commenced); and the Jury or Juries who shall try such Issue or Issues, shall find the true Boundary or Boundaries of all or any of such Townships, Manors, Parishes, Hamlets, or Districts so in Dispute, and the fame shall, under the Direction of the Judge who shall try the said Issue or Issues, be indorsed specially on the Foften. in case the same shall be thought necessary for ascertaining such Boundaries; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in any such Action or Actions shall be final and conclusive to every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate whomsoever, unless the Court tvherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside the Verdict or Verdicts so to be given as aforesaid, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had (which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also upon sufficient Cause shewn to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Cases); and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained and not set aside by the Court as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall7 and they are hereby authorized and required to conform to such Verdict or Verdicts, any Thing in the said Act or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action, shall be by the said Commissioners reimbursed all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which he or they shall reasonably pay, expend, or be put unto in the Defence of such Adiqn or Actions, by and out of the Money to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

J. And

47° GEORGII III. SelT.2; Cap.%$. fifg

X. And fn regard that the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages and Cottages, and Scites of Messuages and Cottages, within the said Manor and Right ».> the Township of Burnham, being Common Right Houses and Scites, claim to Herbage, be entitled-to the foie Herbage of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in exclufion of the Ownersot Lands; be it further enacted, That in order that the aforesaid Claim of the said Owners and Occupiers may be fully settled and legally'determined, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Owners to make their said Claim before the said Commissioners, who shall and may and are hereby authorized and directed to make their Determination in Writing against the said Claim; w hereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Owners and Occupiers of such Common Right Houses and Scitcs, to have the Matter of the said Claim settled and determined, and the same shall be tried at Law by one or more Action or Actions, to be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, by any One or more of the Owners or Occupiers of Common Right Messuages and Cottages or Scites respectively, against the said Sir Thatnai Gascoigne and James Fox, or either of them, upon one or more feigned liiue or Iifues, which Issue or Issues shall be settled by the proper Officer of the said Court in case the Parties should differ about the fame, such Action or Actions to be brought or commenced within Three Calendar vionths next after the Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Actions shall appear, and he or they are hereby required to appear to such Action or Actions, accept a Declaration, and plead to Issue, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fb-di thereupon proceed in such Action or Actions respectively, so as to have the tame brought to Trial at the Assizes to be holden for the County of T rk next after Issue joined in such Action or Actions respectively; and the Verdict of Verdicts to be given in such Action or Actions respectively, uu' fs the same shall be set aside by the said Court and new Trials granted therein, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties, and that such Action or Actions shall not abate by the Death of any Party or Parties to the fame; and the said Court ol King’s Bench is hereby empowered and directed to award the C.ofts of such Action or Actions in like Manner as is usual in Actions upon the Cafe in other Cases brought or commenced in that Court; and that all the Coils and Charges that shall or may be incurred by the said Sir Thomas Gascoigtie Lord of the said Manor of Bramham, and James Fox, or either of them, or to which they of either of them may be liabl- for or by reason or on account of such Action or Adior.s, shall be bome and paid in such Markter as the Expences of the obtaining this Act and carrying the fame into Execution are herein-after directed to be raffed and paid: Provided always, that in case no Owner or Occupier cf Common Right Houses or Scitcs shall bring such Action within Three Calen* dar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners, so as to have the Matter of such Claim determined within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall then proceed to allot the said Commons and Wastes in such Manner and in such Shares and Proportions as herein-after is directed , but in case of such Trial at Law as here* in-before directed, a Verdict shall be found by the Jury establishing a Right in the Owners or Occupiers of Common Right Houses and Scites to a greater Proportion of the said Commons or Wastes than the Moiety herein-after mentioned and directed to be allotted and awarded in respect

thereof,

11 20

Power te aSefs Coits.

Allowing Parties lo try their Rights by an Ilfue at Law.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 6$.

thereof, then the said CoinmhTioners shall and they are heraby directed td allot and award to the Owners of the said Messuages, Cottages, and Scites, such further Part and Share of the other Moiety herein-after mentioned of the said Commons’ and Walles as by such Verdi & at Law (half be determined to be the Right of the Owners of the said Messuages, Cottages, and Scites as- aforesaid, and in Proportion to the Extent of their Right to the Herbage of the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be divided and inclosed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, or of any Dispute or Difference between any of the Parties inferested in the said Division and Inclosure, shall fee Cause to award any Colts, it iha.ll be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, affei's and award, such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour the Determination shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Pet ions who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required and authorized, by W arrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons intereffed or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil, or of any Right of Common, or other Right or Interest in, over, or upon, or in respect of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so difiatis-fied, to proceed to a 't rial at Law of the Matter determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the First or Second Alflzes then next lol-iowing to be holden for the said County of York; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid, shall cause an Action to be brought on a feigned Iffuc against the Person or Persons in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Mom hi next alter such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Cemnv n 1 ail, and accept One or more Ilfue

or

11 21

47° GEORGII I. III. SdT.2. Cap. 65.

or IiTues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or li ghts thereby infilled upon or in Dispute, may be tried and determined (Inch issue or IiTues, in c de the Parties shall differ about the fame, to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such A ebon or Actions shall be commenced); and the Ver lift or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Adams shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Per-fpn and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court w ierein such Action or Actions dull be brought shall set afnle such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon (which it shall be lawful for the Coure to do, and also upon sufficient C.ause shewn to put off the Trial of such IiTues as is usual in othci Cases); and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials, and the Verdict or Verdicts to be given thereon as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire touching any such Claim or Claims as aforesaid, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objeding shall not in respect thereof duly cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof* but shall be proceeded in as if such Event had not happened.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, to settle and ascertain what Recompence shall be paid to the Owners of any Crop growing upon the said Open Fields at the Time of the Division thereof, for the Value of the said Crop, by the Person or Persons to whom the Land on which such Crop shall be growing may be allotted, or otherwise that the Owner or Owners of such Crop, shall be at Liberty to collect, gather, lead, and carry away the fame, within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioners, without any Mclellation or Hindrance of any Person or Persons to whom the Land on which the Crop so grow ng shall be allotted, making such Satisfaction for the Standage thereof as the fain Commissioners shall order and direct; and also to ascertain what Rec inpence shall be made for the making of Fallows by such Person or Persons to whom such Fallow Grounds shall be awarded, to such Person or Persons as shall have made such Fallows; and that from and immediately after the passing of this Act the said Commissioners shall order, direct, and appoint, the Course of Husbandry that shall be tiled in the said l'everal Open Fields, and the Owners thereof shall be subject and liable to such Directions as the said Commissioners shall within fucit T.me appoint, as well with regard to the flocking, as to the ploughing, tilling, lowing, or laying down the fame; and shall and may in and by any Writing or Writings, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, set and impose such Penalty on every Person not conforming to such Orders and Directions as. they shall think reasonable,

\Lx. ca5 Per. j 13 E not

Determination com* midiontrs 10 be final, if not duly o to and tried*

If Parti'S die Pi ocredine* not to abate*

Recompence

for Ci ops and Course of Husbandry.

1122

Lenl'-s nt

Ka.k-rent

vacated.

The Inclo-furss in the

1* iciJs ro remain a? they Bjw arc.

Commi(Tioi> ers may alter Roads through >n-cient IuCiO* lures.

47° GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. 65.

not exceeding Five Pounds for each such Offence, to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners* by Hi ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, together with the reasonable Charges of such Distress and bale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand, and all such Orders of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive, as well upon all Parties interested, as upon their Farmers or Tenants.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all subsisting Leases and other

Agreements at Rack Rent of all or any Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed, shall immediately after such Lands and Grounds respectively shall be set out or allotted, or as soon after as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct, cease, determine, and be void, (in case the Lessors and Lessees do not otherwise agree amongst themselves); and the respective Owners or Proprietors of the Lands or Grounds comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall make such Satisfaction to their respective Lessees or Tenants, for any Loss or Prejudice they may respectively sustain thereby, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge or ascertain, by Writing under their Hands, as a reasonable Recompence to be paid to such Lessees or Tenants, by Way of Equivalent for their respective Terms therein. '

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Closes and Inclosed Lands and Grounds whatsoever, which, on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six, were so inclosed from the said Common Town f ields, shall be taken and considered as Old Inclosure, and shall be free and clear of and from all Manner of Stray and Rights of Common and Average, in, upon, or over the fame, unless the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall consent and agree that the same shall be deemed and taken by the said Commissioners to be Open Field Land, and shall permit tire fame to be divided and allotted as such by virtue and in pursuance and according to the Directions of this Act; and that all Encroachments and Inclosures made from the said Commons and Waites, within the said Manor and Township within Twenty Years next before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed and considered as Part of the said Commons and Wastes, and shall be allotied by the said Commissioners accordingly: But, nevertheless, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized to allot the said Encroachments to the several Persons in the Possession thereof, in Part of their several Allotments, such Encroachments to be estimated at their unimproved Value only, without Regard to any Buildings or other Improvements made thereon.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that there are or is any public Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, in, through, over, or on the Sides of any of the old inclosed Lands or other Lands within the Lid Parish of Bramham, which may, in the Judgment of the said

Commissioners,

1123

47° GEORGII III. Sell: 2. Cap. 65.

Commissioners, be diverteil and turned without Inconvenience to the Public, into any other public Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, or be diverted, changed, widened, or turned, ,so as to make the fame more convenient for the Public, or be flopped up and dellroyed as superlluous and unnecessary, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, (with the Concurrence and Order ot lvvo Justices of the Peace acting in and for the West Riding of the County of York, subject to Appeal as in this or the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty is mentioned) in and by their said Award, to order and direct such public Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, to be diverted, changed, widened, altered, turned, Hopped up, or destroyed, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper and real'onable; and in case such Highways br Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, so to be diverted, changed, widened, turned, flopped up, or dellroyed, do not pals through any of such old inclosed Lands or other Lands, but on the Sides of the fame, to sell and dispose of the Land and Soil of such Roads, first offering the fame at a fair Valuation to the Person or Persons whole Lands lie contiguous thereto, and apply the Money arising the reby towards repairing the publick Highways within the said Parish.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, to set out, award, and allot such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as they shall judge most fit and proper for Watering Places for Cattle, and for Common Pits for getting Stoiles, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials for repairing the Highways within the said Township of Bramham, and for such other Purposes as the said Commissioners shall award and direct, not exceeding Five Acres; and that the same shall remain for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof for the Time being for ever, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Herbage growing thereon, and also the Herbage of the Public Carriage Roads within the said Township, after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners herein-after directed, shall be and are hereby vefledin the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township of Bramham for the Tim£ being, in Trull to let the fame for the bell Rent or Rents that can be gotten, ftnd to apply such Rents in repairing the Public Highways and Roads within the said Township, they the said Surveyors accounting with the Inhabitants thereof touching the Application of such* Rents at the Time of settling their annual Accounts.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Ibid.

Commissioners shall have adjulled and settled all Claifns and Difptrtes, and set out Common Pits and Watering Places, and the Public and Private Roads, Ways, Wntercourses, Drains, and other Requisites, they the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place to set out, allot, and award unto the said Sir Thomd's Gafcaignc as Lord of the Manor of Bramham aforesaid, his Heirs and Afltgns, as a Compensation for his and their Right and Interest-in and to the Soil of the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Township of Bramham,

One

AHotmentifor

Watering Places, Gravel i’i:., ie.

Allotment la the Lord of the Manor for his Right of Sail j

H2f

47° GEORGII III. Sets.2. 6^.65.

One Sixteenth Part (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) of all the said Commons and Waste Grounds, over and above and exclusive of inch Shaies, Proportions, and Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds herein-after to be directed to be allotted to him the said Sir Thomas Gdjcoigne, in respect of his Right of Warren, and also of the Messuages and Cottages, and Scites thereof. Lands and Hereditaments, in right whereof he shall, in like Manner as other Proprietors, be entit'ed to Allotments in and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and that they the said Commissioners shall in the next Place set out, allot, and award unto the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne, as Lord of and for Coney the said Manor, (and also to the said Lord Headley respectively, in case it shall be determined that the said Lord Headley is entitled to Right of Warren upon the said Commons or Waite?, or upon some Part o. Parts thereof,) such Parts, Shares, and Proportions of the Remainder of the said Commons and Waites as the said Commissioners shall deem to be a full, just, and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction for their respective Con y Warrens and Strays for Rabbits, upon the said Commons and W altes, or any of them, so as that the Allotment to be mad^ to the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne doth not exceed the annual Value of Ten Pounds, such Warrens to be discontinued from the Time the said Commissioners shall direct.

«pen, Rt'k*s'

XX. And whereas the Right of Soil of and in a certain Part or Parcel of the said Commons or Waites intended to be divided and inclosed, called The Open Hakes, containing by Estimation Fifty Acres or thereabouts, is claimed as well by the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne Lord of the said Manor as by the said Charles Lord Headley: Be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and directed to award One-sixteenth Part of the said Parcel of Land, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto.

Uic°Keh!iucCff

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

Commons. ° they are hereby authorized and required, to set out, aliot, and award in Severalty, the Residue of the said Commons or Waste Grounds, unto and amongst the Owners and Proprietors, as well of Messuages, Cottages, and Frontlteads, having Right of Common upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds, as of the Open Helds and other Lands and Grounds already inclosed within the Township of Bramham, having such Right of Common as aforesaid, and not having had in respect thereof at any Time heretofore any Equivalent by the Inclosure of Lands and Grounds from the Commons or Waste Grounds, or some Part or Parts thereof, in such Shares and ProDorrions as herein-after mentioned, (that is to say). One Half Part in Value of such Residue (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) shall be set out, allotted, and awarded unto and amongst the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne, the said Lord Headley, James Fox, and the Rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages and Cottages, and Scites of Messuagts and Cottages within the Manor and Township of Bramham aforesaid, having Right of Common thereon, and not having received any Equivalent for the same as aforesaid, according to the Number of Messuages, Cottages, and Scites, without any Distiaction as to Messuages oc 3 Cottages,

47° GEORGGII in Sess. 2. ‘Cap. 65.

Cottages, and without Regard to the Value thereof, as the said Commissioners shall in their Judgment think moftjuft and equitable; and the other Half Part in Value of such Residue (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) shall be set out, allotted, and awarded unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors of Open Field Lands, and other Lands and Grounds already inclosed within the said Manor and Town Chip, who were also Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, or Scites, before the Fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and having Right of Common in respect thereof as aforesaid, and not having received any Equivalent for the same as aforesaid, without Regard to the Value of Erections or Buildings thereon, according to the Value of such Lands and Hereditaments, and according to such re-l'peftive Proprietors Rights and Inter efts therein, as the said Commissioners shall, in their Judgment, think moftjuft and equitable, and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for the several and respective Rights of Common and other Interests of such Owners and Proprietors respectively, ih or upon the said Commons or Wastes hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby directed to allot and award to the said James Fox in Part of his Allotments to be set out to him in pursuance of this Act, all the Commons or Waste Grounds called Bramham West Moor, containing Thirty Acres or thereabouts; also such Part of the Common or Waite Ground called Well Hill and Open Rakes, as lies West of a Line to be drawn from the South West Corner of the said Lord Headley’s Park adjoining to Lendrick Hills, to the Top of the Hill on the said Well Hill, and so by the Top of such Hill to a Stake to be put down HalfWay between the Corner of the said James Fox’s Wall and the Rakes Wood, and from thence in a straight Line over the said Open Rakes to the Lodge of the said James Fox; but in case it should so happen, that the said James Fox shall not be entitled for his several Rights and Interests in and to the said Commons and Waste Grounds, to have the Whole of the said Parcels of Ground last mentioned allotted and awarded to him as aforesaid then so much thereof as shall remain after ratifying such Rights shall be allotted to the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne in Part of his Allotment for his Right of Soil as aforesaid; and that the Remainder and Residue of the Allotments to be made to the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne as

well for his Right of Soil as otherwise, shall be allotted and awarded

to him on that Part of the said Common or Waste on the South of the Allotment herein next mentioned to be allotted to the said

Lord Headley, and to adjoin on the North on the Allotment of the said

James Fox, and so as to include therein the Stone Quarry called Paddock Hill Quarry.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall allot and award to the said Charles Lord Headley, all the Common or Waste Ground adjoining to his House at Bramham Biggin called Boocliffe Bank, on the East and South Side of the Watertourse, and all the Residue and Remainder of the said Common or Waste called

[Lee. & Per.] 13 F Well

1125

Allotments to be made to certain Proprietors.

Allotment ts Lord Headley.

1126

Allotment of H’- R 6due of the Open Vicldj.

proprietors may fell their Interests in the

Lards to !>e incloscj fepa-rute from their other Property.

Tenure of Allctmiats.

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap>6$.

Well Hill and Open Rakes, or so much thereof a? he shall or may be entitled to out of or from the said Commons and Walls Grounds as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award in Severalty, all the Residue of the said Open Fields within the said Manor and Township unto and amongst all and every the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, or other Interests in the said open Fields, all or any of them, according to their respective Rights, Properties, and Interests therein, in such Shares and Proportions (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) as the said Commissioners shall, in their Judgment, think moll just and equitable, so as each Owner may, in case he shall require the fame, have his, her, or their fair Proportion of Land allotted in the fame Field in which it now lies, and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for their several Rights and Interests, in or upon the said Open Fields or any of them, which they now respectively have and enjoy: Provided nevertheless, that if the Property or Interest of any Two or more of the said Proprietors, in the said Open Fields, shall be so small, that each Proprietor’s Allotment in such Field or Fields will not in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be worth the Expence of inclosing, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to lay the Allotments of such Proprietors together in One Plot, in any of the said Open Fields, which may be in the Judgment of the said Commissioners most convenient, equitable, and beneficial for such Proprietoi s, or may allot to such Proprietor an Equivalent for the fame from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in Augmentation of such Proprietors Share of such Commons and Waste Grounds, in which Cafe the Share of such Proprietor in the said Open Fields shall be added to the Allotment or Allotments there, of some other Proprietor or Proprietors, whose Allotments in the fame Common and Waste Grounds shall be proportionably reduced, in like manner as if an Exchange had actually taken place between them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary uot-withftariding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons interested in the said Commons and Whfte Lands within the said Manor and Township, at any Time before the forming and drawing up of the Award of the said Commissioners, to sell and dispose of all or any Part of his, her, or their Right, Title, and Property, in or to any Right of Common or other Interest, in and upon the fame Commons and Waste Lands, or any of them, separate and apart from the Messuages, Cottages, or Frontsteads, Lands and Grounds respectively, in respect whereof he, she, or they, shall be entitled to such Right of Common or other Interest, and every such Sale being specified and let forth in the Award of the said Commissioners, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purnofes whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Lands and Grounds ar, shall, by virtue of this Act be alotted to any Person or Persons, shall be held by them respectively, in the same Manner, and by the fame Tenure,

as

1127

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 6^1

as the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or in respect of which such Allotment shall be made, are, or shall be holden, and shall be subject to the Payment of Tythes in the same Manner, and to the fame Persons, as the Lands in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are subject.

XXVII. Provided always; and be it further enacted, That nothing in this will*. &c. not Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to revoke, make 18 be

void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or ta prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion,

Debts, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be respectively divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but that the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, shall be held to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or in respect of which such Allotments shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made, subject to such Mortgages, Charges, and Incumbrances, as shall be made in pursuance of the said recited Act, or this Act.

XXVIII. And, for the more effectual Preservation of the Quick Fences to No steep or be planted and set for dividing and separating the Lands and Grounds

hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, be it further enacted, That the Aiiot-it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to departure either with Sheep, Asses, or other Cattle, any of the Highways or Lanes which shall be made by virtue of this Act, for the Term of Seven Years next after the respective Allotments shall be set out, and the Fences made; nor shall it be lawful for any of the said Proprietors, Owners or Occupiers, of any Part of the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be divided and inclosed, to keep or departure any Sheep, Asses, or any other Cattle, in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Term of Seven Years next after such Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons so keeping or departuring Sheep, or other Cattle, shall first make, or cause to be made, a Fence sufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round such Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by such Sheep, or other Cattle, whether such young Quick Fences be planted or set determined by the Person or Persons owning or occupying such Allotments as aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons owning or occupying the Allotments adjoining thereto.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners shall be signed and published by them, and deposited in the Parish Church of Bramham aforesaid, under the Care of the Vicar and Churclvwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, and that the same shall be inrolled at Length, in the Public Register Office for Deeds and Wills, kept at Wakefield, in and for the West Riding of the County of York.

SI 2 3

Expences of the Act and Inciofiite how to be paid.

Commissionerj Accounts to fee examiaed.

Person* advancing More/ to be paid with Interest

47° GEORGII III. Sess. s. Cap. 65.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Expences

of the said Commissioners and Umpire respectively, for their )ournies and Attendances, occasioned by the said Division and Inclosure, and of pmting this Act in Execution, and of the valuing, allotting, and /taking out the Allotments, and also all the Co/ts, Charges, and Expences, in and about the preparing, soliciting, and obtaining this Act, and the fur-veying, dividing, and allotting the said Open Fields and Commons or Waste Grounds, and of the surveying all the ancient Inclosures, or such Parts thereof, as may be necessary; and of the several Journies and Attendances of the Surveyor, at any Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners, by the Direction of the said Commissioners; and all the Charges of the said Commissioners, in and about the preparing and inrolling the Award, to be made in pursuance of this Act, and also all other incidental Charges and Expences whatsoever, for or by reason of the said intended Division and Inclosure, and the hearing and determining any Claims in relation to the Premises by Trial at Law or otherwise, and the carrying of this Act into Execution, (except in such Cases as are otherwise hereby provided) shall be borne and paid by the respective Persons to whom Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, and who shall have the immediate Possession thereof, or Intere/l therein or thereto, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, by an Assessment to be laid on all the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, by an equal Pound Rate, according to the Value of their respective Allotments (the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said Robert Bozvnas, as Vicar of the Vicarage of Bramham aforesaid, and the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne, for and in respect of his Right of Soil as aforesaid, only excepted, and which shall not be chargeable therewith) and all the Old Inclosures to be charged according as the same are benefited thereby, such Value and Proportion to be ascertained by the said Commissioners; and that the Proportion of the said Cods, Charges and Expences, to be borne, defrayed, and paid by the said respective Owners and Proprietors, or Persons interested, shall be settled, adjusted, and ascertained, by the said Commissioners.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, at lead once in every Year from the Date of the pa/ling of this Act, until their Accounts shall be finally allowed, produce to Two Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, a true Statement of all Sums of Money by them received and expended or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, which Statement and Vouchers shall be examined by the said Justices; and the Balance of them dated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law unless the same shall be duly allowed by the said Justices.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons as shall advance any Money for defraying the Expences of applying for, To!icfting, and obtaining this Act, or carrying the fame into Execution, shall be

14 ... repaid

1129

47° GEORGII III. SeIT.2. Cap. 65.

repaid such Money with lawful Interest for the fame out of the Money which shall be first raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (1 all Persont rethink himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Lhing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, (other than and except where the Qj»nei S:f-Ordersand Determinations of the said Commissioners or Umpire by the said recited Act or this Act are declared to be final, binding, or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an KTue at Law is directed to be tried, then and in every such Case, he, i'ne, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden in and for the West Riding of the said County of York within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to tire said Commissioners and to the Party or Parties concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter and Cause thereof, and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and Aw ard such Cods and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colts and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant. Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeai shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this s*'tnt> '-*» Act contained shall prejudice, leflln, or defeat the Right, Title, or In- nonil R sht’* terest of the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne Lord of the said Manor, or any

future Lord or LorJs thereof, of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties,

Rights and Services incident or belonging to the said Manor, but that the said Sir Thomas Cafcoigne, and ali and every the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time and and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Courts Leet, Courts Baron,

Rents, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Audit Rents, Services, Rights, Royalties, Perquisites, and Profits of Courts, and all other Jurisdictions and Privileges to the said Manor incident, appendant, belonging or appertaining confident with this Act, in as full, ample, and beneficial Maimer, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as he, she, or they could, ought, or might have held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had never been made.

XXXV. Saving always, to the King’s most F.xcellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Savi,’S-Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors,

[£.«. Ss* Per!] 13 G and

ii3°

I’;.nt?r.

than such ar are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act,) as ihey and every of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect to the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed, or exchanged, before the passing of this Act, or would or ought to have had or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the 1 Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, joffices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

GEORGII III. REG

Seif. 2.

*«S 4K *$« :M*« $*.*

Cap. 66.

An Act for indexing Lands in the Parish of Shipdham, in the County of Norfolk. [1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS there are, within the Parish of Shipdham, in the County of Norfolk, divers large Parcels of Common, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing by Estima-tion about Six hundred Acres, and also considerable 1 rafts of At able. Meadow, and Pasture Lands: And whereas the most Honourable George Marquis Townshend is Lord of the Manor of Shipdham, and claims to be entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, or some Part thereof; and the said George Marquis Townshend, is seized of, or entitled to the perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Presentation of, in, and to the Rectory and Parish Church of Shipdham aforesaid, and the Reverend Charles Lucas Edridge Clerk, is the present Rector and Incumbent on the said Rectory, and in Right of his said Rectory is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, Tithes, and other Rights and Interest within the said Parish of Shipdham: And whereas Sigfmuftd Trafford, George Brown, and James Gocde-ve Sparrow Esquires, are Lords of the Manor of Caston hall, in Shipdham, and John Crisp Gentleman, is or claims ;o be Lord of the fever.; 1 Manors of Majfnghams, and of Bennetts, and Barleys, in Shipdham aforesaid, and the said Sigismund Trajford, George Browne and James Goodeve Spas row, and John Crisp, respectively claim to be endtled to the Soil of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, [Loc. iff Peri] 13 H and

1134-

+i G. 3.

Commission-cra appointed.

For appointing ntw Commissioners.

47° GEORGII III. Sc It. 2. Cap. 66.

and Waste Grounds, or some Parts thereof: And whereas the said George Marquis Tozvnfhcnd, and several other Persons rcfipcftivtly are the Owners and Proprietors of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, and Tenements within the said Pari fir of Shipdbam: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually hferted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, are subject to certain Rights of Common of Pasture, or other Commonable Rights and Interests, and are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very beneficial to the several Persons, having fuel) Rights and Interests in, over, and upon the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, if such Rights were extinguished, and such Lands and Grounds divided, and specific Parts, or Shares thereof, allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein; and some Parts of the said Arable Meadow, and Pasture Lands are intermixed, and other Parts thereof are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof; and it would be to the Advantage of such Owners and Occupiers, if such Lands were exchanged and allotted under, and subject to the Limitations in the said recited Act, and hereinafter contained, but such Extinguishinent, Division, Exchanges, and Allotment?, cannot be effectually made and established without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Dugmore of Siuajfbam, Anthony Atthill of East Dcreham, and Samuel Heyhoe Lc Neve Gilman of Hingham, all in the County of Norfolk, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing and allotting the said intermixed Lands, Commons,. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Shipdbam, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to such Powers, Authorities, Directions, Regulations, Rdlriftions, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as are not altered, varied, or otherwise provided for by this Act; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and the said recited Act, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame shall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the Commissioners herein before named, or to be appointed as herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners hereinbefore named, or to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or refuse to act, or shall become incapable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, and the said recited Act, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts thereby vested in them shall be fully executed and performed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements,

6 within

ii35

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2; Cap. 66.

within the said Parish of Shipdbanor the major Part of them, in Value, according to the Land tax Assessment for the said Parish, who shall be present in Person, or by their respective Attornies or Agents, appointed by Writing under the Hands of such Owners and Proprietors respectively, at a Meeting to be held fdr that Purpose in the said Parish of Shipdham, within Forty Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, (of which Meeting, Notice shall be given by the surviving or remaining Com-nritiioners, or either of them, or by Two or more of such Owners, and Proprietors, or their respective Attornies, or Agents appointed as aforesaid, by affixing such Notice on forne Sunday, on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Shipdbam, and also causing the same to be inserted in one or more of the Newspapers herein-after mentioned, or in forne other Newspaper then printed or circulated in the said County, Ten Days at lead before such Meeting I by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being interested in the Premises, and not being the Attorney or Agent of any Person interested therein) to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of the Commissioner so dying, or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; but if the said Owners and Proprietors, shall neglect to make such Appointment in the Manner, and within the Time herein-before limited and prescribed for that Purpose as aforesaid; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the remaining or surviving Commissioners or Commissioner, and they or he are and is hereby required, within Sixty Days next after their or his Knowledge of such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to appoint any other Person or Persons (not being interested in the Premises, and not being the Attorney or Agent of any Person or Persons interested therein) to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dying or refusing to act, or becoming incapable cf acting as aforesaid; and every Person so to be appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid,

shall take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation prescribed in the said recited Act. and shall thereupon have such and the like Powers and Authorities in all Respects, for putting this and the said recited Act into Execution, as if he had been named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners Allowance to herein-before named, and to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be allowed Commission* and paid the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, and no more, ers-

for every Day each of the said Commissioners shall attend and be employed at any Meeting or Meetings to be held by them in pursuance and Execudon of this and the said recited Act, or in going to or returning from such Meeting or Meetings respectively, which said Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings per Diem, shall include and be in Satisfaction of and for all Charges and Expences whatsoever, incurred in going to, attending at, and returning from such Meeting or Meetings respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and Notice of they are hereby required to cause Notice of the 1 itne and Place of their Commission-first and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inserted 'rsJlIeclinB£-

in

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2* Cap. 66.

in The Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mernry, or in some other Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Norfolk Eight Days at least before every such Meeting, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and if only one of the said Commissioners shall be present at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, then and in such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner to adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place, within the said Parish of Shipdham, or within Eight Miles thereof, as he shall think most convenient, giving Notice of such Adjournment to the absent Commissioners.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all ether Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act, shall be so given by Advertis'e-ment, to be inserted in the said Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Norfolk.

For shorten-

VI. And whereas it may shorten the Boundary Fences between the F<fn«sUadary LandS

in the said Parish of Shipdham, and the Lands in any adjoining Parish gr Paiiffies, if the said Commissioners were empowered to cause such Fences to be raised ill such Direction as they shall deem most proper and convenient for shortening and making the same regular; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors, and of the Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners, in any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the said Parish of Shipdham (such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Rates or Assessments made for such Parish or Parishes respectively or under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of the Lands upon which such Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made), to set out, asceriain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be so set out, ascertained, and determined, the same shall be inclosed and fenced by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of Shipdham, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary nut-withstanding.

Kelpcfting

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which, at any Kacroack- Time within Thirty Years now last part, have been made upon the said mans. Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed

Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly, (save and except in such Cases only where Encroachments or Inclosures have been made upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds with the Consent of the Lords or Ladies of any or either of the said Manors, and entered in the Court Books, or upon the Rolls of the said Manors, or any or either of them); and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching any

1136

Other Notices how to be given.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. CapM*

>*37

fuc"h Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute or Difference shall be determined by the said Commissioners.

Viir. Provided always,- and be it era tied. That the Lands and Grounds Encroach-comprised in such Enctoachments shall be allotted to the Person or n'.ents ,to be Persons who shall be in PosseiTion thereof, in cai'e such Person or Persons *he Person* fhffl be entitled to ar.y Allotment by virtue of this Act, without Regard ;n possession. to the Value of such Improvements as shall or may have been made thereon fir.ee fu ’h Encroachments were made, in case the Person or Persons fc in Pcffiiffion, shall desire the same to be so allotted, and shall signify such Detire by Writing, Signed by him, her, or them, to be delivered to the said Commissioners, at their First or Second Meeting to be holder in pursuance of this and the said recited Act; and the Value of Rich Encroachments snail be dedubled from the Allotments to which such Person or Persons shall be entitled under this Act, unless it shall happen that the Value of such Encroachments respectively (Quantity and Quality considered) shall be greater than the Allotment or Allotments to which such Person or Persons shall be entitled by virtue of this and the said recited Act; and in that Cafe a proportionable Part only of such Encroachments shall be deduSed therefrom, and the Residue thereof shall be sold by the said Commissioners; and if the Person or Persons in Possession of such Encroachments shall not be entitled to any Allotment under or by virtue of this and the said recited A cl, then the whole of such Encroachments shall be sold by the said Commissioners, and conveyed determined by them in Fee Simple to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and the Money arising from such Sale or Sales, shall be applied towards defraying the Expenses of obtaining and executing this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall Commission. arise between any of the Parties imeretied, or claiming to be interested c,! to fcU'e in the said intended Divition and Allotments, touching or concerning the L)l!Pute3* respective Rights and Imerelts which they, or any of them, shall claim to

have in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or concerning any Timber, Wood, Underwood, Bushes,

Thorns, Whins, or Furze growing thereon, or concerning any Allowance claimed, or to be claimed, for plowing, sowing Turnips or Corn, laying down with Grass Seeds, manuring or improving the said intermixed Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided al- But not to ways, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorise the said Com- determine missioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tltlcs-Tenements, Tithes, or other Hereditaments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Commission-shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, ers may afiefs Objection or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or Costs<

the recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and em-powe J ‘ plication made to them for that Purpose, to settle,

assess.

n'3S

Parlies may try their I’ ighis at JLavv.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they dial) think reasonable> to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners dial) be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled, or against whom the said Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refuting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus, (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

y I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested, or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be distatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of, or for any Rights of Soil, Sheepwalk, or Common, or other Commonable Rights or Interests in, over, upon, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, or concerning any Objection or Objections made to such Claim or Claims, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so distatisfied, to have the Matter of any ruch Claim or Objection tried at Law. at the next, or at the Second Assizes to be holden for the County of Norfolk, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be distatisfied with such Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Act>ion or Actions to be brought against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within 't hree Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required, forthwith to name an Attorney or Attornies, and to appear or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Declaration or Declarations, and plead or proceed to Iifue thereon, whereby such Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, and the Rights or Interests thereby infilled upon, maybe tried and determined at the First or Second Assizes to be held for the said County of Norfolk, next after the making of such Determination, (such Blue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame), and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Bcdv or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate,

unless

JI39

47° GEORGII III. Se/T. 2. Cap. 66.

tmless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall let alkie f’uch Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do,- as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set alkie determined by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Determinations of the said Commissioners as shall have been so made as afore- J^jfionen'to said, with respect to such Cl unis or Objections, and concerning which be final if no such Action at Law shall be brought or commenced, and proceeded no Action in within the Time aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon brought, all Persons whomsoever; any Thing in the said recited Act, or in this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Iflarties die Parties in any such Action to be commenced by virtue or in pursuance Proceedings of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by notloabate. reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event h^d happened.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may pOWer to set be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out and appoint any Publick out new Carriage Roads or Highways, and Footpaths, upon, through, and over ^oa<|*0Tcr any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of [u'r' ‘J 1 nc Shipdham, in order to render such Roads and Footpaths more commodious to the Publick, (making Compensation to the Owners of the Lands and Grounds over which such Carriage Roads and Footpaths shall be set out and appointed as aforesaid), and to flop up and discontinue any of the present Carriage Roads, Highways, or Footpaths, in, over, and through any of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Shipdham, and to allot the Ground and Soil of such present Carriage Roads,

Highways, or Footpaths, to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall front or adjoin thereto, and to deduct the Value thereof out of the Allotments to which such Person or Persons shall be entitled under or by virtue of this Act, if such Person or Persons shall desire the fame, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful for the said Coiinnissioners to fell, dispose of, and allot such Ground and Soil to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, first offering the same to Sale to the Person or Persons w hose Lands shall front or adjoin thereto; and such new Roads and Highways shall be made of the fame Width, and shall be first formed and made, and afterwards maintained and kept in Repair in the same Manner, and the Expence thereof defrayed by the fame Ways and Means, and under the fame Notice, and inferred in the fame Map, and shall be made with the Concurrence of Two Justices of the Peace, and subject to the fame Power of Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, by any Person or Persons who shall think himself, herlelf, or themselves to be aggrieved thereby, and under the fame R eltrictions in all Respects as are prescribed in and by the said recited Act, with respect to the Carriage Roads thereby directed to be set

out

114-0

But not over

Gardens, Home (leads, or Home Closes.

Old Roads to be continued till ueiv Roads are made.

Allotments

for Stone and Gravel Pits and for Watering Places.

Allotments to T,ords of Manors for Right of Soil.

Allotments for the Poor at Shipdham.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

out and made, in over, and though the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by the said Commissioners, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to set out or appoint any new Roads, Highways, or Footpaths, in, over, or through any Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, or old Inclosures immediately adjoining to any Dwelling House within the said Parish of Shipdham, without the previous Consent in Wridng of the Owners and Proprietors thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That none of the present Publick Highways or Roads, within the said Parish of Shipdham, shall be shut up or discontinued, until the Roads intended to be and remain Publick Highways within the same Parish, shall be set out and properly formed and made safe and convenient for the Passage of Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, ii they think fit, assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of {he Highways, within the said Parish of Shipdham, and to their rei'pec-tive Successors for ever, such Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted (not exceeding Eight Acres in the Whole), as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be proper and necessary, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for publick Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, and Chalk Pits; and the same shall be inciofett and fenced in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; and such Allotment and Allotments, when set out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, and their Tenants for the Time being, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways of and within the said Parish for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall order, direct, and appoint, and not otherwise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to assign, set out, and allot unto the Lords or Ladies of the several Manors hereinbefore mentioned, and to the Lords or Ladies of any other Manor or Manors, or to such of them as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Shipdham, so much and such Parts of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One Twentieth Part thereof as a Compensation, and in full Satisfaction of and for the Right of such Lords and Ladies respectively, of, in, and to the Soil of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, according and in Proportion to their several Parts, Shaies, Rights, and Interests therein.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the

6 said

1141

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

laid Manor of Shipdham, and of the several other Manors herein-before mentioned; and to the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the same Parish for the Time being, and to their respective Successors for ever, either together, or in Two or more separate Allotments, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Shipdham, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgement ct the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value per Annum, to the annual Average Value of One hundred Acres of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and the said Commissioners shall cause the said Allotment or Allotments to be inclosed and fenced in such Manner as they shall think proper; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be for ever freed, exonerated, and discharged of and from the Payment of all and all Manner of Tythes, both great and small, to the Rector of the said Parish of Shipdham, and his Successors, or to any other Person or Persons whomsoever; and the said Allotment or Allotments when set out, shall be vested in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said several Manors, and the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish or Shipdham, and their Successors for the Time being, for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Shipdham, and they, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, duly executed in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to lease or demise the Whole, or any Part or Parts of such Allotment or Allotments to any Person or Persons whoml'oever, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to commence in Possession and not in Reversion, or by way of future Interest, so as the First Lease or Leases to be thereof granted, shall be made to commence within Two Years nex: after the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, and so as in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the said lall mendened Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens and Overseers, for the Time being, the bell and mod improved yearly Rent or Rents which can be reasonably had or obtained for the fame, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in Consideration of granting any such Lease or Leases, and so as the Lessee or Lefftes in any such Leal'e or Leases, be not thereby made difpunishable for Walle, and so as the Rent or Rents to be reserved by such Lease or Leases, be thereby made payable to the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of the said Parish of Shipdham, for the Time being, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in the Year, and so as in every' such Lease there be contained proper and fair Covenants on the Part of the Lessee, for the Usage and Management of the Land thereby demised, and for leaving the fame in a proper State and Condition, at the Expiration of every such Lease, together with other usual Covenants and Stipulations between the Lcffor and Lessee, and so as in every such Lease there be contained a Power of Re-entry ror Non-performance of the Covenants therein contained, and for Non-payment of the Rent thereby referred, within a reasonable Time to be therein limited, after the same shall happen, or become due, and so as the Lessee or Lessees in such Leases do execute and deliver Counterparts of such Lease or Leases; and the clear Rents and Profits of the fame Allotment or Allotments shall, from Time to Time be laid out in purchasing Fuel to be distributed among [_Lec. Hjf Per."] 13 K all

XI 4-2

Lords of Manors and Rectors may aCi by Proxy.

Allotment of the Camping Ground-

Allotment of the Residue.

-47° GEORGII III. Seff, 2, Cap. 66.

all or any and such of the Poor Inhabitants of the said PariiTi of Shtpdbam, who belong to, and shall be legally settled therein, and shall not respectively occupy Lands or Tenements within the same Parish of more than the yearly Value of Five Pounds in such Proportions and Quantities, in such Manner, at such Times, in every Year, and according to such Rules and Regulations, as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time prescribe and appoint, and not otherwise; and in case the Whole of such Allotment or Allotments shall not be leased and demised as aforesaid, then the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Part or Parts thereof, as shall not from Time to Time be so leased or demised as aforesaid, to be set apart for the cutting of Flags, Turves or Turf, or to be inclosed, ditched, and fenced, and ploughed, and sown with Whin and Furze Seeds, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, order and direct, and the Flag, Turves or Turf, and Whins or Furze, coming and arising upon and from such last mentioned Lands, shall be cur, taken, and used by such Poor Inhabitants, legally settled in the said Parish of Shipdham, in such Quantities, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, in each and every Year, and under such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the said Trustees far the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, and not otherwise.

XX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Lords or Ladies of the said several Manors, and the Rector of the said Rectory and Parish Church of Shij>dbam, for the Time being respectively, to act in the Execution of the Trulls hereby reposed in them as aforesaid, by his, her, or their Agents or Proxies respectively, such Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writing, under the respective Hands of the Lords or Ladies of the said several Manors, and the Rector of the said Parish of Shipdham, and producing his or their Appointment or Appointments at the Time of his or their acting by virtue thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ajlign, set out and allot unto the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Shipdham, and their Successors for the Time being, a certain Parcel of Open and Waite Ground, within the said Parish, containing about One Acre, be the fame more or less, called The Camping Ground, with a small House or Cottage thereon built in Trull and to the Intent that the fame may remain and continue open and uninclosed in its present State, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the same Parish for ever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That after the said several Allotments shall have been made and set out in Manner herein-before directed, the said Commissioners shall divide, set out, and allot, all the Residue and Remainder of the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Shipdham, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Rights of Common of Pallure, or other Commonable Rights, or Interests, into, over, or upon the said Commons. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions as the said

Com-

I143

470' GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

Comroiifioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionable to the Value of, and a full Compensation and Satisfaction to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Rights and Interests therein (save and except as to the said Right of Soil, for which Compensation is herein-before directed to be made), provided that in making such Allotments respectively, all and every Right and Rights of Common of Pasture, belonging to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, used and exercised upon any Part or Parts only of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Sh'ipdham, is and are admitted, and shall be deemed, taken, and considered by the said Commissioners to extend into, over, and upon, the Whole and every Part and Parte of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and that all the old inclosed and intermixed Arable, Meadow, and Pall tire Lands, and also all and every Messuages and Cottages within the said Parish of Sh 'ipdham, which have been erected and built for the S, ace of Forty Years last pad, and also all other Messuages and Cottages within the same Parish, which have been erected and built within the Space of Forty Years lad pad, upon the Scites of any antient dilapidated Messuages or Cottages within the said Parish of Sh'ipdham, are and is admitted, and shall be deemed and considered by the said Commissionero to have Rights of Common in, over, and upon the said Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where Trees and

are Trees, not being Timber Trees, Bullies, or Thorns, have been plant-

planted or set upon the faiii Commons aial Waste Grounds, contiguous to

or near to any Dwelling H mfes, within the said Parish of Sh'ipdham, be- belong iQ longing to any Person or Persons by whom, or by whose Predecessors the Owners of fame were so planted or set, and by whom, or by whose Tenants, such ®ib°>mng Trees, Bullies, or Thorns have been usually lopped, topped, pruned, or Hou cs' cut, the fame Trees, Bufnes, and Thorns shall be deemed and taken to

belong to the Owner or Owners of such Dwelling Houses respectively, and shall and may, if such Owners delire the fame, be dubbed up, cut, taken, and carried away, by such Owner or Owners respectively, or such Owner or Owners may fed the fame within such Time or Times, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands allow, direct, and appoint, and not otherwise.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar if any Person If any Person (except the said Rector in respect of the said Rectory), hath fold or con- Mb his Coin-traded, or agreed to fell, or diall at any Time before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the n,crni$tobe said recited Act, fell or conirad, or agree to fell, his or her Right, In- made to the terell, and Property, into, over, or upon the said Commons, Common- Puwbafer. able Lands, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof to any other Person, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Notice of such Contract, Sale, or Agreement, to make an Allotment of Land, unto the Vendee or Purchaser, in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold ' or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee

or

114.4

For allotting

intermixed

Lands.

For allowing Exchanges to be made.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from and afte the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contra £t, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XXV. And whereas some Parts of the Arable and Pasture Lands within the said Parish of Shipdbam, comprised in certain Fields, called North Field, Mill Field, Little Field, Low Field, Three Acre Field, and Silver Field, he intermixed, and are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof; be it therefore enacted, that the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to allign, set out, and allot the said intermixed Lands, or any other Lands within the said Parish of Shipdbam, of equal Value in lieu thereof, unto and among ft the several Owners and Proprietors of the said intermixed Lands, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be equivalent to, and a full Compensation for their several Parts and Shares of the said intermixed Lands comprized within the before-mentioned Fields.

XXVI. And whereas some other Parts of the Arable, Meadow, and Palture Lands, within the said Parish of Shipdbam, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to assign, set out, allot, and award any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish of Shipd-ham, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish of Shipdbam, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability; or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself (such Consent to be testified in Writing under the common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively) and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

ti45

47° GEORGII lit. ?eiT. ~. Cap. 66.

meat?, held in Right of any Church. Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent Jellified as aforelEd, of the Lord Bishop of the DIocefe, and the Pair on of the Living in which such Lands, Ten* ments, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall befituate: Provided also, that all Colts, Charges, and Expences, attending the making oi any such Exchanges, shall be borne and paid by the f veral Persons making such Exchanges, in such Manner and in such Proportion as the said Comrrulhoners shall, by their said Award, order and aired.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments For fencing heretofore directed to be made for the Lenefit of the Poor of the said i1k Rector’s Pariiii of Shipdbam, and also any Allotment or Allotments of any Part or Parts of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which maybe made by virtue of this or the said recited Act, to the said Rector, or his Successor for the Time being, for or in respect of any Messuages or Glebe Land- belonging to the said Rectory and Parish Church of Shipdbam, shall be inclosed and fenced on the Outside thereof, with such Ditches. Hedges, Mounds, or other Fences, as the said Commissioners shall direct, and the Expence thereof shall be raised and paid in the fame banner as the Expences of obtaining, passing, and executing this Ad are herein-after directed to be raised and paid; and such Ditches, Hedges, Mounds, and Fences, when made, mall for ever thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair by the said Kedor, and his Successors, and by the said Trustees and their Successors reflectively, or by such other Person or Persons, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their laid Award, direct and appoint; and that all the other Allotments to be made of the said intermixed Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be inclosed and fenced with proper Ditches, Hedges, Mounds, and other Fences, to be made, and at all Times thereafter to be maintained and kept in Repair, by and at the Charge and Expence of the several Persons to or for whom the fame shall-be allotted, and his, her, or their respective Heirs, Successors, Alligns, or Tenants, within such Time or Times, in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award, or by any Writing or Writings signed by them previously to the Execution of their said Award, order, direct, and appoint.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That Annual Pay-

after the said Commissioners shall have ftt out the said Allotment or ments for Allotments for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish of Shipdbam of*

as aforesaid, and before the Execution of their Award, they shall difiin- Tithes of the guish and divide all the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Commons. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, as fairly and.equitably as may

be, according to the Quality thereof, into Two fqaarate Divisions or ClalEs, to be denominated respectively the First Class and the Second Class, and shall afeerrain and defence the fame accordingly in their said Award; and it shall and may be lawful to and far the said Charles Lucas Edridge, and his Successors, Rectors of the Rectory and Parish Church of Shipdbam aforesaid, for and during the Space, of Seven Years, to commence and be computed upon and from ti e Old Michaelmas Day [Lee. (d Per.'] 13 L next

1146

To prevent Turves,&c. being cut without leave of the Commissioners.

47° GEORGII III. St.C. 2. Cap. 66.

next after the Execution of the said Award, to ask, demand, sue for, recover, and receive of and from the several Persons to whom the said Residue of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds 'shall be allotted, or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof for the Time being respectively, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings per Acre per Annum, and no more, for each and every Acre of the said Com* inons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which shall be contained and included in the said First Cats, and at and after the Rate of One Shilling per Acre per Annum, and no more, for each and every Acre of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which shall be contained and included in the said Second Class, and To in Proportion after the said respective Rates for any greater or let's Quantity than an Acre; and such annual Payments of Two Shillings per Acre and One Shilling per Acre respectively, shall commence and be paid on the Old Michaelmas Day next but one after the Execution of the said Award, and shall be payable and continue to be paid at the End of each and every Year of the said Term of Seven Years; and such annual Payments of Two Shillings per Acre, per Annum, and One‘Shilling per Acre-per Annum respectively, shall be p id to, and reared and accepted by the said Reitor and his Successors, in lieu and in full Satisfaction of anil for all and all Manner of Tithes, both great and fundi, coming, arising, 'growing, or renewing, in, upon, or from the Residue of the Laid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in ShipdbcrM aforesaid, during the said Term of Seven Years, and no longer; and such annual Payments of Two Shillings and One Shilling per Acre per Annrn respectively, shall-and maybe recoverable and recovered in the same Manner, and by all such Ways ai d Means as any Tithes, Cotnpo-fition for Tithes, or Modus, may by Law be recovered; and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years, the said several annual Payments shall cease and determine, and from thenceforth the said Residue of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in S'tnpdham, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of Tithes in the same Manner as any other of the Tithcable Lands and Grounds in the said Parish are subject and liable to the Payment thereof.

XXIX. And be it further emitted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, from and after the passing of this Act, to cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Turves, Turf, Flag, Whins, or Furze in, upon, or from the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or from any Part thereof, v:thout the Licence and Consent of the said Commiftianers first had and obtained for that Purpose, (widch Licence the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant under such Regulations and Re-ftfictions as they shall think proper to insert therein); and if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Turves, Turf, Flag, Whins, or Furze, upon or from the said" Commons, Commonable Lands, or Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without such Licence an rf. re kid, or having obtained such Licence, shall act contrary thereto, the said Gumndflienert, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under thiir Hands and Seals, directed 6 . - to

47° GEORG 11 MI. SeiT 2. Cap. 66. IT4-7

to 3UW Person or Persons whoiftsoever to rauie any Sum of Money not exceeding 'Five Pounds to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Peflon or Peril'ns so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (dt any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, alter deducting the Calls and Charges attending lush Dtftrefe and Rale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid, flr.nl be applied towards Payment *of the Costs and Charges or obtaining this Act, and executing this and the said recited Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for For cxn'n-the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized at any Time or pji'^v or Times before the Execution of their Award, by Notice in Writing under their i Hands, to be affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church of common Shipd'xnn aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Rights of Common before the of Failure, or other Commonable Rights whatsoever, in, over, and upon Award, the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exerci e thereof to be suspended for and during such lime or Times as shalLbe expressed in such Notice, and such Rights shall be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be susperded accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notv.ithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Fences to be Lambs shall be kept in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of "ade "tlcre this Act, whereon any new Fence lh , H be raised, during the Space of jPpt'in the Seven Years next after the Execution of the 'laid Award, unless the new Inclo-Person or Persons so keeping the fame, shall first, at his, her, or their lure*, own Expence, make and maintain a Fence sufficient to guard the young Fences belonging to such Allotments from dicing hurt or damaged by such Sheep or Lambs; (whether such young Fences be made, planted, or set by the Owners or Occupiers of such Allotments as aforesaid, or by the Owners or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining the reto); and in case any Person or Persons shall turn or keep any Sheep or Lambs in any of inch Allotment or Allotments, without raising up and keeping such Fences as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments, when, where, and from Time to Time, and so often as such Sheep or Lambs shall be so turned in or kept, to take, drive away, and impound the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds Allotments which shall be allotted by virtue of this or the said recited Act, to any to be of the Person or Persons for or in lieu, cr in respect of any Messuages, Build- j^e^Laids ings, Lands, or Tenements holden by Verge or Copy of Court Roll of ;n i;cll where-any Manor or Manors, or for or i: respect cf any Leasehold Messuages, of they are Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of any Rights of Common of allotted. Psfture, or Shackage, or other Rigi-s or Jmcrcf..*. appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Pren-.ircs, shall from and after the Execution of the said Award be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold, and shall be held as such by and\;r.ber the lame Tenure, and under such Rents, l-i-tes. Payments, and Services as the Copyhold or Leasehold Meffuajres, Tenements, or Lands rtfpcctively, in respect whereof

114-8 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

such Allotments shall be made, are now held; and that all and every Perl'on and Persons to whom such Copyhold Premises shall be allotted as . aforesaid, ill,ill, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the ibid Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of such Manor or Manors; ffave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively and such reasonable Fees to the said respective Stewards of the said Manors as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their said Award order and direct to be paid on such Admissions respectively); but in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Copyhold Premises shall be allotted as aforesaid, shall not have been admitted to the Copyhold Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, or shall happen to die before such Time as he, she, or they shall have been duly admitted to the Premises allotted in lieu of such Copyhold Lands or Tenements, then the customary Fines and other Payments shall be due and payable upon the Admission of the . Person or Persons entitled to such Lands so allotted as 1 aft aforesaid; and after every such first Admission, the Copyhold Premises so to be allotted as last aforesaid, shall at, all Times afterwards be held under, and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, Payments, and Services as the Copyhold Lands or Tenements , in respect whereof such Premises were allotted, are now held under and subject to y and the said Commissioners shall, by their said Award, determine, describe, and abut the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Tenements which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold, and all other Messuages, buildings, Lands, and Tenements within the said Parish of Shif dljam, (except what shall be so ascertained by the said Coin-missioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) shall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Lands and Tenements, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents, Payments, and Services as are now payable out of, or for the respective Messuages, Lands, or Tenements in respect whereof the same shall be allotted as aforesaid.

Al’otments of XX XI If. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That Commons all such Part and Parts of the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste

from Fmos Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, as shall be allotted to any

for Seven Person or Persons for or in respect, or in lieu of any Copyhold Messuages,

Vciir;. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be freed and discharged of

and from the Payment of 3ny Fine or Fines to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors whereof the same are held, upon any Admission or Admissions which may be had thereto, within the Sp ce of Seven Years next after the passing of this Act; and that from and after the Expiration of the said Term or Stven Years, all such Part and Parts of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, as shall be so allotted for or in respect, or in lieu cf such Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fly. 11 be Held by and under the fame Rents and Services, and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of Fines on Admissions (hereto and otherwise, in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and He-Kd laments, for or in respect, or in lieu whereof the same shall be allotted, are now held under* or are liable and subject to the Payment of.

+7° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. (>v. 1149

XXXIV. Provided always, and is hereby enacted and declared, Thar r.nC. 3t nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or taken to ex- R.«ck ll«"t tend, to vacate, annul, or make void any Lense or Leases, or any Agree- , Ul '<,i5 v‘";1 ment or Agreements for any Lense or Leases at Rack or extended Rent or Rents, for any Terms or Number of Years now frtbfffting upon, or

affecting any of the Farms, Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements within the said Parish of Shipdham; but that the same shall remain in full Force, for and during the Term and Terms of Years thereby granted, or therein expressed; and the Lcffee or Lcffees, Tenant Allotments or Tenants thereof, shall accept, and take all such Part and Parts of the to m;'c*c said intermixed Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as shall be set out or allotted to the Landlords or Owners of a, additional such Farms, Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements respectively, Reau for or in lieu, or in respect of, and in Satisfaction for the intermixed or other Lands, or for the Commonable Rights and Interests appurtenant, appendant, or in any wise belonging to such Farms, Messuages, Cottages,

Lands, and Tenements respectively, for and during all the Residue of such Term and Terms of Years as are granted by, or expressed in such Leases or Agreements respectively, subject to the fame Covenants, Stipulations,

Conditions, Provisoes, and Agreements, as are contained in such Leases or Agreements respectively, or to such further or other Covenants and Stipulations as the said Commissioners in respect of such Allotments of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds shall, in and by their said Award order, direct, and appoint; and in consideration th- ' "of, the said Lessees or Tenants respectively, and their respective Ex-ee Administrators, and Assigns, shall pay to such Lcffors or Land-lc and their respective Heirs, Suoceifors, and Assigns, who shall from T. to Time be entitled to the fame, under or by virtue of such Leases ot Agreements, for and during the Residue and Remainder of such Terms of Years respectively, such further Sum and Sums of Money, determined by way of Addition to, and Incresfe of the annual Rents referred by such Leases or Agreements respectively,1 as the said Commissioners shall consider and adjudge to be reasonable in that Behalf, and shall in and by their said Award, order and direct to be paid; and liich additional or increased Rents shall be oaid at the same Place, at the fame Times, and in the same Manner and Proportions, and shall be recoverable by the fame Ways and Means as the original Rents payable under and by virtue of the said Leases or Agreements reflectively is and are thereby referred and made payable, and as the fame is or are by Law recoverable.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Pro- Separate Al-prietors of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the said Parish of lotmenis to Shipdham, shall hold their respective Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, by different Tenures, or for different Estates, or in different Rights, or un(^r dfffrr-under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall, upon the Request of cut Tides, such respective Proprietors in Writing under their Hands, afeenain and distinguish the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements held by each of such Tenures, for each of such Estates, and under each of such Rights or Tides respectively, and shall accordingly in their said Award assign and set out distinct and several Allotments of the said Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, for such respective Messuages, Lands, or Tenements; and in any Case where from want of necessary Information [Ler. iff Per.2 13 M before

1150

Direction for charging Copyhold Lands with Expences.

47° GEORGII III. SeflVs. Cap. 66.

before the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, they shall in their said Award omit to discriminate and distinguish such different Kights or Titles, different Eftutes and different Tenures, and after the making and executing such Award, request shall be made to the said Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Instrument, tiien and in every such Case, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do, and cause to be done, all such Acts, Matters, and Tilings as may he necessary and proper to be done for the Purpose of supplying such Omission or Omissions, and so far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses, and in every other respect to proceed and aft as if the said Award had not been made; and when the said Commissioners shall have obtained such Information as they shall deem to be sufficient for the Purpose, they are also hereby authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to ascertain and diffinguish the Difference of such Tenures, Effaces, Rights, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make di/finct and several Allotments, in the same Manner as is hereby required to be done where such Discrimination /hould be made in and by the said Award: and every such separate Deed or Instrument, duly executed by the said Commissioners, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if it were contained in the said Award, and shall be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request the same shall have been made and executed, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in Question shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, most properly belong for the Time being; and all the Charges and Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in and about such Discrimination and Distinguishment, and also in the preparing and executing any such supplemental Deed or Instrument, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons who shall request the said Commissioners to make and execute the fame, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; and in Case such Charges and Expences shall not be so paid upon Demand made thereof, the fame shall and may be recovered and levied in tke same Manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, as the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be levied and recovered.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall be necessary to charge any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, within the said Parish of Shipdham, or in any adjoining Parish or Parishes which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and which shall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Cells, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of executing this and the said recited Act, then and in such Case the said Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her, or their Heirs or Aisigns, according to the Custom of the Manor or Manors whereof the same shall be holden by Way of Mortgage, for securing such Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the fame, instead of being mortgaged and demised to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for a Term of Years as mentioned and preferred in and by the said recited Act-

47° G E ORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

XXXVII. And whereas the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the f.iid Manors, oroffome other Manor or Manors within the Parish of Shipdbam aforesaid, may be willing to manumife and enfranchise Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the said Parish of Shipdbam, held of the said Manors respectively by Copy of Court Roll, and also to release and extinguiffi all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Customs, and Services which are or shall be due and payable to them respectively, out of and for, or in respect of such Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and all Rents and Reliefs which are or shall be due and payable to them respectively, out of and for, or in respect of any Freehold Hereditaments, within the said Purifli of Shipdbam, on receiving an adequate Satisfaction and Compensation for the fame; and the several Owners and Proprietors of such Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments may be delirous of procuring such Manumission and Enfranchis'ement, Release and Extinguithment; be it therefore enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any such Manor or Manors respectively, and also with the Consent in Writing of the Freehold or Copyhold Tenants thereof respectively, or any of them, to assign, set out, and allot unto such Lord or Lords, Lady cr Ladies respectively, such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the said Parish of Shipdbam, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent, Satisfaction, and Compensation to such Lords or Ladies respectively, for all Fines, Heriots, C hief Rents, Ouit Rents, Reliefs, Customs, and Services, which are or shall be due and payable to them respectively, out of and for, and in respect of any such Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments, which shall by any such Consent in Writing as aforesaid, be agreed to be released and extinguished, and all such Copyhold Hereditaments shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be held and enjoyed by the Person and Persons entitled thereto, freed and discharged of and from all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Ouit Rents, Customs, and Services whatsoever now due and payable as aforesaid, and shall pais by Deed or Will, and be descendible as Freehold EHates of Inheritance; and every such Enfranchis'ement of Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, and every such Release and Extinguish-ment of any Rents or Reliefs issuing out of any such Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, shall be mentioned and described in the said Award: Provided always, that the Lands which shall be assigned, set out, and allotted to the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors as last aforesaid, shall Hand limited and settled, and shall be vested in and be held and enjoyed by him, her, or diem respectively in such Manner, and to, for, and upon such Estates, Uses, Traits, Intents, and Purposes, as the fame Manors respectively shall be held and enjoyed by him, her, or them respectively, at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords or Ladies of any of the said Manor or Manors, or any other Manor or Manors within the said Parish of Shipdbam, at any Time or Times before the Execution of the said Award, in Consideration of a competent Sum or Sums of Money, to contract and agree with all or any of the Proprietors or Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish of Shipdbam, and

held

"5*

Power to enfranchise Copyhold*. with the Consent of the Lords ?nd Tenants, for Lands of equal Value.

Power to enfranchise Copyholds for an Equivalent In Money.

115 - 4/ GEORGII III. ScU.<a, Cap. 66.

held of such Manors, or any of them, by Verge or Copy of Court Roll or otherwise, for the abfojute and perpetual hiifrapchilunent of such Messuages, Lands, or Tenement's, from the Copyhold or Customary Tenure whereby the same are Ikld, and for the absolute Purchase, Redemption, and Discharge of the annual or other Quit Rents or Fee Farm, or Free, or other Rents, Ileriots, Fines, and other Services issuing out of, and due and payable fer and in respect thereof, to such Lords or Ladies respectively; and such Agreements being reduced into Writing, and signed and sealed by such Lords or Ladies, and by such Owners and Proprietors respectively, making and entering into such Comrads or Agreements, and being iu due Time certified and delivered to, and approved by the said Commissioners, shall be inserted in their Award, at the Expence of the Person or Persons defiling the same to be so inserted (such Expence to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, and paid to them, or to such Person as they shall direct, and within such Time, and at such Place, and in such Manner as they shall appoint) and such Contracts or Agreements being so made, signed, and feaied, and inserted in the said Award, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Persons concerned, for the Purposes thereby intended; and from and after the Execution of the said Award, the several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, described and specified in such Contracts and Agreements as shall be so made and inserted in the said Award as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth, for ever thereafter, be, continue, and remain enfranchised, and shall be exonerated, freed, released, and discharged of and from the Copyhold or Customary-hold, or other Tenure, whereby the fame had been previously held, and of and from all Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Free or other Rents, and of and froinl all Heriots, Fines, and other Services issuing and payable out of, or for or in respect of such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, which shall be specified or mentioned in such Contracts and Agreements, and which were thereby meant and intended to be released, discharged, and extinguished, and such Mdfuagts, Lands, and Tenements, shall pass by Deed or Will, and be descendible as Freehold Estates of Inheritance.

Pirefting the

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in mf'-llo v Cases where the Contract or Agreement for such Enfranchisement, Repaid for furl/ lease, Discharge, and Extinguishment shall be made by any Lord or Lords Knfranchik- Lady or Ladies of such Manors respectively who shall be seized thereof or menu. entitled thereto, for Life or Lives, or in Fee Tail, general or special, or for any other Estate, or in any other Manner, than in Fee Simple in possession, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order and direct, that such Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this, and executing this and the said recited Act, as shall be payable by such Lords or Ladies respectively, shall be defrayed by and out of the Monies due and payable by virtue of, or under such Contracts or Agreements respectively, and the same shall be defrayed accordingly; and in all Cases where no such Order and Direction shall be made by the said Ccimmissioners, or where any Surplus of such Monies shall remain after such Order and Direction of the said Com, miiTioners shall be obeyed and performed, all such Monies or remaining Surplus of such Monies, shall be paid into the Bank of England, and otherwise laid out, invested, and disposed of, in the same Manner in all 8 Respects

ri53

47° GEORGII III. Sess. i. t'eifM.

Respects as is provided, directed, and prescribed in and by the said recited Act, with respect to any Monies to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of my Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Timber or Wood growing thereon, in such Cases where such Monies ought, according to the said recited Act, to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as in the said recited Act is mentioned and set forth, according to the true Intent and Meaning cf this and the said recited Act.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Owners or Proprietors of Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Pari fit of Shipdham, Hull be desirous that the fame or any Part thereof may be enfranchised, and cannot come to an Agreement with the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors whereof the same are held, as to the Price in Money, or Equivalent in Land, to be paid or given for such Enfranchisement, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon the Application of any such Owners or Proprietors respectively, or of the Husbands, Trustees, or Guardians, Committees or Attornies, of and for tiny such Owners and Proprietors being Femes Covert, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other Incapacity or Disability, at any Time before the Execution of their said Award, to declare any such Copyhold MftTuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements to be enfranchised, and the Tenures by which the same are holden, and the Fines, Heriots, and other Services incident thereto, to be discharged and extinguished; and to assign and award to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors, any Sum of Money', or' such Compensation, by Part of such Copyhold ‘Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, or by Part and out of any of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or by Part and out of ary other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such Owners or Proprietors in the Parish of Shipdham aforesaid, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be an Equivalent and Salisfaftvn for the Fines, Heriots, Payments, Burthens, and Se. vices to which such Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively shall have been subject or liable; and such Declaration being made, and such Sum of Money, or other Compensation in Land being paid or alligned in Exchange for such Copyhold Tenure, previous to the Execution of the said Award, and at such Time, and in such Manner as the said Coni-missioners shall direct, the said Commissioners shall cause the said Declaration to be inserted in their said Award, and thereupon the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in every such Declaration comprzed, and thereby expressed and intended to be enfranchised. Trail be held, possessed, and enjoyed determined by the Owners or Proprietors thereof paving or making such Compensation in Money or Land, as and of Freehold Tenure, discharged of the Tenure by Copy of Court Roll, and of all Fines, Rents, Services, and Duties incident to such Copyhold Tenure, to hold the same to such Owners and Proprietors respectively for such and the fame Use and Uses, and for such and the fame Elhte and Estates, and in such Manner as such Owners or Proprietors shall respectively have, or be seized or possessed of, and in the fame Copyhold Hereditaments, at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award: Provided always, that the Money so to be [Lee. 6? Per.'] 14 N received.

Power to Commifioners to tnfranch ife Copy-hold.

1154-

Wills and Settlements not to be a Hefted.

For Inrollment of Award.

4-7* GEORG! I III. Sc£a. Cap. 66.

received, or the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements so to be affgned for the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements as last aforesaid, shall be respectively paid, settled, assigned, and difpufed of in the same Manner, and to, for, and upon the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes as is or are in this Act prescribed, with respect to any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements to be assigned, set out, and allotted to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or any Monies to be paid for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Estates within the said Parish of Shipdbam: Provided also, that all the Ccffs, Charges, and Expences incident to, or occasioned by any such Enfranchisement of Copyhold Estates, shall be borne and paid by the Parties concerned or interested therein in such Proportions, Manner and Form, and at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissoners shall appoint; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced by the fame Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this, and executing this and the said recited Act can or may be recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will, Settlement, or Surrender, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Estate, Right, or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, Rent, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, within the said Parish of Shipdbam, or out of, upon, or affecting any other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements in any adjoining Pariff or Parishes, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this, or the said recited Act j but that each and every Owner and Proprietor shall Hand and be seized of his, her, and their said Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements respectively, and of the Allotment and Allotments made in right or in respect thereof, and also of such other Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements as shall be taken by him, her, or them in Exchange as aforesaid, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Deeds, Surrenders, Limitations, Remainders, Powers, and Provisoes, Charges, Debts, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, whereof such Owners and Proprietors were respectively seized or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which, or for or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XLII. And be it further enacted and declared, That within Six Calendar Months after the said Commissioners shall have made and executed their Award, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, they shall cause the same to be inrolled by or with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, to the end that Recourse may be had thereto, by any Person or Persons interested therein, for the Inspection and Perufai whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid, and a Copy of the said Award, or any Part thereof, signed by the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, certifying the same to be a true Copy, shall from Time to Time be made and delivered by the said Clerk of the Peace, or

i*55

47° GEORG! I III, Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

his Deputy, to nny Person requiring the fame, for which Copy no more shall be paid than Four-pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words; and the said Award, and each Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, signed as aforesaid, shall at all Times be admitted and allowed in all Courts whatsoever, as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, and after such Inrolment thereof, the said Award shall be delivered to the said George Marquis Town/henJ, or the Lord or Lady for the Time being, of the said Manor of Shipdbam, and the several Allotments, Partitions, Orders, Directions, Matters, and Things contained in the said Award, shall be, and are hereby declared to be binding, final, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons interested in the Premises, and all Rights of Common of Pasture, and all other Commonable Rights and Interests whatsoever, in, over, or upon all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Shipdbam, shall, from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished; and the fame Lapds and Grounds, shall for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed in severalty by the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when the fa!J Commissioners shall have made and compleated the Division, Allotments, an I Exchanges hereby, and by the said recited Act directed and authorised to be made, they shall cause a Map or Plan to be prepared and made on Vellum or Parchment, of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parish of Shipdbam, distinguishing the Freehold from the Copyhold Parts thereof respectively, with thy Name or Names of the several Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom and in what right, or irt what respeei such Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds shall respectively belong, together with the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, by Statute Measure, of such Lands and Grounds respectively, and such Map or Plan shall be signsd by the said Commissioners, and deposited in the Parish Chest in the Church of Shipdbam aforesaid, there to be preserved and kept, to the End that all and every Person and Persons interested in the Premises may from Time to Time, and at all reasonable Times, have Recourse thereto for the Purpose of inspefeing the fame, and taking Copies or Extracts of any Part thereof; and such Map so made and ligned by the said Commissioners, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, dcfcished, and expressed, in all Courts whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs and Charges incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of lur-veying, admeasuring, planning, and valuing the Messuages, Lancs, and Tenements, within the said Parish of Shipdbam, and of dividing and alloting the Lands and Grounds hereby, or by the said recited Act, authorized or directed to be divided and allotted, and of inclosing and fencing the Allotments which may be set out as publick Watering Places, and for Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, and Chalk Pits, and of forming and making the publics Roads and Ways which shall be set out and appointed to be Lilt formed and made in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this A St, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners.

Map to be

made and dipofited in Church Cheit at Shipdham.

For defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

1156

Proprietors end Agents to pay their own £x-pences.

Commissioners to lay their Accounts before justices in every Year.

Money advanced by Proprietors to be repaid with Interest.

47° GEORG! I *III. Sett i. Cap. 66.

and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissionofs, and their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Charges and Expences of the several Persons employed by them in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all other Expences of carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, shalt be borne and paid by the several Person and Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be n.ade by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in such Shares and Proportions, and within such Time, and at such Place, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their said Award, order, direct, and appoint, (save and except the said Trustees for the Poor and the said Reitor of the said Parish of Shtpdhamx for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in Right of the said Rectory; and also save and except the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Shipdbam for the Time bein'?, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which may be made to them as aforesaid); and in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodice Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, within the Time, and at the Flace, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, in Manner aforesaid, direct or appoint, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them ft-JI attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held for the Execution of the said recited Act, or of this Act.

few.: r<"

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every Year, during the Execution of this Act, (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make a just and true Account or Statement of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and such Account or Statement when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices stated in the Book ot Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners and no Charge or Item in such Account or Statement shall be binding upon the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Periorio interested in tht Lands and-Grounds hereby directed to be divided arid allotted, or any other person or Persons j shall advance and pay any Money in jjifeharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining this Act, or of executing this. Ad and the-said recited Act, the Money lo paid and Am. v advanced

1J57

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Gom« missioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done, or omitted to be done by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, or of the said recited Act, or by any Rule, Order, or Determination made by the said Commissioners previous to the Execution of the said Award* (other than and except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things which are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions or Clauses of the said recited Act, or of this Act, the Determinations, Orders, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are declared or directed to be final and conclusive) then, and in every such Case, he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned. Fourteen Days Notice, in Writing, of such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof; and the Justices (not intereded in the Premises) in their said General Quarter Session, are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Coils and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages, Cods, and Charges, which shall be so awarded, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Didrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without sufficient Foundation, then the said Justices may award such Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to the said Justices in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner as aforesaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or filtered of the Rector of the said Rectory of Shipdbam, or his Successors for the Time being, of, in, or to any Tithes, or Titheable Matters arising, growing, renewing, or coming out of, or from, or payable in respect of any Lands or Tenements within the said Parish of Shipdbam, or any other Parish or Place, Parishes or Places adjoining thereto; nor shall any Thing in this Act contained prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or filtered of any Person or Persons whiomsoever, to the Benefit of any Exemption from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, or to any Modus, Payment, or Composition, due or payable for, or in lieu of, or in respect of such Tithes or Titheable Matters as aforesaid; but that such Tithes and Titheatle Matters shall be payable and paid, and such Exemption or [Lee. Ss* Per A 13 0—P Exemptions,

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Session;.

Rights to Tithes or Modules not to be affected*

1158 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 66.

Exemptions, Modus or Modules, Payments, or Compositions (if any such there be) shall remain and continue at all Times hereafter in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act and the said recited Act had not been made and passed, (save and except only as to the said Allotments for the Poor, and as to the said several annual Payments to be made for the Term of Seven Years, in lieu of Tithes in Kind, for the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Manner herein-before prescribed); and in case any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Shipdham are exempted and discharged by Law from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, then such Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, as shall be assigned and set out for and in respect of such Lands and Grounds, shall be in like Manner freed, exempted, and discharged of and from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, and shall be subject and liable only to the fame Modus, Composition, or Payment, as was or were due and payable for the Lands and Grounds, in respect or in Right whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall be respectively made.

General L. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and

Saving. Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body and bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, (other than and except such as are meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by virtue of this Act), as they and every of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

Ji

ANNO QU ADR AGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

Cap 6 7.

An Act to amend Three A£is, of the Eighteenth, Thirty-ninth, and Forty-fourth Years of His present Mftjefiy, for erecting a Court-house for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster.

[8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for erecting a Build- i8G.j.e.7», ,c ing for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction " of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for holdins the Quarter SdTions of the Peace, and tranl'acting the other public " Bufinefsot the said City and Liberty, and for appropriating Part of the " Surpluses of the Orphans’ Fund towards defraying the Expence thereof And whereas an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend an Act made in the jgG.j. c.J*. " Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a " Building for holding the Courts and exercising the Jurisdiction of the " Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and traniafting the other public Business of the said City and Liberty And whereas an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend two Acts made in the Eighteenth and ^G.j.c 61. " Thirty- ninth Years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court-house [Lee. Per.] 13 /or

1166

Commis-f.ontrs may dispose of the Houses and Ground.

Sum to be expended in building Court-house.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 67.

" for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster, and " for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret *' street, Union-fteeet, and King street, in the Paid City, for the Use of the " Public And whereas the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts have, in pursuanre of the Directions therein contained, purchased the Site of Westminster Market, and certain Houses and Buildings thereon, and have proceeded to ered the said Court-house on part of the Site of the said Market; but the fame is not yet completed: And whereas, there are now (landing on other Parts of the Site of the said Market-place, several Houses in lease to Robert Alington Esquire and the Reverend Samuel Waring., in the Occupations of Robert Cuthbertfon and others, which are in a ruinous and dilapidated State, tind it is expedient thit such Houses, and the Grounds whereon they (land should be fold, and that the said Commissioners should be empowered to dispose of the fame accordingly And whereas by reason of the unavoidable Delay that has taken Place in erecting, and fitting up the said Court-House, and of the great Increase in the Price of building Materials, the Sum authorised to be raised for the Purchase of, and in building and fitting up the fame, with necessary Accommodations has been found inefficient for that Purpose; and it is therefore expedient, that the said Commissioners should be authorized to raise a further Sum of Money; and that the said Acts should be altered, and amended, and additional Powers given to the Commission-eVs appointed to execute the fame, Be it therefore enacted by the King’* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for thC Commissioners under the said recited Acts, or any Five of them, 2nd they are hereby authorized and empowered to fell, and convey to the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Forty-fixih Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for consoli-" dating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase *< of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near " to Westminster Hall, and the two Houses of Parliament," or to any Three of them as therein mentioned, or to any other Person or Persons, all the Houses and Buildings hereinbefore described, and in the Occupation of the said Robert Cuthbertfon, and others, and all the Ellate and Ir.terest of the said Commissioners therein, and in the Grounds whereon such Houses and Buildings (land, with the Yards and Appurtenances to the fame belonging, at such Price or Prices as the said Commissioners, under the said Acts for building the said Court-house, or any Five of them shall agree upon with the said Commissioners for executing the said Act, passed in the Fcrty-sixth Year aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and that the Money arising from the Sale of the said Ground, Houses, and Premises, shall, after deduding all the Colls, Charges, and Expences attending or anywise relating to such Sale, be paid to the Treasurer of the County Rates for the County of Middlefen, and be by him placed to the Credit of the said Rates.

11. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, to expend in the building of the said Court-house, and fitting up the fame, with necessary Accommodations, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Four thoul'and Pounds in addition to the Sum which the Commissioners

weie,

1167

47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 67.

were, by the said Acts of the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, empowered to raise and expend for the Purposes thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, and Di- Emending reftions contained in the Paid Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Powers °fthe His present Majesty, touching the railing, Payment and Security of the [ er A^'° Sum of Six thousand Pounds thereby authorized to be raised, shall extend to the additional Sum of Four thousand Pounds, to be raised by virtue of this Act, and be in full force and effect with respect to the said additional Sum, in like Manner, as if all the fame Powers, Provisions, and Directions were herein repeated and re-enacted.

IV. Andbeitfurther enacted, That after the Paid Sum of Four thousand Ccurt hnuf; Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, ws<., built,* shall be raised; and as soon as the said Court-house shall be built, fitted to he under up, and properly accommodated, pursuant to the Directions of the said D‘reii'on Acts of the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Drefent of Westmio- Majesty, and the Site of the said Market shall have been conveyed to the iter.

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, as directed by the said Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, all and every the Powers and Authorities given and created by the said recited Acts touching the Direction, Control, and Management of the said Court-House shall cease and determine; and the said Court-house, and the Apartments and Offices thereto belonging, and the Materials of which the (arue shall consist,

shall thenceforth be under the foie Direction and Management of the Justices of the Peace for the Time being, of the City and Liberty of Westminster.

V. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Court-house shall j0(i;ces of be built, fitted up, and accommodated as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for We drain Iter the Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, at any empowered Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said City and h,e a Liberty, or the major Part of them there prefenr, from Time to Time, to L^o-her*'* appoint a Ho u Tehee per, and such other Serv.anrs to reside in the Apart- Servants, to mcnis belonging to the said Court-house, as they shall think proper, and rf,<‘de 'a ‘from Time to Time, at their pieafuie, to remove any such Housekeeper, 'Pa:"?!nts or other Servanr, and appoint another in the Room of such of them as shall chVcourf.* die or be removed, and to allow to such Housekeeptr, and other Str- house. vai.ts, such Wages as they shall think proper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Court-house justices may shall be built, fitted up, and accommodated as aforesaid, it shall be law- let Cellar* fill for the said Justices at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden ""^Court-in and for the said City and Liberty, or the major Part of them there huule' present, from Time to Time to agree to let all or any of the Cellars

under the said Court-house, to any Person or Persons as Tenants at Will, or fir any Term of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, in Possession, at such Kent or Rents, and under and subject to such Conditions, Restrictions, and Agreements as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time by their Order to authorize, any Three or more of such Justices to grant Ltafcs of all or any of the Cellars aforesaid, and that all Leaks which shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of such Justices, to be named in any such Order, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

1168

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 67.

Court-house

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Cours. 10 be repair- heuse shall be built, fitted up, and accommodated as aforesaid, the fame UVu" ^rom Tier to Time, for ever after repaired, supporttd, and main-

tices. rained, and provided with proper and necessary Accommodations, by the

Order and Direction of the Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty, at any Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said City and Liberty, or of the major Part of them there present, and the Expence thereof, and all Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, payable for the said Court-house, and all Wages of Servants employed in and about the fame, shall be from Time to Time defrayed out of the Rent or Rents to be received for the said Cellars, and in cale such Rent or Rents shall not be sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, or the said Cellars shall not be let, then the Deficiency of such Rents, or the Whole of the said Expences, shall from Time to Time be made good, or defrayed by Order of the Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty in Session assembled, out of the Money arising horn the general County Rates and Assessments, which shall be laid, and assessed in, and upon the City of Westminster,'and County of Middlesex, by virtue of an Act of Puliament, mace in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more easy " assessing, collecting, and levying of County Rates."

Commission-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any ersiop.y Five of them, shall, out of the Funds now in their Hands, cr to be

Expences. received by them, under the said recited Acts, or this Act, in the first

place pay the Expences of applying for and passing this Act.

Limitation of

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-Actions. menced against any of the said Commissioners, or by or against any Person or Persons acting by or under their Order or Authority for any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act, such Action or Suit shall be broughtand commenced within Three calendar Months after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the General County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defend-

llfue. ants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give

this Act and the Special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or difeon-tinue such Action or Suit, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Culls, and have such Remedy for recovering such Colts as any other Defendant or Defendants have or hath for Colts in any Case of Law.

[Public Act.]

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sess. 2.

»* -

Cap. 68-

An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and Wzjltninster and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surry,

Kent, and EJ[ex; and for making better Provihon for the same.

[8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS the several Acts now in force and effect for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals brought by Sea into the Port of London, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and within such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as are situate within the Di(lance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, in the City of London, have been found inefficient to prevent the Commission of Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of such Coals: And whereas it would tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purposes intended by the said Acts, if the fame were repealed, and further and better Provisions made for those Purposes; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Part of A5t Majesty King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the djjize of Fuel, 7 Edw 6 as directs, That all Coals to be made and put to Sale in the Cities c*7* repealed. ‘ of London, Westminster, or in the Suburbs of the fame, after the last Day [Loc. Sif Per. J 13 R ‘of

1 i 70

-Not to revise 34 and 35 13en. 8. c. 3.

Part of Act 7 & 8 W. 3. c 36. repealed.

16 and 17 Cha. 1. c. 2.

t Will, and Mary, c. 7.

jMJ.j c.-o8. repealed.

47° GEORGi I 111. Scfl*.2. 6'^. 68.

‘ of September next coining, shall keep the AUize hereafter expressed, that

is to wit, That every Sack of Coals contain Four Bushels of good and ‘ clean Coals, upon Pain that every Marker and every Seller that shall ‘ make any such Coals, and put the same to sale, to forfeit for every Sack ‘ of Coals from henceforth put to sale lacking of the Assize aforesaid ‘ Three Shillings and Four-pence, and that this present Statute only, and

no other Statute of Assize of Coals, shall from henceforth hand in force

and take placeand so much thereof as directs, ‘ That from and after the First Day of May next coming, no Person or Persons shall buy any ‘ such Coals, but only such as will burn or consume the fame, or such ‘ Persons as shall sell the same again, by Retail, to such as shall burn or ‘ consume the fame for their own occupying, without Fraud or Covin,

or Wharfingers, or Bargemen, upon Pain to forfeit the Treble Value ‘ of all such Coals as shall be otherwise bought for any Lucre or Gain;

‘ and that no Person or Persons shall alter any Mark or Assize of any ' of the said Coals, marked or afiized according to this Statute, in Pain ‘ of like Forfeiture as is aforesaid shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to revive or to give any Force or Effect to an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, or directing. Of what Measure, Assize, and Scantling, Coals, Talwood, Faggots, and Billets, shall be, and the Forfeiture and Penalty of them that shall not perform the fame,' or any of the Provisions therein contained; but such last recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, shall continue repealed, in such and the like Manner as if this present Act had not been made, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, as declares, that an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, int'tuled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, (which Act was revived and continued by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, from the First Day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety, for the Space of Seven Tears, and from thence to the End of the First Session of Parliament then next following), shall be made perpetual, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That Three several Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament the fevered. Acts passed for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Weflmiiifter, and that Tart of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes f Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and such Part of the

vfouv f

47°' GEORGII III. Seflf.2. Cap. 6 8. 1171

the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; and another, made in the Thirty-fixch Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for father continuing and amending the fevered 36 G 3.0.61. Acts pa fed for preventing the Frauds and t.bufes committed in the Ad- reFca'e<h measurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part tif the Duchy of I.ancaller adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Sdint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Hol'oorn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; and the other made in rite Forty-fecor.d Year of the keigri of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating to 42G. 3. C. 89. the Admeasuremer.t of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and rcPea* Parts adjacent, and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Twe.,ty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid, and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be nuli and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that one other Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for i* G 3 c 56. continuing until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, repealed. and from thence to the End if the next Sef/son, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abufts in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Me afire, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Toner Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, shall be and the fame is hereby repeal d, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and also one other Act, made in the Forfy-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing of Frauds O 3. and Abuses in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several repealed. Parishes lying between the Parishes of Eghaii' and Rotherhithe, buth inciufrue, in the County of Surry, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Not to revive shall extend or be construed to extend so as to revive or to give any 26 G. 3 c. 14. Force or Effect to an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty,' intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement cf Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the fveral Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both innlufive, in the County of Sur: y; but such last recited Act, and all and every* the t lauses, Powers, Provisions,

Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be and continue repealed, in such and the like Manner as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That Two other Acts, the one made in 43 G. 3. the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act e- rc' for ejlabilshing a Free Market in the City of Londoner the Sale of Coals, and peJ e

for preventing Frauds and Impcflions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned,* and the other made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, ^Gy. c.S*. made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a Fret ttpcalwk Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for p> eventing 10 Frauds

1172

47° GEORGII' IIL Sell: 2. Cap. 68.

Frauds and Impositiom in the Vend and Delivery cf all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned; shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Coal Ex-

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Piece or Parcel ti^T/vested hi ^anc^> an^ t^le Buildings thereon erected, called The Coal Exchange, the Mayor, and Angular the Hereditaments and Appurtenances, which the &c ’ said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, have purchased or caused to be purchased, and have caused Possession to be taken thereof in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for the Purpose of holding a free, open, and public Market for the Sale of Coals brought into the Port of London, and for other the Purposes of this Act; and all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all and every other Person and Persons whosoever, are and is hereby declared to be and continue and shall be and continue indemnified for and in respectofall and every Verdict and Verdicts, Order or Orders, Contract or Contrails, and all and every Act or Acts which they or any of them shall or may have lawfully made, executed, or done, or caused to be made, executed, or done, under or by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, passed in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Bonds and

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Mortgages, Conveyances Assignments, Grants, Leases, Conveyances, and other Securities, made under AAt or granted to or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic,

to be4+ood 3 Corporate, or Collegiate, or any others whomsoever, acting by or under 0 e S the Authority of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for the several Purposes of this Act, as if the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, had not been repealed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Annuities granted by the Mayor, &c. to continue charged on the Duties to be collected by virtue of this Act.-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bond and Bonds, Note and Notes, and all and every other Security and Securities in Wriling, under the Common Seal of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, which shall have been delivered under or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to any Person or Persons, to secure the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money borrowed from, and advanced or contraCled to be advanced by any such Person or Persons to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be and continue in such and the like Force and Lffect, and such several Persons who shall have advanced, or shall in pursuance of any such Contract advance, any such Monies, shall, in respect of the Sums lo respectively advanced or to be advanced, be and continue entitled to such

Annuities’

1X73

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

Annuities at such Rates of Interest as shall have, in pursuance of such Acts or either of them, been made payable to any such Obligee or Obligees, as if such Acts tad not been repealed; and all such Annuities respectively shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be charged on all and every the Duty'or Duties on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, to be levied and collected by virtue of this Act, and shall be and continue to be paid and payable out of all and every such Duty or Duties until Redemption thereof by Payment of such Principal Sums.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Notice to be Aldermen, and Commons, shall give, or cause to be given. Six Calendar

Months Notice of their Intention to pay off any such Annuities which shall noitie*.* have been so granted under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of tile Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to the Person or Persons to whom the fame may respectively belong, at the End of which Six Calendar Months, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sums for which any such Annuity or Annuities may have been granted, to or for the Person or Persons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, in the Guildhall of the fame City, the Annuity and Annuities payable to such Person and Persons respectively shall cease and determine, nevertheless the Monies so tendered shall be paid to such Person or Persons upon his or their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such Bonds as shall have been paid or given to secure the Money to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, which belonged to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust,

Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or Trullee, or for or on Behalf of any infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments were limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any cither Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, and which shall have been deposited in the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, shall remain in the said Bank of England until such Bonds respectively shall be paid off by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons; and the Lid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall, and they are hereby required to pay off such Bonds respectively, in such Manner as if the Money secured by such Bonds reflectively had been borrowed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and until such Bonds respectively shall be paid off, the Interest thereof respectively shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court of Chancery to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased as aforesaid; and when and as soon as any such Bond or Bonds shall be paid off by the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, then and in such Calc the Money arising therefrom shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High

\JLoc. Ss* Per.} i J S Court

Application of Compen-faiion when amounting to 2COl.

1174

Application where the Compensation shall be lefts ’ban 200I. and exceed 20I.

47° GEORGII III. Scfl*. 2. Cap. 6 S.

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the said Mayor and Commonalty arid Citizens of the City of London, to the Intent that such Morey shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified upon an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court dial I authorize to be paid, alFedling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Appointment of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like L'fes, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the* mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or 1 hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, tire Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhai from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Money which shall arise from paying off any such Bond which shall have been so given and deposited for securing the Payment of any Purchase Money for any Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame fha 1, at the Option of the Person or Persons so# the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid ifito the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directied, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like' Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Mayor for the Time being, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money and Dividends arising therefrom may.be applied in any Manner herein-

H75

47° GEO'RGII III. &#.?. ftS.65.

before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without, obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of t!ie Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money, Application which shall arise from paying off any such Bend which shall have been 1 V_e given to secure any such Purchase Money, shall be less than Twenty tjian 2C|_ Pounds, then and in all such Cases the iante shall be applied to the Use ot

the Person or Persons who would, for the "l ime being, have been entitled to the Rents at.d Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, in such Manner as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be law- Court of ful to and for the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition or Petitions to Chancfr'^ be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way by the Person or Per- ^ond? tube fons who shall be entitled to the Principal Money secured by such Bonds given up. respectively, his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to direct such Bonds respectively to be delivered to such

Person or Persons, Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case ar.y Person or Persons I" c".fc Title* to whom arty Sum or Sums of Money shall have been awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue of the said Money to be recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, paid into the shall have refused to accept the fame, or shall not; have been able to make Bank cf a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Alder- England, men, and Commons, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been so awarded as aforesaid, could not be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments were or was not known or discovered, and in case the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall, in consequence thereof, and by virtue and in puvfuance of such Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, have ordered the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, then and in every such Case the said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, of any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividend: thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Tile or 1 liter eft. eff, the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, an i to make such othet Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable.

1176

In case of a Doubt upon the Title the Interest of the Money to be paid into the Bank shall be paid to the Pc.fun who was in PolTifiioti of the Premises when bought.

Court of Chancery may order Txprnce of Pucrhafes to be paid.

Entries under former Acts good.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to the Purchase Money secured by any such Bond given and deposited in the Batik of England, or to the Interest payable upon any such Bond, or to any Money paid into the said Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign ofllis present Majesty, or either of them, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of such Acts, or either of them, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Interest due upon any such Bond, and also any such Bond, or the Principal Sum due thereon, and the Dividends or Interest of any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money arising from the paying off of any such Bond or otherwise, p id into the said Bank, and atfo the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possessi >n, an-i that some other Person or Persons ivas or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, the Purchase Money for the fame, or the Bond for such Purchase Money, shall have been required to be paid into or deposited in the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, out of the Monies received by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, or to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money accordingly, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Book or Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings shall have been made by any Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-thiid and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of

11 them

"77

47° GEORGII III. ScfT.2. Cap. 68.

them (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books, according to the Directions of, and made Evidence by, such Two last-mentioned Acts, or One of them) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be and continue to Co»l Elbe at all Times hereafter, at or upon the said Coal Exchange and Heredi- jje^nopea taments, a free, open, and public Market, for the Sale of Coals brought Market! into the Pott of London.

XlXi And be it further declared and enacted, That such Market shall Market be and continue to be holden on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday Days, in the Week, in each and every Year, (Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fad Days by Proclamation, only excepted) from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Two of the Clock in the Afternoon in each and every Day; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to continue and retain the present Clerk or Clerks, and other Officer or Officers, to such Market, with such Salary or Salaries for his or their Trouble and Attendance there, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall seem jud: and reasonable, and from Time to Time Clerk and to remove or displace him or them, and to nominate and appoint other °®c'ri l° Clerk or Clerks, Officer or Officers, in his or their Stead. nominate

XX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of defraying Duty on the several Charges and Expences for establishing and holding such Coals, Cin-Market, and of the Purchase of the said Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments, called The Coal Exchange, and such other Lands, Tenements, U m' and Hereditaments, purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for erecting, maintaining, and supporting convenient Buildings thereon, and (ordefraying the Salaries and Allowances of the several Clerks and other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the other Charges and Expences of earn ing the fame into Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of and from each and every Master of a Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, Cinders, or Culm, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, arriving at her Moorings jvithin any Part of the Port of Lond'.n, at or to the Westward of Gravesend, the Sum of One Penny per Chaldron, (or Ton, in case the same shall be sold by Weight) and no more, for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Cinders, or Culm, contained in such Ship or other Vessel; and such Sum of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton of all such Coals, Cinders, and Culm, shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, and paid in such and the like Manner, and by, with, and under such Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, as any other Duty or Duties, or Imposition 01 Impositions, on Coals, now' payable to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, or to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, is cr are, or may be collected, levied, recovered, and paid respectively, and such Sum of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton, when so paid for any such [Lee. if Per.] 13 T Coals,

1178

Duty to be reduced whe.i more than fufluient for the Purpose* of this act.

Duty on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, charg* cd with the Annuities granted by the Acts 43 and 44 G.3.

What shall be deemed a Ton.

Mailers of Ships to give an Account of the C^ais in their bhips i

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 68.

Coals, shall be charged to the Purchaser of the Coals, bdides and in Addition to the Charges and Expences of the Mctage of such Coals.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Coifs, Charges, and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid and discharged by and out of the IVloney to be received by virtue of this Act, and when and as soon as such Coils, Charges, and Expences, and the Coils, Charges, and Expences of purchasing the fcve-ral Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for the said Marker, and of making any Buildings, Erections, and other Conveniences thereto, and the-Money borrowed or raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, and the Intereif thereof, shall hare been paid off and discharged, and the said Duty of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Cinders, and Culm, shall be more than luificient for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Market, and of the several Buildings, Erections, and Conveniences thereto, and for paying the said several Annuities granted by virtue of such Acts respectively, and the Salaries and cither Payments and Allowances to the Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers and Persons employed in the Execution of this Act,'and for defraying the several other Charges and Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, then and in every such Case the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall, and they are hereby required to reduce such Duty to such Sum of Money as shall be sufficient for such several Purposes; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, ami Commons, again to raKe such Duty to any Sum not exceeding the Sum granted by this Act, when and so often as it shall be necessary for the Purposes thereof; and Inch Duty, when so reduced or again raised, shall be collected, levied, and recovered in such and the same Manner as the Duty granted or continued by this Act can or may be collected, levied, and recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty or Duties on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, granted or continued and made payable by this Act, shall be and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable in respect of such Sum or Sums of Money as have been borrowed and raised under or by virtue of the had recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, for the Purposes of those Acts respectively.

XXIII. And whereas certain Coals coming from Scotland other Places have been and arc usually sold by Weight; be it therefore drafted. That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Weight of ludi Coals usually sold by Weight, One hundred and twelve. Pounds Avoirdupois Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One Hundred Weight, and Twenty Hundred shall be deemed anti taken to be One don.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Mrilerof a Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, or other Person having the Care r.tid Command thereof, shall, and he is hereby required, within Twenty-four Hours after his Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived at or to the Westu'ard of Bhick-va/1, or at her Moorings for Delivery, within any Part of the said Port of '-at --a London*

1179

47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cdp.6%.

London, at or to the Wefhvard of Gravesend, and not before, to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Clerk of the said Market, or other Officer appointed to receive the same, at his Office in the Place appointed for holding such Market, a true and perfect Copy of the Certificate or Certificates directed to be given by every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals to each and every Mailer of a Ship or Vessel on board of which such Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals shall have loaded any Coals, in pursuance of an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Ann;, intituled, An Act to disolve the present, and prevent the future Combinations of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade; and if such Ship or Vessel shall not come from any Port or Place, where, by the said Act, such Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, then and in such Case each and every Mailer of such Ship or Vessel, having the Care or Command thereof, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered an Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel to the Clerk or other Officer of the said Market; and in case it shall happen that such Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates shall at any Time be accidentally loll, or in case any such Ship or Vessel shall have been originally loaded or entered outwards for Exportation, and shall afterwards change her Deltination, and arrive or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, without any such Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates having been obtained or provided, then and in either of such last-mentioned Cases, each and every such Mailer of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver or cause to be delivered a like Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on beard of such his Ship or Vessel, to such Clerk, or other Officer of the said Market, together with an Affidavit to accompany such Account, and to be sworn by such Mailer before any of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place, where the same shall be sworn (and which Oath any such Justice or Justices are hereby authorized to administer) in which Affidavit such Mailer shall state and verify such Circutnllances either of the accidental Loss of any such Certificate, or of any such Ship having been originally entered outwards, and having afterwards changed her Dellination, and arrived as aforesaid, without any such Certificate having been obtained or provided (as the Case may be); and such Clerk or other Officer is hereby required to receive and register such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, together with the Affidavit or Affidavits, accompanying any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or Tender 6Y the Sum herein directed to be demanded and taken by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, for every Chaldron (or Ton of Coals, in case the same shall be sold by Weight) contained in such Ship or other Vessel, in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and if any such Mailer of any such Ship or other Vessel, or other Person-. having the Care or Command thereof as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered, in Manner aforesaid, within Twenty-four Hours after such Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, a true and perfsft Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or such true Account as aforesaid, where any such Ship or other Veil'd shall not come from any Port or Place where by the said Act such Certificates are required to be given, or a like true Account, together with 3 . such

Clerk of the Market to register the same.

I

1180

Penalty for delivering fa He Accounts or making false Entries.

The said Accounts to be sftn'td in the Market.

Coals to be sold in the Market and during Market Hours, ike.

4^:G.ErORGII III; SdT. 2C Cap. 68.

such Affidavit tacedmpariying the same as aforesaid, in case either of any such accidental Dofi of attyffnch Certificate aS aforesaid, or of any such Change irttheifellination of any such Ship or1 Vessel originally loaded or entered for Exportation without any such Certificate having been obtained or provided as aforesaid; or if any such Mailer of any such Ship or Vessel, or other 1'erson, having the Care or Command thereof, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such Copy of such Certificate, or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts, or any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid, before such Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully deliver in any false or inaccurate Account of the Quantity, or Name or Names, Description or Descriptions of the Coals in such Ship, or other Vessel, every such Mailer or other Person having the Care or Command of such Vessel so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any such Clerk or other Officer shall refitfe or neglect to receive and register any such Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts, Or any such Affidavit or Affidavits accompanying any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or 'lender of such Sum as aforesaid, or shall make any such Registry, knowing that such Ship or other Vessel had not arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, every such Clerk so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of such Market shall,

and he is hereby required, previous to the Opening of the Market next after the Receipt of the Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or of any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, to fix up in some conspicuous Part or Parts within the said Market, a true and perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words " For Sale" expressed therein; and in case any Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid shall be received by such Clerk during the Hours of holding such Market, and before One Hour previous to the Close thereof, then and in such Case such Clerk shall, and he is hereby required to fix up in Manner aforesaid, a true and perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words " For Sale" expressed thereon; and if such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to fix up such Copy or Copies in' Manner aforesaid, or within the Time aforesaid, such Clerk so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding. Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Master of any Ship, or other Vessel, laden with Coals to be unloaden in any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the West ward of Gravefind aforesaid, or other Person or Persons whosoever, shall sell or dispose of any Coals contained in any such Ship, or other Vessel, or shall agree or contract for the Sale of any such Coals contained in any such Ship, or other Vessel, before such Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificate-, or such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, shall have been fixed up inf such Market in Manner aforesaid, or if the said Coals shall be fold in any other Place or Places than in the said Market, or on any other Days, or within any other I fours than those appointed for holding the lame, then and in every l'fich Chffr,‘-dVcfy- such Sale, Pt’.rchafe, Contract,- or Agreement for Sale

118r

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 6S.

or Purchase, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be, null md void, to all Interns-and Purposes whatsoever, and the several Person or Persons so offending shall, for ever)- such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Ship or Coals loadc3 Vessel, laden with Coals, shall have arrived at or to the Westward of Black- *" board *ny wail, or at her Moorings for Delivery, within any Part of the said Port of ship for Go-London, at or to the Westward of Gravesend, which Ship or Vessel shall vernment, have been loaded or freighted for or on the Account of Government, who J" V f>e un-shall have purchased the Whole of the Cargo of Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall have been without btfng so loaded or freighted, then and in every such Case, if the Mailer or other put up to Sale Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall within '"^Market Twenty-four Hours after such Sliip or Vessel shall have arrived or come to Ma|je' her Moorings as aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Clerk or firit send to other Officer of the said Market, a true Copy of the Fitter’s Certificate of 'he Clok of the Coals contained in such Ship or Vessel, or in case it shall happen that j!?' jf'1 such Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates shall have been accidentally lpfl, or Fi°uer°Cewi-in case such Ship or Vessel shall not come from any Port or Place where by ficate, toge-the said recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, tier with an such Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, the Master or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, coals’to have within the Time aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered an Account of becufoload-the Quantity and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions of the ed and Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel, to such Clerk or other Officer fwightea. of the said Market; and to every such Certificate and Account an Affidavit shall be annexed and delivered therewith, which Affidavit shall have been sworn by such Mailer, or by such other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel, before any One or more of His Majesty's justices acting for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or City of London,

(and which Oath any such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), and in such Affidavit such Master, or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall verify such Copy of such Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts as aforesaid, and shall also set forih and verify such Circumstances oi such Ship or Vessel having been so loaded or freighted as aforesaid, and also such Circumstances of any accidental Loss which may have happened of any such Certificate or Certificates, it shall and may be lawful to unload and deliver such Ship or Vessel, for or on Account of Government, without the Copy of the said Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, being fixed up in the said Market, or the said Coals being in any Manner exposed, or subject to be exposed, or put up for Sale in the said Market, and no Person or Persons whosoever shall (provided such Master or other Person having the Care or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have delivered such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, and have made such Affidavit, and delivered the fame in Manner aforesaid) be subject or liable to any Penalty' or Penalties whatsoever lor or in respect of such Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, not Joeing fixed up in the said Market, or for or in respect of the Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel not being exposed or put up for Sale, or fold in such Market, or be subject or liable to any other Penalty or Penalties whatsoever for or in respect of the Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel being unloaded or delivered in [Loc. tsf Per.] 13 U Manner

ti8i

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 68.

Manner aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Repealing;

XXVII. And whereas it would tend greatly to the Opening of the said certain Parts Market for the Sale of Coals, and to the preventing of Monopolies, if ofjG.a. c.zd. certain Parts of Two several Acts, made in the Third and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, were repealed; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, as directs, 4 That all Bargains or Contrafts for Coals ‘ between Buyer and Seller, at the Market of Billingsgate, or other Place of Sale within the Bills of Mortality, shall, by the Crimp or Factor

who had the Disposal of such Coals, be fairly entered, with the Condi-

tions thereof, in the Pocket or other Book of Inch Crimp or Factor, f ib-

feribed by the Seller and the Buyer, and witnessed by the said Crimp or

Factor, of which Bargain or Contraft the said Crimp or Factor shall at e tile same Time deliver, gratis, a Copy by him attested to the Seller and Buyer respectively; and the said Entries, so made and subscribed, and the said Copies, so given and attested, shall be admitted as Evidence on

Trials in any Court of Law whatsoever; and if any Crimp or Factor shall neglect orrefule to enter such Bargain or Contraft, and to subserileand

attefl the fame, or shall refuse to give Copies thereof as aforesaid, he shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds;’ and so' much thereof as directs, 4 That all Lightermen, and other Buyers of or Contractors for Coals, on board of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of Lon- don, shall, at the Time of the Delivery of such Coals, either pay for the fame in Ready Money, or for such Part thereof as shall not be so paid

for, shall give their respective Promissory Note or Notes of their

Hands for Payment thereof, expressing therein the Words Value

received in Coals,’ payable at such Day or Days, Time or Times,

as shall for that Purpose be agreed upon between such Lighter-

man, or other Buyer of or Contraftor for Coals, and the Mafier or

Owner of such Ship or Vessel, or his Agent or Factor on his Behalf;

and that all such Notes, in case of Non-payment at the respective Days and Times therein mentioned, shall and may be protested or noted in

such Manner as Inland Bills of Exchange may now be, and in Default of such Protefling or Noting by any Indorsee, and Notice thereof given by such Indorsee to the respective lndorfor or Tndorfors, within Twenty Days after such Failure of Payment, such respective lndorfor or In*

dorfors, to whom such Notice shall not be given, shall not be chargeable with or liable to answer or pay such Sum of Money as shall be mentioned to be payable in or by such Note or Notes, or any Part thereof;’ and so much thereof as directs, 4 That all such Lightermen, or other Buyers of or C-ontraftors for Coals, who shall refuse to give their Note or Notes for Coals to them respectively delivered, and shall refuse to insert the said Words Value received in Coals,’ and every such Mafier who shall take any such Note from any Dealer in Coals, in which Note the Words Value received in Coals’ are not expressly inserted, such ‘ Lightermen, Buyers of or Contractors for Coals, and Mailers, shall,

‘ for every such Refusal, or Acceptance, respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds,’ shall be, and ttie fame is and are hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and

and ofxiG.i. puriM)fes whatsoever: And so much of an Act made in the Eleventh Year C. IJ. - - - w ' _ of

47* GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68*.

of the Reign of King George the Second, intitu!ad. An Act to empower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to Jet the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereto, for the Space of One Tear; and to oblige, for the Term therein mentioned. Fitters and others vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals at Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to any Masters of Ships applying for the fame; and for further obliging Buyers and Sellers of Sea Coals at Bidingfgate, or other Place of Sale within the Bills of Mortality, to fgn their Contracts for Coals, and for the Admeasurement of all Carriages whatsoever used in loading Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle, and Members thereunto be-Imping, as dir ils, ‘ That if any Boyer or Seller of Coa’s at Billingsgate, or 6 other Plac s of Sale within the Bills of Mortality,being the reunto required,

shall reful'e or neglect to sign the Contracts in luck Manner as by the said racked Act is directed, that then and in such Case every such ‘ Buyer and Seiler r-. (peclively, so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every ‘ such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety thereof to , 4 His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such ‘ Person or Persons as shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts ‘ of Record at Westminster, within the Space of Six Months after such ‘ Offence committedand so much thereof as directs, 4 That every Master of a Ship carrying Coals as aforesaid, shall, after every respective Voyage made by him, produce to his Owner or Owners (when required)

4 a Copy of such Contract or Contrail?, signed by the Crimp or Factor i»

whose Book the said Contrail is or shall be entered as aforesaid, and in case of Refusal, such Master so refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid,’ shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Bargains or Contrails for Coals between Buyer or Buyers and Seller or Sellers shall, by the Crimp, Factoi, or other Person having the Disposal cf such Coals (in case any such Crimp, Failor, or other Person, shall be employed for the Disposal of such Coals) be fairly entered, with the Conditions thereof, and Price cf such Coals, in a Book to be kept by such Crimp, or Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, subscribed by such Buyer or Buyers, and by the said Crimp or Failur, or other Person as aforesaid, not merely with the Initials of their Names, but with their Names written at full Length,^ of which Bargain or Contrail such Crimp or Failor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall at the same Time deliver gratis a Copy by liim attested to the Seder or Sellers and Buyer or Buyers respectively (in case, but not otherwise, of such Buyer or Buyers or Seller or Sellers respectively demanding such Copy) and a true and perfect Copy of such Bargain or Contrail, and the Price of such Coals, shall be delivered by such Crimp or Factor to the Clerk of the said Market, within One Hour after the Close of the Market on that Day; and every such Copy shall be by such Clerk entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and every fufch Book shall be open for the Perusal or Inspection of any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during the Hours such Market shall be open; and if any such Buyer or Buyers shall subscribe his or their Name or Names to any such Bargain or Contrail in such Failor’s

Books,.

1183.

Sales of Coals to b? entered with the Clerk of the Market.

ii 84 47° GEORG! I III. ScfT.2. Cap. 68.

Book, otherwise than in Manner aforesaid, or if any Crimp or Fador, or other Person, hav;ng the Dffposal of such Coals as aforesaid, shall neglect or refute to en.er such Bargain or Contract, or the Price of such Coals, fairly, act irately, and honestly, without Fraud or Covin, or to subscribe the fame, or shall neglect or refuse to give Copies thereof in Manner or within the Time aforesaid, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to enter such Contrail or Bargain, or the Price of such Coals as aforesaid, in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Perusal or Inspection thereof to any Person or Persons whonifo-ever, during such Hours as aforesaid, then and in such Case, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Persons m*y pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons cdal^witho^" his, or her, or the’r Coals, which it shall and may be lawful to

thcYn'men- atl<* *or huch Person or Persons to do, without the Intervention of such tion ofa Crimp, Fador, or other Person as aforesaid, then and in such Case every

Fadoi. such Sale, Bargain, or Contract for the Purchase of Coals, with the Conditions thereof and the Price of such Coals, shall be fairly written on Paper, and shall be signed by the Seller or Sellers, and Buyer or Buyers, with their respective Names written at full Length, and such Paper, when so signed, or a true and perfect Copy thereof, shall be deliv red by such Seller or Sellers to the Clerk of such Market within One Hour after the Close of the Market on that Day, and such Clerk shall, and he is hereby required to enter such Paper, or such Copy thereof, in a Book or Books to be kept for such Purpose, which Book or Books shall be open for the Inspection and Perusal of any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during such Hours as such Market shall be open; and if any such Buyer or Seller shall sign or subscribe his or their Name or Names to any such Bargain or Contract otherwise than in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Seller or Sellers shall refuse or neglect to enter such Bargain or Contract with such Clerk, in Manner or within the Time aforesaid, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to enter any such Bargain er Contract in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Inspection and Perusal thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoevi_r on Demand, during such Hours as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor.lei's than Twenty Pounds; and if any Buyer or Buyers, or other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, shall demand, take, or receive any Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance shall be called or made) from the Price so delivered to or entered with the Clerk of such Market, or shall practise or make use of any Art, Covin, or Device, so as to obtain any such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance from the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market, or if any ShipOwner, Crimp, Fador, Vender or Seller of Coals, or any Person on his, her, or their Behalf, shall give, grant, or allow any Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance from the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance shall be called or made), so that the full Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market, shall no: be received for such Coals by such Vender or Seller, then and in every such CrJc, every such Buyer, Ship Owner, Crimp, Fador, Vender, Seiier, and other Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor lets than

Twenty

1185

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. C^. 6S.

Twenty PoOrids: Provided always, riralihe Commission to any Crimp, or F'K&oS', Pcivttfl Coal-, and die uiqaj.- Ojf-

count and Nto a.e IV^wSf^b'ali'qpi J>my>r te decntqd-.jo

I ...... . . frflga such Price as

aforeleiJ. i.oibiw -

o» .'"‘bi to Jtin\ jo a.r ' 1 ejrrw c

XXX. Provided nrvert^.eJefs and.be it further enacledj Tint uhjejpany Person fbaifl on his o»« 'Account, or oi) ijbfi.-Account of.him&lf and any

Copartner or Copartners, buy, or ,entvr any Larg.dn or Coat rad for the Purelrafe of Goals in ihe laid Market, or jjiail..enter;imo' any Agreement reipeding the Terms so which acy .-'Cargo, of GofJgfeld in Sharea-in the said Market is take delivered, then if such Person do buying, contracting, or agreeing, JhaiJ, at ibrne Time previous.ioLuch buying, contracting, or agreeing, haveueliveicd to the Clerk of the said Market a Paper, coni airing.(in case of such Buyer being a Copartner with airy Other Perlb;i.«r Persons/ms well the usual Firm or Signature of such Buyer and his Copartner or Copartners, as also the true Chrilthiy and Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Length, ol himseli and of such his Copartner, or Copartners, or containing (Li case of such Buyer not bei. g a Copartner with any other Person or Persons) the usual Signature c.f such Buyer, and also his tru Chrmiau Name or Names, and Surname, and Place of Abode, at tr,l! Length, then and in any such Case, any such Person io buying, contracting, or agreeing, and having preuously delivered such Paper, shall be at liberty, it he thinks fir, to sign and subscribe, with such his own usual Signature, or in such u.ual Firm, or with such usual Signature of himself and his laid Copartner or Copartners, (as the Gale may be), any Bargain or Contract made in the said Market for the Purchase of any Coals, of a.iy such Agreement as is herein-after required respciting the Terms in:which any Cargo fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered, (inlLad of being in such Case obliged to fub'eribe such Bargain,- Contract, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names ofhfinielf and his Copartner or Copartners at fall Length; and in.dike

- Manner,- if any Factor, who shall fell or enter in o any Bargain or Contract for the Sale oi Coals in the said Market, or shall sign his Name as Vvkness to-auy such Agreement rTpetting the Terms oi Delivery of any Cargo fold

in Shares, fna’.i previously to such felling, or contracting, or sign. ng, or att'elling such Agreement, have delivered to the Clerk of the said Market a Paper, containing {in case of such Factor being a Copartner with, any

Other Person or Persons.) as well the usual Firm, or Signature of such Factor a-'d-his Copartner,or.Copartners, a&allb the true.-Chi iilnn. an 'Surnames'or Places of Abdde in iud Length of himself and q£ such his .'Go-

‘partner or Copartners,-- a*, containing (in; case.of; itieh Factor not befog, a

Cop rtner With any 0thsyfd?eridtt or Persons)-the usual /Signature of such

Fatlor, and also his-true Ghriftian Name, or Names, and Surnames, and Place c? Abode, at full Length y then and in any Xuch.jCde, any such Factor lb felling,' or chitfiraCling, or ligaing, or atteding any ftsch Agree-

merk. and Itaving pfevioaflv delivered such Paper, shall be-at-Liberty, if

he thinks fit, to sign Ot fobfenhe with such his own usual Signature, or in

'such usual Firm, or WithTuch usual Signature of himself-and his said Co-

- partner or Copartners (hs the Case may be), any Bargain or Contract made in the Laid-Market for the Sale of any. Coal, orr'aay such Agreement as is herein-after required respe Ting the Turns in which any Cargo fold in Sh? ec in the Laid Market-is to be delivered indead of being, in

\Loc.& Ptr.j ' ij Z - such

Dire fling Iiow the Firm of Copartners shall be finned.

1186 ^47° GEORGII .,111. Sess. 2. Cap. 65.

such case obliged to sign or subscribe such Bargain, or Contraft, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names of himself and his ' Copartner or Copartners at full Length; and if any Person shall receive a Paper or Authority, in Writing, from and as the Clerk or Agent of any other Person or Persons, to buy or enter into Barg.ri s or X onrradts on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons for the Purchase of Coals in the said Market, and to enter into Agreements on the Behalf of such Other Person or Persons respecting the Turns of Delivery of any Cargo which shall be fold in Shares in the said Market, and if such Ch rk. Agent, or Person, shall, previously to lvs buying on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons, deliver in to the Clerk of the said Market such Paper or Authority, in Writing, and which Paper or Authority, in Writing, shall be signed and subscribed with the Christian and Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Lengih, of each and every' Person or Persons on whose Behalf such Authority shall be given, and also with the usual Firm or Signature of any Copartner on whose Behalf any such Authority shall be given, or with the usual Signature of any Person. not being a Copartner, on whsfe behalf any such Authority may be giv n as the Case may be), and shall also contain the Name and Place of b e, at full Length, of the Person who shall befo authorized thereby; then and in every such Case it shall and may De lawful to and for any such Clerk, Agent, or Person who shall have been so authorized, and who shall ha e previously delivered in to the Clerk of the said Markt such P-per or Authority, in Writing, to such Effect, and so signed and subscribed a5 aforesaid, to enter into and sign or subscribe on he Behalf and in the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons who shall have given such Authority as aforesaid, any Bargain or Contraft for the Purchase of any Coals in the said Market, or any such Agreement as is herein after required, in case of any Cargo being fold in Shares in the said Market; and such Clerk, Agent, or Person so authorized, and who shall have previously delivered such Paper as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty, if he ihinks fit, to sign or subscribe any such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement as aforesaid with the usual Signature or Firm of the Person or Persons on whose Behalf he shall so buy or enter into such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement, without being obliged to lign the Name or Names of such Person or Persons at full Length, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Clerk of the said Market shall, and he is hereby required to enter every such Paper in a Book or Books to be kept for such Purpose, which Book or Books shall be open for the inspefbon or Perusal of any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, during such Hours as the said Market shall be open; and if any such Buyer or Factor shall deliver to the said Clerk of such Market any false or imperfect Paper or Account of the Firm or Signature, or of the Christian and Surname or Names, or Place or Places of Abode, of himself, or of himself and his Copartner or Copartners (as the Case may be), or if any such Clerk, Agent, or other Person as aforesaid, shall deliver to the said Clerk of the said Market any false or imperfect Paper, or ar.y other than such Paper or Authority in Writing to such Effect, and so signed and subscribed as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any such Clerk of the said Market shall refute or neg’edt to enter, or copy, cr cause to be entered or copied any such Paper in fu’h Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall notpemit the Inspection or Perulal thereof to any Person or Persons whbmfatver.

- on

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2> CapM. 1187

on Demand, during such Hours as aforesaid, such Clerk so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That after the Cargo of any Ship or C^n"27in* other Vessel shall have been entered with the Clerk of the said Ma«ket in [hc Market in Manner aforesaid, the Coals contained in such Cargo shall be and be deemed Quantise* of to be upon Sale during the Times for holding the said Market as herein- not Ufs than before mentioned; and if the Factor,'Agent, or other Person having Power zlChfl ronst or Authority of felling the said Cargo of Coals', or of any Part or Parts

thereof, shall give any undue Preference in the Sale thereof, or refuse or decline to sell the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be desirous of purchasing not leis than Twenty-one Chaldrons thereof (Payment for such Coals being then and there tendered with sufficient Security for the Payment of Demurrage, in case of Detention in the Delivery) such Factor or Agent, or other Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Oifence, the Suin of One hundred Pounds

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Entries made by the Clerk Entries of of such Market in such Book or Books, in pursuance of the Directions of

this Act, shall be Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or ’ n h'* concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act. good Evi-

dence.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of For preTPnt. or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for ing the S le and as a Sort which they really are not, within the said Port of London, or of one Sort of within the respective Cities of London or Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Coun- ° 1 ties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Difhnce of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coa's, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Oifence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Chaldron for every Chaldron so fold; and such Vender or Venders.cf, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty iinpofvd by the said recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future Combination cf Coal Owners, Lightermen, Majters cf Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufudlures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade, or by the said recited Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, on every Perfc.n who shall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not: Provided always, that no Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall be subject to such Penalty for or in respect of any Number of Chaldrons exceeding Twenty-five Chaldrons, for the fame Offence.

XXXIV. And whereas great Inconvenience has arisen from the Appoint- No Meter to ment of a Meter ro a Ship or other Vessel for the Delivery of her Cargo of be appointed Coals before the fame was ready for Delivery, be it therefore further enacted, p^t'ffthe That no Meter shall be appointed to any Ship or other Vessel, for the Coals are*' Delivery of her Cargo of Coals, until after the Account of the Sale of fold.

- ' ' 1 :1 ’ ' such

118 8

Coal Ships damaged may may he unloaded without watting for a Ship Meter.

Meter may

appoint an A Huh nt out of the Fi How. flup Porur*.

Meters and

Conlheaveis if unrucefTa-rily detained on board a

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

such Cargo of Coals shall have been entered with the Clerk of the* Market, or until the Conclusion of the Market, in which the Account of the Sale of Three Score Chaldrons at the lead of the Co: Is contained in such Ship or other Veil'd shall have been so entered with the Clerk of the said Marker, in Manner herein dirtfted.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals shall have arrived within any Part of the said Port of Londoni at or to the Welhvard of Gravesend, and such Ship or Vessel shall, after she shall have arrived as aforesaid, happen to be or become so damaged or injured as to render it prudent crnecessary to remove without Delay the Coals contained in such Ship or Vessel out of such Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent the immediate unloading and removing the Coals with which any such Ship or Vessel shall be laden, from out of such Ship or Vessel into any Lighters or Barges, or other Craft, without wai'ing for the Appointment or Arrival of ally Ship Meter, and without ary Person or Persons being subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties whatsoever for or in respect of such Removal of any such Coajs.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Meter employed to admeasure or deliver, dr to superintend the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, to appoint, from Time to Time, (me of the Fellow ship Porters to be lu h Meter’s Man, or to assist such Meter in the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals, and from Time to Time to dismiss such Person so appointed at hssPleafure, and to appoint any other Fellowlh p Porter to be such Meter’s Man in the Room of the Person so dismissed; and no Person so appointed by any Meter to be such Meter’s Man, or to aflifl such Meter in the Delivery of the Coals from any such Ship or Vessel, shall be entitled to any Pay or Wages or Allowance for any Detention, or to any other Benefit under this Act, except such Person fit all be one of the Persons called Fellowship Porters; and that every such Person so to be appointed Meter’s Man, or Assistant to any such Meter, shall (provided he be a Fellowship Porter, but not otherwise) have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Undertaker of any such Ship or Vessel, or by the Mailer or Owjier (where no Undertaker shall be employed) the fame Wages or Sum of 1 free Shillings for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals admeasured and delivered, and shall have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Master or Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, the same Sum or Allowance per Day for Detention Money, and shall also have and be entitled to receive and be paid all such other Emoluments as shall or ought to be paid, awarded, or allowed to any Co d-heaver or Whipper employed together with such Meter’s Man in the Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel; and that such Undertaker shall have and be entitled to charge and receive, and be paid and allowed the fame Profit or A llowance and Emolument upon and in respect of such Meter’s Mm, as shall or ought to be paid or allowed to 'uch Undertaker upon or for any Coal-heaver or Whipper paid aild employed by such Undertaker together with such Meter’s Man.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Meter, Meter’s Man. Coal-heaver, or Whipper, shall, by reafqn of the delivery of a leis Quantity of Coals than at the Rate of Forty-two Chal-

9 drons

47° GEORGII til. Sell 2. Cap. 63.

drons a Dav, from the Appointment of such Meter to deliver such Ship or Vessd, be detained on board any Ship or Vessel by tea Ion of the Whole of the Coals not being delivered thereout, over or beyond such Number of Days as the Whole of the Cargo thereof would have been delivered in, suppefing such Coals had been delivered at the Rate oi Forty-two Chaldrons a Day, then and in such Case the Maher cr Owner of every such Ship or other Vessel, shall pay to every such Meter, Meter’s I, Ian, Coal Whipper, or Heaver, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Seven Shillings per Day, as or by way of Detention Money for every Day that such Ship or Vessel shall have been detained beyond such Number of Days as aforesaid, as any One or more of His Majesty's .[offices of t m Peace for the City of Lcrukn, or Counties of Micidlejiir, Kent, or according to the Jurisdsdion, shall award, on the Applicatio t of such Meter, Meter’s Mar., Coalheaver, or Whipper, over and above all Colls and lfxpences of such Application, provided that it .‘lull appear to ijeh Justice or Justices, that such Detention did not arise from the Default of the Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal Whipper, or Coal-heaver respft'dvely; and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices shall he made by such Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, within Three Days next after the Day on which the Delivery of the Whole of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel shall have been completed; and if the Sum or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be awarded by such Justice or Justices to be paid as Detention Money, for or on account of any such Detention and Costs by any such Shipmaster or O water, to any inch Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, shall not be immediately paid accordingly, such Sum or Sums shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Shipmaster or Owner, by Warrant under the Hand and SerJ of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money, if any, raised by such Distress and Sale, (deducting the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale), shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for want of Distress, and in case the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid shall not be immediately paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Master or Owner to the Common Gaol or House or Corn flion 1' r the City or Place for which such justice shall act, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for ary Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, Uriels such Sum or Sums’, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be former paid; and every such Award, Order, ana Proceeding of any such Justice or iudaces shall be final, binding, and conch;five; and no such Proceedings shall be quashtd or vacated for want of- Form oniv, of be removed by Certkrari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elft where.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Sam rr Sums or Money shall be directed by any inch Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid by any Shipmailer cr Owner to any such Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, as and by way of Detention Money for any Detention which shall have been occasioned by, or have anfea from the Conduct cf any Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or for any Costs. attending the Application for any such Detention Money; and such Sum or Sums of Money shall have teen paid accordingly, then and in every such Caie, such Coal Buyer or "[Lee. Per j 13 2 Buyers,

1189

Ship, to he entitled to Detention Money.

Mohey paid by Mi:p vlafter or Owner for any Detention oc-caliontd by the Default of thw Coal Buyer to be repaid by Coal Buyer.

i igo

Coal Buyer not to be liable to Detention Money for the Day on which the Meter is appointed, unless the Meter attend on that Day at his hequeil.

Coal Buyers r Mailer or Owner respectively may appeal to Sections ajjamft

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Cap. 63.

Buyers shall repay, or cause to be repaid to such Shipmaster or Owner, such Sum or bums as lucii Shipmaster or Owner shall, in consequence of any such Direction, have paid unto any such Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, for any Detention so occasioned by such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his her, or dieir Agent or Agents, and for any such C.ofts; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal in such Coal Buyer or Buyers, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, to make such Repayment, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, or Surry, according to the Jurisdiction, on the Application of such Ship-inaller or Owner, to order such Coal Buyer to repay to such Shipmailer or Owner any such Sum or Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, which shall have been paid by such Shipmaster or Owner to such Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heavers, or Whippers, in pursuance of the Direction of such Justice or Justices, for any such Detention and Colts, provided such Detention shall appear to such Justice or Justices to have been occasioned by, or to have arisen from the Default of such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents; and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices shall be made by such Shipmaster or Owner within Ten Days next after any such Detention Money and Colts shall have been awarded and paid by such Shipmaster or Owner; and if the Sum or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be ordered by such Justice or Justices to be repaid to such Shipmaster or Owner by such Coal Buyer or Coal Buyers, shall not be immediately repaid accordingly, such Sum or Sums shall be levied by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Coal Buyer or Buyers, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any' raised by such Diitrefs and Sale, (deducing the Money so ordered to be repaid, and the Costs and Charges of making such Diitrefs and Sale), shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods ar d Chattels so distrained; and for want of Diitrefs, and in case the Money so ordered to be repaid shall not be accordingly immediately repaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, to commit such Coal Buyer or Buyers to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or Place for which such Justice or Justices shall act, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid.

XXXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Coal Buyer or Buyers shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money vhatsoever as Detention Money, for or in respect't of the Detention of any such Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, on the Day, on which aMeter shall be appointed to any such Ship or Vessel, unless such Meter, Meter’s Man, C.oal-heaver or Coal-heavers respectively, shall be requested by such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his or their Agents, to attend, and shall actually attend in consequence of such Request on board such Ship or Vessel during that Day; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, who shall be dissatisfied with or feel himself or themselves aggrieved by any such last mentioned Order of any such Justice or Justices for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums to such Ship

Owner*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68. 1191

Owner or Master, or if any such Ship Owner or Master shall be dissatisfied the Decision with or feel himself aggrieved by the Determination of any such Justice or °/*‘e Juf' Justices, who shall on any such last-mentioned Application think proper to decline making any Order for any such Repayment, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or Mailer or Owner respectively, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holder, for the County,

City, or Place, where such Order for Repayment shall be made, or refused to be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices (making or declining to make such Order) for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices in such General Quarter Sefftoas or General Sessions, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or annul the said Order or Determination, or may make such other Order or Determination in the Matter of such Appeal, and award such Cods to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no such Proceedings shall be quadied or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, ship Matters or other Proceeding whatsoever, shall be commenced or prosecuted by any not to fating such Ship Owner or Master against any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, in Actions any of His Majesty's Courts of Rtcord at Westminster, or in any ether 5f*‘^rs Court or Courts of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of, or o.herwife to recover respecting any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by any Money paid such Ship Owner or Master respectively, for any such Detention or Costs for Letent;oa. as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whosoever shall cany No Person to on, or exercise or follow the Trade, Business, or Employ of a Coal Un- Trade of *a dertaker, or of providing Coal-heavers or Whippets for unloading Coals Coal Und*r-from any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of London, unless he or she taker without shall have previously obtained a Licence to carry on such Business from the Licence Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, which Court (^otTrt^of A1 is hereby authorized to grant such Licence to such Person or Persons as do-men. shall, at the Time of soliciting the fame, produce before such Court a Recommendation, signed by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting as such, for the City, County, Town, or Place, in which such Person or Persons reside; and every Person so liccafed, shall pay for his cr her Licence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more; and every such Licence shall be granted for, and remain in force for the Term of One Year, to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof, and no longer; and the Christian and Surnames, and the Place of Abode ot every Person so licensed, shall within Twenty-four Hours after the granting such respective Licences, be correctly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose at the Mansion House of the City of London; and such Book shall at all suitable Times be open for inspection, gratis, of any Person or Persons whatsoever applying to inspect the lame; and all and every Person or Persons who shall carry on, exercise, or follow the said

Trade

1192

Lord Mayor or Sitting Alderman may suspead and Court of Aldermen may erase the Name of any Coal Undertaker miscon-ducting himself.

Coal Undertaker to take an Oath.

Form of the Oath.

47° GEORGII III. Se:T.,2. Cap. 68.

Trade of a Coal Undertaker, without having obtained such licence, and procured the lame to be entered as dordaiJ, or who shall carry on, ex-c-rcife, or follow such Trade for, any Ung-r or other Term than shall be expressed in any such Licence so obtain'd, and procured to ne entered as tdoresaid, shall, for every Coal-Leaver or Whipper lb provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of inch Per ity shall go to the Informer.

XL1JI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Complaint shall be made to the said Lord Mayor, or to the Sitting Alderman or Aldermen for the Time being of the said t 'ity of London, of or relating to the Conduct of any such licensed Coal Undertaker in his or her laid Trade or Business, the said Mayor or Sitt.ng Alderman or Aldcnuen, shall and may cause him or her to be brought before him or them, and if upon hearing the said Complaint, it shall appear to the said Mayor or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen, that the said Coal Undertaker shall ha e added corruptly or improperly, or have oPended in any Manner against the Provisions or true Intern and Meaning of this Act. then and in such C le it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen, to suspend such Coal Undertaker from carrying on his or lrer Trade or Business of Undertaker, until the holding or fitting of 'he then next Court of the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen; and if upon such Complaint being brought and heard before the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, at such their then next Sitting, it shall appear to the said Court that such Coal Undertaker shall have acted corruptly or improperly, or have offended in Manner aforesaid, then and in fwch Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cow t of Lord Mayor and Aldermen to cause the Name of such Coal Undertaker to be ended from the said Book of licensed Coal Undertakers; and if any inch Undertaker shall, either during such Time for which he or ilte fht 11 be so suspended, cr after the Time of such Erasure of his or her Name being so made from such Book, carry on, exercise, or follow the said Trade of a Coal Undertaker, every such Person so offending shall,- for every Coal-heaver provided by him or her either during the Inter-. ,1 of such Suspension, or fufcfequsritly to such Erasure, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go the Informer.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Coal Undertaker, or other Person providing any Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers for the Purpose of unloading Coals from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Poit of London, shall provide any such Com heaver or Coal-heavers, without having first taken before the Lord Mayor, or One of the Aldermen of the City of London, the Oath following (which they are hereby empowered to administer); that is to say, ,

5 A.B. do swear. That 1 will well and truly exercise the Business or 1 Employ of a Coal Undertaker or Provider of Coal-heavers, and so long as I shall continue to exert, e that Business, I will in all Things conform niyfelf to the Directior s of an Act of Parliament, made in the Fopty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for n pealing the jhviral Acts foe regulating the Vend and I'elivery of Gouts within ,hc Cities of London and Wellminffer, and Liberties thereof, and in certain Farts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, and for making better ft c etfon for the famed

Eve; y

it

"93

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

Every such Coal Undertaker, or other Person as aforesaid, shall, for every such Coal-heaver so provided by him, her, or them, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any licensed For prevent. Victualler, Alehousekeeper, or Innkeeper, concerned or interested, di- j"S Vraud-reflly or indirectly, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name or ing aj p ai " Names of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or by way of Part* Undertaker*, nership or Agreement, to receive any Part of the Profits of such Trade or Trades, shall, directly or indirectly, exercise the Business or Employ of a Coal Undertaker, or of providing any Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, or any Shovels, Baskets, or other Implements for unloading any Coals from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Port of London, every such Victualler, Alehousekeeper, or Innkeeper shall, for every such Coal-heaver, Shovel,

Balket, or other Implement provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

Shovels and other Imple* ments for the unloading of Ccal Ships to be provided by the Ship-Mailer.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer, or Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel from which any Coals shall be unloaded or delivered within the said Port of London Hi all, and he and they is and are hereby required to provide and find, at his and their own Expence, all such Shovels, Baskets, and other Implements, as shall be requitite and proper for the Unloading or Delivery of the Coals from any such Ship or Vessel; and no such Shovel, Balket, or other Implement, shall be let out for Hire by or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, save and except by a licensed Coal Undertaker or Undertakers, to any such Shipmaller or Owner, Mailers or Owners, his or their Agent or Agents, who shall employ such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers; and if any Person or Persons whosoever, not being a Coal Undertaker or Undertakers duly licensed as aforesaid, shall let out to hire any Shovel or Shovels, Balket or Baskets, or other Implement or Implements, for the unloading of any such Ship or Vessel, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or if any licensed Coal Undertaker shall let out to hire any Shovel or Shovels, Balket or Baskets, or ether Implement or Implements, for the Unloading or Delivery' of any such Ship or Vessel to any Person or Persons whomsoever, save and except to the Mailer or Owner of any such Ship, or to his Agent or Agents, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Shovel, Balket, or other Implement so let out, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLVIL. And be it further enacted, That every Coal Undertaker shall or receive and have from the Mailer, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, for every Chaldron of Coals delivered by Undertakers, the Coal-heavers by him or her provided for that Purpose, the Sum of One Coal-heavers, Penny, in full Compensation lor his or her Trouble; and that the Meter several Coal-heavers and Meter’s Men shall be entitled to and receive from Men’ the Undertaker, or from the Mailer when no Undertaker is employed, for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals by them delivered, the Sum ol Three Shillings each, in full for their respective Wages or Pay.

XLVffl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Court of Al-mav be lawful to and for the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of f

line. V Per.'] the

ii94

Wages of Coal Undertakers, &c.

flow the Wages of Coal-heavers shall be paid.

Coal-heavers rot to be paid their Wages at any Ale-house, &c.

Undertakers shall, during the Time of

47° GEORGII III. Sess. a. Cap. 69.

the City of London from Time to Time to increase the several Sums payable to the Coal Undertakers, and also the Wages or Hire payable for Labour to the Ship Coal Meters, Meters’ Men, and Coal-heavers respectively, and from Time to d ime to reduce the fame, when it shall appear reasonable and equitable to them so to do; and il any such Shipmaster or Owner, or his Agent or Agents, or any ether Person or Persons whosoever, shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal Undertaker, or if any such Master, Owner, Undertaker, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver, Ship Coal Meter, or Meter’s Man, any greater or less Sum, or at or after any greater or less Rate than is hereby or may be hereafter so settled or appointed by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to be paid or payable to such Undertakers, Meters, Meters’ Men, or Coal-heavers re-ipettively, every such Master, LTndertaker, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Hire and Wages of Coal-heavers or Whippets, and Meters’ Men, shall be really and bond fide paid by the Masters or Owners of Ships, or their Agents, to the Undertaker, when any Undertaker shall be employed; and such Undertaker shall pay and divide, or cause to be paid and divided, such Hire and Wages so received by him for that Purpose, among the said Meters’ Men and Coal, heavers or Whippers; and when no Undertaker shall be employed, then such Masters or Owners respectively shall pay or divide such Hire or Wages, really and bona fide, unto or among!! such Meters’ Men and Coal-heavers, respectively; and if any such Master or Owner shall pay, or if any such Undertaker shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver or Meter’3 Man, such Wages or Pay, or any Part thereof, by way of Barter or Exchange, in any Coals, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Meat, Drink, Lodging, or Materials for Wearing Apparel, or with any other Matter or Thing whatsoever. other than Current Money, or shall make any Deduction or Abatement from or out of such Wages or Pay, under Pretence of furnishing Baskets, Shovels, or other Implements used in the unloading of Coals, or for or under any other Pretence whatsoever, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Undertaker flinli pay or cause to be paid the Hire and Wages of the Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers employed by him, unto and amongst all such Coal-heavers, at his Accounting House, or other convenient Place for that Purpose; and where no Undertaker is employed, the Shipmaster or Owner shall himself pay and divide the fame equally amongst the Coal-heavers on board the Ship or Vessel in which they shall have been employed; and if any such Master or Owner where no Undertaker is employed" shall pay, or if any such Undertaker shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver any such Hire or Wages, or any Part thereof, at any Ale House, Victualling House, or Inn, or in any other Description of Place than as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LI. And be it further cnaCfed, That the Person or Persons who shall be employed as the Undertaker or Undertakers for the Delivery or

Unloading

47° GEORG! I III. Sess. sfc. Cap. 68. 1795

Unloading of Coals from any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of ‘*7 l"p’* London, shall, and such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers is and are vaB"ct'J’ a"* hereby directed and required from Time to Time, during the Time of Coal-heavers the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, to advance to all or any of the respect requestisg tive Coal-heavers or W hippers employed by such Undertaker or Undertakers ot-

in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, who shall requell the fame, One ^"^vages Half of the V ages already earned by, and then due to any of such then earned respective Coal-heavers or Whippers for Work done in or towards the by such Coal-Delivery of such Ship or Vessel previous to the making of any such heavers-Request: Provided such Coal heavers or Whippers respectively shall attend to receive the same between the Hours of Five and Seven of the Clock in the Evening.

LTI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Coal Undertaker ^"pa^the and Undertakers shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed and re- Coal-heavers quired, after the Delivery of the Cargo of Coals out of any such Ship or in full within Vessel shall be completed, and at or before Seven of the Clock in the ^'^after Evening of the Day on which such Delivery shall be finished, in case such eac(, shjp>5 Delivery shall be completed before Five of the Clock in the Evening, or at Delivery, or before Seven of the Clock of the Evening of the next Day after the Completion of such Delivery, to pay or cause to be paid to all and every' of the respective Coal-heavers or Whippers employed in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, who shall apply in reasonable Time, and attend to receive the same, the Whole of the Money or Wages due or remaining due to each of such Coal-heavers and Whippers respectively lo applying and attending to receive the same, for working in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel; but whenever the Day next after the Day on which the Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel shall be fir.ished, shall happen to be a Sunday, Good Friday,

Christmas Day, or a Fall Day by Proclamation, then and in such Case the Whole of such respective Wages so due or rent lining due shall be paid by such Coal Undertaker or Coal Undertakers to all and every such respective Coal-heavers or Whippers who shall apply in reasonable Time and attend to receive the same, at or before Nine of the Clock of the Day on which such Delivery shall be completed, whether such Delivery shall be finished at or before Five of the Clock in the Evening on such Day or not; and if any such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers shall not, at or before such Time or respective Times as herein-before for that Purpose appointed, according to the several Cases herein-before specined, pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver or Whipper, who shall apply in a reasonable Time and attend to receive the same, the Whole of such Money or Wages due or remaining due to such Coal-heaver or Whipper as aforesaid, every such Coal Undertaker so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Undertakers shall exend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent any such may deduO Coal Undertaker or Undertakers from deducting any Money which shall tile Money so be so advanced by him, her, or them, during the Time of the Delivery of ^,'en tlitr any such Ship or Vessel, to any such Coal-heaver or Whipper, or respective finally settle Coal-heavers or Whippers, in Part of his or their respective Wages, when witl> the such Undertaker or Undertakers shall finally settle with and pay off any Coal-heavers, such Coal-heaver or Whipper, or Coal-heavers or Whippers respectively,

4iter the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel shall have been completed.

47° GEORGII IJI. Sell’. 2. Caf.6H.

LIV. And Ik; it further enacted, That if any Undertaker or Basket Man, or any Publican to whose House Coal-heavers may rtfort, or any Person or Persons on his, her, or the:r Behalf, shall give or grant, or promise to give or grant any Money, or other Gift or Reward, to any , Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel laden with ^r^urt'ia'iUir ^oa'ls *n l^e l>ort of London, for any Permiliion or Privilege to procure Gang'of Coil- Coal-heavers, or for the said Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners, to heavers. employ any particular Coal Undertaker, or Gang or Gangs of Coal-heavers, for the unloading any such Ship or Vessel, or if any such Mailer or Maiteis, Owner or Owners, shall take or receive any such Money, or other Gift or Reward, for any such Purpose, from such Undertaker, Baiket Man, Publican, or other Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf, every such Mailer, Owner, Undertaker, Baiket Man, Publican, or other Person, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Ship Meters

LV. And be it further enacted, That each any every Meter superin* firat'-T^the" tendins Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any Ship or Coals deli-C other Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, and he and »ered into they is and are hereby required to give and deliver to the Lighterman or each Lighter, other Person having the Care or Management of the Lighter, Barge, or other Craft into which the Coals from such Ship or other Vessel shall be admeasured or delivered, before such Lighter, Barge, or orher Craft shall quit such Ship or other Vessel, a Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity of Coals admeasured or delivered into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft; and each and every Certificate shall be numbered, beginning wiih Number One for the First Certificate delivered, and so on in an arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall be always One, until the whole Cargo of Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall be delivered; and every such Certificate shall be witnessed by the Mailer or Mate of such Ship or other Vessel, anti shall be made in the following Form:

Number [here jnfert the Number of the Certificate.]

I A.B. do hereby certify, That I have delivered from on board the [here < insert the Name of the Ship or other V'cffrf, and also the M after's ‘ Christirm and Surname'] Mailer, from [here insert the Name of the Port

where the Coals were put on board] of [here insert the Name by which the ‘ Coals arc known] Coals, [here insert the Number of Chaldrons] Chaldrons,-‘ in the Room, [or. Rooms, if more than One] N° [here specify the Nun:-‘ ber of the Room, reckoning from the Head to the Stern] of the Lighter

[or. Barge, or other Craft] called the [here insert the Name of the ‘ Lighter, Barge, or other Craft] Number [here insert the Number of the ‘ Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and tbs Name of the Lighterman] Lignter-' { man, on account of [here insert the Name of the Buyer of the Coals, or ‘ the Person for whose Use such Coals arc delivered, as shall be required.]

‘ A.B. Meter.

‘ Witness C.D. Master [cr. Mate.-]

‘ Port of London [here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month ‘ and Tear in which such Coals were delivered.fi

, And in case such Coals shall be sold by Weight, the Word Tons shall be inserted in such Certificate or Certificates, in lieu of the Word Chaldrons; and in the making out such Certificate or Certificates, no Figure shall be 1 a i made

I I 96

Undertakers

not to give nor Matters to take any Reward for

1197

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 63.

made use of, but each and ever)' Word shall be legibly written at Length i live and except the Date of the Year, which may be written in Figures);

, nd every such Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, upon the Delivery of such Cei tiftcate, pay to the Meter or other Person superintending the Delivery of such Coals, the Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Certificate; and if any Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals, shall refuse or negltd to give or deliver such Certificate, signed with his own Name, and in his own Hand Writing, and drawn in Manner aforesaid, to the Person or Persons having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or shall wilfully give or deliver the fame with a wrong or false Number of the Certificate inferred therein, or with a wrong or false Name of the Ship or other Vessel, or of the Matter, or of the Pe rt where the Coals were put on board such Ship or other Vessel, or of the Name or Names, Sort or Sorts of the Coals, or with a wrong or false Account of the Quantity of Coals admeasured or delivered into any Rocm of such Lighter, B rge, or other Craft, inserted therein, or with a wrong or false Name or Names of the Lighterman, or of the Buyer or other Person for whose Use such Coals are delivered, or with a wrong or false Momh or Date thereof, or of the Year, or without the Signature of such Matter or Mate thereto, or make use of any Fraud, Covin, or I evice, determined by which the lame shall be wrong or falle; or if any mch Matter or Mate shall refuse or neglect to sign any such Certificate when true and accurate, or shall sign any such Certificate, knowing the Whole or any Part or Parts thereof to be wrong or false, or if any such Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Manaeement of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, (had not ait a reasonable Time after the Coals shall have been so admeasured or delivered for the Purpose ot receiving such Certificate or Certificates, or shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, or shall, on the Delivery of every such Certificate, refute or neglect to pay the Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery' of such Coals the aforesaid Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Certificate, then and in every such Case, every such Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals so offending, and every such Matter or Mate so offending, and eai h and every such Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, so offending, shall, for ev ery such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum noi exceeding Ten Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Management of any L ghter, Barge, or other Craft laden with Coals, in the said Port of London, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver gratis, before any Part of the said Coals shall be taken out of any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, to the Holder or Holders of the Wharf or other Landing Place where such Coals are intended to be delivered, or to his, her, or their Servant, the Certificate of the Quantity of Coals measured or weighed into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and herein directed to be given to such Lighterman or other Person by the Meter admeasuring or weighing the Cords from any Ship or o her Vessel in the said Port of London, into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, for the Inspection of all these Persons who maybe interested in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals; and if any such Lighterman r other Person having the Care or Management of any such Lighter, £Lor. & Per.] 14 A Barge,

Lighterme* to deliver such Certificate to the Wharfinger.

1198

Ship Meters to keep Accounts of the Coals delivered by them.

Ship Meters to deliver Accounts to the Clerk of the Market.

4'?° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

Barge, or other Craft, to whom any such Certificate shall have been delivered by such Shi}) Meter, shall rei’use or negltd to deliver the fame in Manner aforesaid to such Wharfinger or Holder of such Wharf or other Landing Place, such Lighterman or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; or if any Holder or Holders ot a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, to whom such Certificate shall have been delivered, shall refule or negleci to permit any Person concerned in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals at all reasonable Times to insped such Certificate, every such Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; or if any such Lighterman, Holder of the Wharf, or other Person, shall wilfully erase, deface, alter, or destroy such Certificate, or be aiding or affiffing the rein, or permit or suffer the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sunt not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That each and every such Meter admeasuring or weighing, or attending the Admeasurement or Weighing of any Coals from any Ship or other Vesstl within the said Port of London, into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or on any Quay or Landing Place, shall keep a Book or Books, and shall enter therein the Name of the Ship or other Vessel, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered by him or them from such Ship or other Vessel, together with the Day of the Month and Year on which such several Quantities shall have been delivered, and the Name and Number or Numbers marked or described on the Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Division of such respective Lighter, Barge, or Craft, or the Name of the Quay or Landing Place into or upon which such Coals have been delivered; and such Entry or Entries shall, when all the Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall have been delivered, be signed by such Meter or Meters, and witnessed by the Master or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Ship or other Vessel; and such Meter or Meters shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, gratis, a Copy of the respective Entries from such Book or Books to the Clerk of the said Market, with the Factor or Factors Name or Names inscribed thereon, within Twenty-four Hours after the unloading thereof of Coals; and every such Clerk is hereby required to receive and preserve all such Copies of the Entries contained in such Book or Books; and if any such Meter shall make a false Entry or Entries in such Book or Books of the Name of such Ship or other Vessel, or of the Quantity of Coals delivered thereout, or of the Day, or Month, or Year, or of the Name or Names, or Number or Numbers of the Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, or of the several Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Division of each respective Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or of the Name of any Quay or Landing Place into or upon which the Coals from such Ship or other Vessel shall have been delivered, or shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Copies of the Entries contained in such Book or Books to such Clerk within the Time aforesaid, or if the Master or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Ship or other Vessel shall refule or neglect to witness such Entry or Entries, 5 when

ii99

4 7°CxEORGII ni. Seli. 2. Cdp\ 68:

when true and correct, or shall knowingly witness any such false Entry or Entries, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to receive and preserv such Entry or Entries, Book or Eooks, or shall refuse or not permit the Inspechion or Perusal thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, at any Time or Times during such Days and Hours as such Market shall be kept open, every such Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

llVflJ. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Owner or Owners, Penalty for Mailer or Matters. Mate or Mates, Coal Undertaker or Undertakers, Vat'from Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or his or their Agents, or any Coal-heaver or being filled Whipper, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall, directly or according^ indirectly, in any Manner prevent or attempt to prevent any Meter, who 1 shall be engaged in the Admeasurement or Delivery, or in superintending ° C"L 1 '*

the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of London, from having the Vat or other Measure filled according to the Directions of such Meter employed in the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals from on board such Ship or Vessel, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Stage or Spout or Spout, by which any Coals shall be (hot from any such Ship or Vessel within the Port of London, into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall be pro- Coals from vided by the Master or Owner of such Sliip or Vessel, and that every such Ships to be Stage or Spout used for such Purpose, and so to be provided as aforesaid, shall be of not less than the respective Dimensions following, that is to say, Owner °and Five Feet Six Inches wide at the Top, Four Feet Six Inches wide at the of what Di Bottom, and Ten Inches high at the Sides, and of a proper Length, as the mentions the Cafe may require; and if any such Mailer or Owner shall neglect to pro- fame shall *' vide for his Ship or Vessel such Stage or Spout, of such respective Dimensions as aforesaid, or shall not use or cause to be used such Stage or Spout when it shall be necessary or proper to use such Stage or Spout for the (hooting or delivering of any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, within the said Port of London, then and in every such Case every such Master or Owner so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That when the Whole of the Cargo of when a Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel shall be purchased by and fold Cargo of in Shares to different Buyers in the said Market, or their Clerks or Agents, who shall have been lawfully authorized as aforesaid, and who shall have guvcl's j,ow previously delivered in such Authority in Writing to the Clerk of the said to be deliver. Market as aforesaid, on the Behalf of any such different Buyers respectively, ed. then and in such Case such different Buyers, or their Clerks or Agents so authorized, and who shall have delivered in such Paper to the Clerk of the said Market, as aforesaid, shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required, within One Hour after the Close of the Market on the Day when such Purchase shall be made, to sign an Agreement specifying the Turns in which each of such different Buyers is to receive his particular Share of such Ca^go, and which Agreement shall also be attested and subscribed with the Name of the Factor or Factors, or Seller or Sellers of such Coals,

15'he Witness or Witnesses thereto, and such Factor of Factors, Seller or Sellers

47° GEORGII III. Seflf. 2. Cap. 68.

Sellers of such Coals, shall deliver in, or cause to be delivered in, at the ‘Sea Coal Meter’s Office, such Agreement when so ficrned and subscribed, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Cargo shall be purchased; and the Principal Clerk for the Time being of such Office shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Agreement to the Ship Meter who shall be appointed to measure or supeiintend the ' Admcafuretnent and Dtlivei y <*of inch Cargo, and such Mefer Hi.dl, immediately upon his Arrival on board such Ship or Vessel, deliver such Agree-snent to the Mailer or Mate of such Ship or Vessel; and each of such reflective Buyers shall be entitled to have, and shall have, the several Quantities of Coals purchased by or on the Behalf of such Buyers respective’y, delivered to them out of such Ship or Vessel, in and according to the Turns expressed in such Agreement so delivered to such Mailer or Mate; and when and as soon as the Delivery of such Cargo from on board such Ship or Vessel shall be completed, lech Mailer or Mare flrall and he is hereby required immediately to redeliver or cause to be reoEiuered such u Agreement to such Meter, and such Meter shall, and he i hereby re- 4 quired within Twenty-four Hours after such kedelive: y of the same to him, to deliver or cause to be delivered such Agreement to the Clerk of the said Market, at the Office of the said Market, and such C erk of the said Market shall and he is hereby required to tile every such Agreement on a bile or Files to be kept for that Purpose, which File shall be 0. en for the Search or Inspection of any Person or Persons on Demand, during such flours as the said Market shall be opep; and if any such Person or Persons so buying any such Share on his own Account, or the Account of himfrif and his Copartner or Cop ruiers, or as the Clerk or Agent on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, Ih.dl refute or neglefit to lign such Agreement as nhoresaid, or if any such factor or other heller shall refuse or neglaft to subscribo the same as aforesaid, or shall not delivef or cause to be delivered any such Agreement, which shall have been fc. signed, into the said Sea Coal Meter's Office, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Cargo dull be purchased, or if such Principal Clerk of such Office shall refute or neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Agreement so left at fitch Office to such Meter so appointed so such Ship or Vessel, or it such Meter shall reiufe or ncalefl to deliver Immediately upon his a rrival on board such Ship or Vessel such Agreement so received by him to such Mailer or Mate ol Inch Ship or Velfd, or if any such Mailer ;or Mate, to whom fuchj Agreement shall have been delivered, shall refute to permit any Person or Persons applying for that Purpose, at any Time before the Whole of the Cargo Ihrdl have been de- i livered, to inspect such Agreement, which shall have been so signed and delivered to such Mailer or Mate, or if any such Mailer or Mate, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, (I .11 in any Mannar obstruot, or attempt to obstruct the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Cargo in or according to such Turns, or if any such Mailer or Mate to whom ax.y such Agreement Utah have beeq delivered, shall not immediately aiter the De-Iivery ol such Cargo from on board such Ship or Vessel shall be completed, " redeliver or cause to be reddivered such Agreement to lu.h Meter, or if such Meter to jWhpui any such Agreement shall have l.een so redelivered fluid not within Twenty-four Hours after the iledelivery;hercoPmilir.rjlde-tiver or cause to h . delivered fuel; Agreement to the fad Clerk of the said M u-ket, at his Office in the said Market, or if such Chrk of the fain Market ’shall refute or neglect to file orcaull* to he til d any such Agree-nieut on sucl* File or files in M timer aforesaid, or shall not perrtrt any. AM ' ^Ptrfcjp* 1

1201

f 1 I V

if # VU w % fLm

B° G£ 0R.G 1 r III. ' Sell; a. . P^68.

Person or Persons whomlbevc -, ,®niflDejmHid,- to fearcfi for and inspetSt any such Agfjjernent, d)^|Lag i^h-Hour«s aforesaid, every such Buyer, Clerk, Agent, T.ifftcjx or teller^JVIrfttr or; Mate, Meter, or other Person so offending, shall forfeit anjy>-iv foi®very such Offence, any Sum - not exceeding the Sum tATwenty Ifounds j.und if any Lighterman or other Person having or ^prcjtending (to have, or^fojning that Care or Management of any Lighteja f{an|j. or omer Craft, ftail|^itJMit the Conient and Permission oi m* J^user or Buyers, or his or their Agent, whose

Turn it is load accordtig tex-the aforesaid Agreement; load, or direfit See leaded, anWii^W of C.JBb froi

or suffer t LOuanUA whatc Violation of the

Ken agreed achShjp

pay any Si I LXI. Preand

ft

n

acted, anyoneu Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, with any dafs from any such Ship or Vessel, out of or in urn or Odder of Worlving or Delivery which shall have a determined by and anionMt the disfeent Buyers of the Cargo of eff.l, or jjheh^r J^dtive Agents as aforesaid, every such oUicr Per®ao having or ail bating the Management of such c, or other Craft, (bah, for every such Offence, forfeit and not exceeding the Sum Sol Tyenty Pounds.

ded always, and itris hereby further enacted, That it shall r®d may be lawful to and for any Lighterman of Lightermen to enter into Copartnership with any Wood monger or Wcodmoii^ers, or other Person of Perl'ons whomsoever in the Trade or Business of a Coal-Dealer or Coal Dealers, and to cai ry on as Copartner or Copartners with such Person or Persons such Tracle or Business of a1 Coal Dealer or Dealers, and to keep, use, and employ, as such Copartners, their own Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, in and for the carrying of Ooalp to and from any such Ship or other Vessel in the River Thames, and to and from any Wharf, Dock, Creek, or other Place whatsoever, on or near the said River Thames, without being subject to any Penalty or Penalties for any such joint trading together, any Act, Statute, Bye Law, or Ordinance whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to authorize or empower any Lighterman or Lightermen to be or become jointly interested with any Woodmonger or Woodmongers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, (not being a Lighterman or Lightermen), in the Trade or Business of carrying in Lighters fcfc Hire any Sort or Description of Goods whatsoever, other than and except only such Coals as may be lightered by them in their said Trade of Coal Dealers.

DXII. And whereas it would tend greatly to the Prevention of Fraud, if certain particular Quantities of Coals only were permitted to be loaded inwBargft;, Lighters, or other Craft, from Ships and other Vessels discharging their Cargoes efi Goals in the said River Thames, be it therefore further enacted, That if’any Meter delivering Coals shall load, or permit suffer to be loaded, from any such Ship or ether Vessel in the River

hqmes, into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a less Quantity than five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twentyt-one Vats', hr nnv Onantity between Five and OwVat or Twenty-one Vats,.at:

ry Quantity between Five Ten Chaldrons and Two

4 Vats, and bciwc(^T\?cnty-one Chr Urdus or Eigh^four Vats, or otherwise, I *| foith^fethere shall be a iefe Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or 9 {£«. -;r 14 n Twenty-

Lightermen, may carry on Partner-(Viip with Coal Dealer*.

Not less than 5 Chaldrons and one Vat, or some Multiple of that Quantity, to bedelirered into any Barge or Room of a Barge,

1262 47qGEGRG!I III. ! SefiW. Sup. 68.

Twenty-one Vats, or than feme Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, in any such lighter. Barge, or other Craft, or in any Room or Rooms, Divhion oc Invilions thereof, save and except for the Clearance of such Ship or other Vessel when thef Cargo is reduced to A a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and nne Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or if any Lighterman or other Person having the Career Management of such Lighter, Targe, or other Craft, fha.ll, without the Fermission or Consent of such Meter, take away hic^or their Lighter, Bafgef'or other Craft from ail}' such Ship or other Vessel. so as to prevent the fame from be:;!g loaded with the Quanta,' herein directed, then and m every Luch cp*every such Meter so offending, and every such Lighterman or pt Mr Perron so offending mail, for every such Offence, forfeit and fw any Sum not mtceedin Twenty Pounds. ty*

; P &' " ^mk '9

But Coals LXIII. Trovided always, and be it enacted/ That riothiW herein con-

ma> be loaded tained ii\a.ll extend or be conit rued, to extend to prevent the Shooting^br mf Delivery-of Coals in Bulk from any such Ship or Vessel into any partitioned or divided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, iii case the Lighterman, or other Person-having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or Craft- shall desire to have his Coals so loaded in Bulk: Provided nevert holds, ' that the Quantity of Coals so to be loaded or delivered in Bulk shall a 1 way's con fill of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, so that there shall not be any Quantity less than Five* Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or than some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Tw enty-one Vats, in any such Lighter, Barge, or other. Craft so loaded in Bulk, save and except for the Clearance of such Ship or Vessel when the Cargo is reduced to a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-, one Vats.

Meter not to

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Meter or other Person

deliver Coala (hoot or deliver, or shall permit, suffer, or cause to be (hot or delivered

Bo^es'or L0111 any Ship or other Vessel in the Port of London, any Coals into into° Rooms any open or undivided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or into any Room of Barges or Division of any divided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, containing any Coals obtained or received from any other Ship or Vessel, or from any other Lighter, Barge, or Craft, or from any other Place' whatsoever, save and except from the Ship or other Vessel from which such Meter or other Person shall be fhoodng or delivering Coals, or fhr.Il be in anywise aiding { or afhfting the rein, then and in every such Case every such Meter, andbVery such other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

having Coals in them before.

Except into

empty

Rooms.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to prevent or hinder the Shooting and Delivery of Coals into any empty Room or Rooms of any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or into the vacant or unloaded End or Part of any open of undivided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft.

Iff)

In case LX

VI. Provided also, and be it, goaded, That as often as it shall happen

Barges have that any Lighter, Barge, or Crab, or any Room of any divided lighter, Parge> or other Craft, which ir.aynatTbeeU loaded by the Rooim shall, board, Coal's by reason of its having been ’maced with the Clearance of any Arch Ship, of the fame 9 ip

jl

47° GEORGII in Stff.4. 63. uoj

I,

or VeflfeU contain any Quantitvlulis than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty«r-e Vats, or any Quantity' winch shall not be some Multiple of Five Chaldjrous; and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, then an<4 in such Clajlp nothing liereia-berore confined shall extend or be condrued to extend to prevent the Shooting dp-I)e!ivery from my offer or different Ship or Vessel into such Lighter, Barge, or Craft, o^Roolm of any such Ijghttr, Barge, < x Craft, so coffajiiing Ju^h deficicnr^Clearlmce of such former Ship, any,)uantity of Coals, ptjoyided that such ^dgtitfSnal Coafc be of the same Kind or Defcnfption of Coals ?c tlmfe whltff may have bcln cleared out of such tint Sliip, and provided the Certificate or Certificates of the Meter'or Met rs drom the Ship'from whence such Lighter, Barge, or,other Craft fir II have been in part loaded, lurpreviouilv pr6-duced to'-the Meter on board the Ship from which such Lighter, Barge, or other Crafrihall be so filled up, and provided liffwife that such Lighter, Barge, or cither Craft, or such Room. when so filled up, shall contain either: Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats' of Coals, or some Multiple ol Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-opc Vats.

Sort may be put therein,

on the Pro

duflion of the Certificate from the for in r Ship

I.XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Meter Ilia!! give a Penalty on Certificate Tor die Delivery, of any"Parcel or Quantity of Coals from any Slip Met re Sliip or other Vessel, within the said Port of London, without having duly l°r delivering; and truly measurtd the fame, or Ffuperjntended the Admeasurement of without^mea-the Whole of such Coals by the Vat, such Meter so offending shall, sunn^ the for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Coals. Pounds.

UVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Owner Oj* Penalty on ! Owners, Master or Masters, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or any Vender or G^'*

ri Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, or any Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall give or grant, or promise to give or grant any Money, or any Coals, pr any ether Gift or Reward to any Ship Meter or Meters employed in the Admeasurement of Coals' from or out , of any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, within the said Port of London, for or on account of such Meter or Meters having measured, or being about to mtafure, any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel for such Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or if any such Ship Meter or Meters shall take or receive any such Money, Coals, or other t Gift or Reward, from any such Owner or Owners, Master or Masters,

Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, , JDealer or Dealers, or other Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf, that and in such Case every such .3 Owner, Master, Buyer, Vender, Dealer, Meter, and other Person so ’ offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall S,ms rpfc;. extend mo fubiett or render liable to the said Penalty of One hundred fied in the Pounds, any Ship Owner or Ship Owners, Master or Masters, Buyer or Schedule no; Buyers ojf Coals, or Vender or Venders of or Dealer of Dealers in Coals, cist,

► or any Person on his, her, or their Behalf, for giving or granting, or pro-5 mifing to give or grant any of the several Sums of Money specified in the I, Schedule in this Act contained, and for the federal Purposes therein ® mentioned; but such several Sums in fucfiSchediile specified shall be paid tad parable by the several Persons therein mentioned to such Ship Meter

S # ... We if WJ* '

1204

For Renu'.n-farcmei.t of Coals by the Vat.

gk

0k

dfc

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. CaL 68.

14. |U

or Meters, 'any Thing jhcreiu-before contained to the contra!y thereof notwithstanding. P

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Purchaser or Purchasers, Vender or Venders of Coals, <4 his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting byjor under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, \render or VStUerS, respecttivply, shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals admhafurcd from any Sltip or other Vessel, and frail within One Hour after the Delivery oi such Coals into the Lighter, Bargje. or other Craft bcjr.ngrag to or sent by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and before such Lifter, Barge, or other . Craft, shall have left the Shipgr other Vessel from whence such Coals shall have been delivered, signify to the Meter on board such Ship or other Vessel, his, hef, or their Desire, to have the lame*remeasured, then and in every such CaJc, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Purchaser or Purchaser!, Vender or Venders, of such Coals, KV, herder their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or und. r the Authority bP such iPurchal^ or PurchaserS, or Vender omVenoers, t6 leave, or cause a Notice- robe left in Writing, at the Sea Poal Meter’s Office, defirfcg that such Coals may-vbe remealur^d, and foetiiying the Lighter, Bafge, or other Craft, containing such Coals so required to be remeasured, and where such.lighter, Barge, or other Craft, is then lying, and on the Receipt of such Notice, Two Deputy Meters from such Office shall forthwith attend to remeasure such Coals, and shall accordingly forthwith remeasure such Coals by the Vat, in the Presence of the Ship Meter who shall have > so measured such Coals into such Lfghrer, Barge, or other Craft, and in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, cf such Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants respectively, or other Person or Persons adding by or under the Authority of such Vender or Venders respectively, in case thgy or any of them shall attend to fee the fame remeasured; and in case the Clerk at such Sea Coal Meter’s Office shall neglect or refuse to fend such Two Deputy Meters, or in case such Two Deputy Meters shall neglect or refuse to attend within Six Hours after such Notice in Writing left as aforesaid, or to remeasure such Coals in Manner aforesaid, provided the aforesaid Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, be not taken away or removed from the Ship or Vessel from which such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, was loaded, then and in every such Case such Clerk, and every such Deputy Coal Meter so offending mall. For every such Offence, forfeit and pay, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and for such R emeasurement the Person or Persons so requiring such Coals to be remeasured shall pay the Coal Meters attending such Remeasurement at and after thu^Rate of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and the Vaf for remeaiuring such Coals shall be placed and affixed for the Purpose of being used for such Remeafurfeinent at the Cults and Charges of the Person or Persons so desiring such:R emeasurement; j. and in case the Coals so rJmklured shall either not amount to or exceed the Quantity mentioned in the Certificate of the Ship Meter, aq^eqifired by this Act, the Coal Meter who. shall have measured the Coals from the Ship or other Vend into such Lighter, Barge, or Other Craft, shall, in case fuel! Deficiency cr Excess shall exceed Four Lufhcls, and not exceed Seven Busheft in any Five Vat so remeasure.!, forfeit and pay lav every live Chr.Mrens

m

V.*- I

Ckaidrons and Out

1205

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap.b$.

Chaldrons and One Vat so deficient or exceeding, the Sum of Three Pounds, and also the Expences of the placing and affixing such Vat, and all other Expences attending such Remeai'urement; and in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Seven Bushels, and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, thin and in such Case such Meter shall, for every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat so deficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and also such Expences of fixing the said Vat, and such other Expences attending such Re-admeasureinent; and in case such Deficiency or E*cess shall amount to more than Ten Bufiiels in any l ive Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such Case such Meter shall, for every such Bushel in such Five Chaldrons and One Vat so deficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and also such Expences attending the Re-admeasuresment; such Expences to be settled and de-tennined by the Justice or Justices before whom the said respective Penalties may be recovered, and to be levied by Did refs and Sale of the Good- and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting all such Expences attending such Re-admeasurement, and the Costs and Charges of such Diltrels and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such costs and Chattels: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject or make liable any such Meter to any of the said Penalties for having given left Measure than the (Quantity mentioned in the said Certificate, unless and except only where the Coals which shall be so found deficient upon Remeasurement shall h..ve been so remeasured by the Desire of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents j nor to subject or make iiable ary such Meter to any of the said Penalties for having given greater Measure than the Quantity expressed in such Certificate, unless and except only where the Coals which shall be so found upon Remeasurement to exceed the Quantity mentioned in such Certificate shall have been so rc-measured by the Desire of the Vender or Venders of such Coals, or his or their Agmt or Agents.

EXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when upon any such Re-admeasurement taking place, any such Meter shall, for the first . lime, incur and become subject to pay any such Penalty for any such ' Offence, in having admeasured from any such Ship or Vessel into any 1 ighter, Barge, or other Craft, either a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity mentioned in the said Certificate, then and in such Case fc.ch Meter so for the first Time offending and incurring fu i Penalty, shall not be permitted to act or serve again in the Capacity or Office of Meter, unless or until he shall have duly paid such Penalty so incurred by ‘ him for such his Srft Offence, upon Payment whereof he shall be permitted to continue in, or shall be restored to, his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter’s Office; and in case any such Meter shall a second lime incur and become subject to pay any such Penalty for any such Offence, in having admeasured from any Ship or Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity expressed in the said Certificate, then and in such Case every such Meter so for the second Time offending, and incurring such Penalty, shall be ful-pended and incapable of aft.ng or serving as a Meter for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, at the Pleasure of the Principal Meters; [Ltc. Per.'] 14 C but

Ship Meter*

may be suspended from their Offices

if convicted of any Penalty for delivering false Measure.

1 20'5

When the CoaU are re-measurfd by the Deli re of the Vender, and the Meter shall be found not to have incurred a Penalty, the Owner of the Lightrr shall have a Compensation from the Vender for the Detention of his Lighter.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

but nevertheless at the End of the Period for which he shall be so fuf-pCiided, such Meter shall be restored to his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter’s Office, and be permitted again to act therein, provided he shall have duly paid such Penalty so incurred by him for such his fecund Offence; and In case any such Meter shall for the third Time incur and become subject to pay any such Penalty for any such Offence, in having admea-sured from any such Ship or Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity mentioned in the said Certificate, then and in such Case such Meter so for the third Time offending and incurring such Penalty, shall be absolutely incapacitated or otherwise suspended for any Length of Time from acting in such Office or Capacity of Meter, at the Pleafilre of the Principal Meters.

LXXL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any such Coals shall be so remeasured by the Desire of the Vender or Venders of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents, and upon such Remeasurement taking place, the Meter who shall have measured such Coals shall be found ifek to have incurred any Penalty rn respect of the Measure of such Coals, then and in every such Case such Vender or Venders, or his or their Agent oV Agents, who shall have desired such Remeasurement on the Behalf of lu£h' Vender or Venders, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid to the Owner cr whers of the Lighter, Barge, or, other Craft, in which such Coals shall have been so remeasured,’such Sum’ or Sums of Money, not exceeding '1 wo Shillings and Sixpence per Hour, as and by way of a Contpensation for the Time during which such Lighter, Barge, or Craft, shall have been detained in consequence of such R emeasurement, as any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the City of Lindon. or Counties of Middlesex, F.jfex, Kent, or Surry, according to the Jurisdiction, shall award, on the Application of such Owner or Owners of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, over and above all Colts arid Expences of any such Application; and every' such Application to any such Justice or Justices shall be made by such Owner or Owners of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, within Three Days next after the Day on which such Remeasurement shall take place, and if the bum or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be awarded by such Justice Or Justices to be paid by any such Vender or Venders, or his or their said Agent or Agents, to any such Owner or Owners, by way of such Compensation for such Detention of his or their Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall not be immediately paid accordingly, then and in every such Case, such respective Sum or Sums of Money shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Vender or Venders, or of his or their said Agent or Agents, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by any such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Costs and Charges of making any such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for want of Distress, and in case the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid to any such Owner or Owners of any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall not be immediately paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Vender or Venders, or his or their said Agent or Agents, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or Place for winch such Justice or Justices shall act, there to remain without Bail or Mainpii^e for any Term not exceeding

I 20 'I

4 7° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. ,6fl.

exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be fboner paid, and every such Award, Order, and Proceeding of any such Justice or Justices shall be-final, binding, and eonclutive, and no such Proceeding shall. be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wtjbninster or elsewhere.

LXXII. And whereas by the said several Acts made for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-lc-Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of MuidJcsex, which Acts were Act 4.2 G.j. further continued, with divers Alterations and Amendments, by the said c. 69. recited Act, made in the Forty-iecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty-fourth Day ot Juste One thousand eight hundi ed and seventeen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, were empowered to nominate and appoint Two Persons,.by the Name of ‘ The Principal Land ‘ Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster,’ and in case of the Death or Removal of the Perfotts so nominated or appointed to appoint others in their Room or Stead; and such Nomination and Appointment have from Time to Time been made accordingly; be it therefore enacted.

That John Baker, of Northumberland Street, Westminster, Gentleman, and Principal Alexander Tullocb, of Saint Alban’s Street, Westminster, Gentleman, the Land Miters Two Persons lad so nominated and appointed by His present Majesty, and now holding and exereiling, by virtue of such or some of such Acts, the \Veftminller Office of Principal Land Coal Meters for the City of Westminster, shall re- to continue main and continue such Principal Land Coal Meters, for the Purpose of >n t, K,r admeasuring Coals within the City and Liberty' of Westminster, and for °®ce* that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Maryde-Bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Ho!born, as lies in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned (save and except he or they shall die or be removed from such Office or Offices by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, which Removal His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, is and are hereby empowered to make) until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, when the fame, or any other Person or Persons may be nominated and appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and iucceiVors, as Principal Land Coal Meter or Land Coal Meters.

LXXIII. And whereas by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in'ituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the Ctt'i of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between lower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex; which Ad was continued v ith divers Alterations and Amendments by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the hirft Hay of flute ne thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Pai liament, certain Persons have been from lime to Time nominated and appointed as the Principal Meters or Mana-14 Sei's

I 203

Principal Meters already appointed for London to continue.

Upon the Death of any one of the present Three Principal Meters for London, the Number to be reduced to Two.

Upon any Vacancy happening hereafter. Court of Common Council to have the Appointment of the Principal Meters for London.

Afl 46 G. 3. c. 32.

" GEORGII III. Sefl 2. Cap. 6*.

gers of the Office called by the Name of ‘ The Land Coal Meter’s Office ‘ for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse ‘ Hole, in the County of Middlesex be it therefore enacted, That William Anderson of Gracechurch Street London, John Hawkins of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and John Ratray of Islington, in the same County, shall be and remain and continue, and they are hereby appointed the Principal Meters or Managers of the Land Coal Meter’s Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals iold by Wharf Measure within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and be'ween Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and also for other Purposes in this Act mentioned, for and during their joint Lives, (save and except he or they shall happen to be difinifled front such Office or Offices), and upon the Death or Dismissitl of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, the Number of Principal Meters or Managers of the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City of London, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, shall be reduced 10 1 wo; and that in all future Times, front and after such Death or Difniiffal of any One of them, the said William, Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, the Number of Principal Meters or Managers for the said C.iry of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, shall be and continue to be not more nor less than Two; and upon and front and after such Death or Dismissal of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, the Two others, or Surv vors of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, shall respectively remain and continue the Two Principal Meters or Managers fur the said Ciiy of London, and between the Tower of London and Limebcuje Hole, in the County of Middlesex, until he or they shall die, or happen to be dismissed from such Office; and when or in case either of such Two others, or Survivors of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, shall die, or happen to be dismissed from such Office, and so front Time to Time and at all Times thereafter, when and as often as any Principal Meter for the said City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the said County of Middlesex, shall die, or be dtintilfed or lulpenutd from such Office, or shall become incapable of acting in the Execution of such OiBce, or the Time for which any such Principal Meter or Manager shall be nominated and appointed to such Office shall expire, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any other Person a Principal Land Coal Meter or Manager, in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who fhaiidie, be so dismissed or suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whole Time limited for the Execution of such his Office shall expire.

LXXIV. And whereas by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing of Frauds and Abifes in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals, within the several Parishes lying betwt en the Parishes of Egham and Rotherhithe, both inclujtve, in the County of Surry, Joseph Burnett, of the Parish of Strcatham, in the said County of Surry. Gentleman, and Francis Bigg, of the Par.fh of Saint Mary Newington, in the said County of Surry,

Gentleman,

4.70 GEORGII IU. Sess. )%. r\Gap. 6S; i-2pa

Gentleman, were nominated ‘ Principal Land Coal Meters for executing ‘ the Provisions of the said A«, for, and during the Term of Twenty-one

« Years next ensuing from the Commencement of the said Act;’ be it therefore enacted, Tl}at the said Joseph Burnett, and Jrancis Bigg, or the rea(]y Surwwp of them*, fp appointed by. virtue of the said Act as such Principal nated fot^ur-Land Coal Meters, or Alieter, fha.il remain and continue such Principal rv to cox>ti-Land Coal Meters or Meter for the Amneafi^rement of Coals sold by Wharf nue’

Measure within the ffiveral i‘arilhcsoi'£g/;w/«, Thorpe, Chert/y, U’cybridge,

Walton on Thames, Wcji M.oulfe.y, Thames Bitten, Kingston, Richmond',

Mortlake, Barnes, Croydon, hlitcCm, Putney, WandJaiorth, Battersea,

Lambeth, Chr.Jh/rarch, lfewington, Saint George in the Borough of Souths work, Saint §aviaurs, jSqint Qfavc, Saint Thomas, Safnt John, Saint Mary Magdalen BermouJfcy, and Saint jMary Rotherhithe, all in the said; County of Surry, and for ott^r Purposes in this Act mentioned, (save-gnfl except he or they shall be suspended or removed from such Office or Offices), until the Sixtenth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, and from thence to the ' j

End of the next geihon of Parliament.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when and as og in.case any Hfe Majesty Principal Land Meter <or Principal Land; Coal Meters - fa% the City t» appoint and Liberties of Westminster, and for that Part- of^th.e Duchy,of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the ljexeral Parishes of Saint Giles iip.thqFields, Meter* for Saint Mar.rde-Bo/ie^ar.d, for such. Part, of the Eariffi of; $aiift\4ndrcui w«ftminft« Holbern as lies in tjip County sof Mjddkfe.x, shall die, or shall incapable upon «»y of acting'in,the Execution ofhjs.or their Office or Office^, or shall be r$T Vacancy* moved therefrom as aforesaid, oj the Time limited for the; Execution of such Office or Offices shall expire, it ffialfand may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to nominate dr appoint any other Person as a Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Room oy §tead'of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dimmied, removed, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whose Time , c

limited'for the Execution of his Office fha.il expire, and so, to\ies quoties, i

as often as any such Ca|e shall happen. ,

LXXVI. And be it further enactetl-,’.That; h shall and maybe lawful Principal to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Miadle/ex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, in Generalor Quarter Sessions afiemtled, and WeitminiUr they are hereby authorized and, required to enquire into, and hear and puiufliahlr by determine any Complaint of Fraud or Misbehaviour of the Principal Land J> ftictOor Coal Meter cr Principal Land Coal, Meters for the Time being, for the Neget'"

City and Liberty of WcjinutiJler, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the said several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Field!, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, or any or either of such Principal Land Coal Meters, in the same Manner as they are by Law authorized to enquire into, hear, and deteimme Misdemeanors; and if any such Principal Land Coal Meter shall be found guilty of any Fraud,

Neglect, or Misbehaviour, he shall forfeit and pay for the I fe of His Majesty. His Heirs and Successors, such Fine as such Court before w hem such Complaint shall be made shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pcunds, together with such Colls as the Court shall think proper to award and drest.

tLoc.&Per. j* 14 D

t 2*0

tliouring il Meter*

>r 'tthftmin-it< r subject iothe Control of Juf* tic».

Land Coal Mete --r City of Lon don fu >jift u> (he Loid Mayor and Aldermen.

Common Council to appoint the Labouring Land Coal Meters for London, who »rc not to be let* man Forty-hve in Humber.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 68.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That each and ever}- Labouring Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent, or Servant of the several and respective Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holb'rn as lies in the County of Middlesex, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be subject to the Power, Juril'distion, and Controul of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or lor the City and Liberty of Westminster, in General or Quarter Session assembled, and shall and may be dismissed and suspended by the said Court from the Execution and Emoluments of his or their Office or Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, or Neglect, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof, all which Complaints may be heard and determined in a summary Way.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Manager or Principal Land Coal Meter for the City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the l ower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and each and every Labouring Land Coal Meter within such Dillnft, shall, and he and they is and are declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdictiott, and Controul of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London, and shall ano may be dismissed and suspended by the said Court from the Execution and Salaries or Wages of their said respective Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Neglect, Default, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; ail which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Court in a summary Way.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons, not less than Forty-five, to be the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex; and that when and as any such Labouring Land Coal Meter for such District or Limits shall die, or shall be incapable of serving in such Ollice, or shall be difiniifed or suspended therefrom, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any other Person as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Room and Stead of every such Labouring Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed or suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, and so toties quoties, as often as any such Case shall happen.

But Principal

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Meters fur may be lawful to and for the Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter for the

London may City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of London

suspend La- ;iruj Lmebotfc Hole, in the County of Middlfix, to suspend from their ter"pro- Office any Labouring Land COal Meter or Meters, serving in such Distrisf,

vide’d they who shall appear to such Principal Meter to have conducted himself or

report the themselves corrupt lyor improperly in the Execution of his or fheirOffice)

Suf ^enflon to ^ut nevertheless such Principal Land Cost! Meter or peters shall, and he

the Lord" ' ‘ I 'V 1 and

1211

476 G£0RGII ill. Sess.2. Cap. 68.

and they is and are hereby required, within Seven Days after any such Mayor or Suspenlton taking place, to report the Cause of such Suspension to the Court of Al-the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or to the Court of Lord Mayor inv"a"M and Aldermen of the City of London; and it shall and may be lawful to Dayi. and for the said Lord Mayor, or the said Court, upon such Complaint being brought and heard before the said Lord Mayor or the said Court, either to order any such Labouring Meter so suspended to be discharged, or to order him to be rcinflated in his Office and reftered to the Salary or Wages thereof.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said "Joseph Burnett and Principal Francis Bigg, and each and every Principal Land Coal Meter for the Time being, for the several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and so?Surrey Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the said County of Surry, and each subject to the and every his and their Deputies, Labouring Meters, or Servants, acting Control of under them in the Admeasurement of Coals, or in the Execution of any SessionT"1*1 other Duties required by this Act, shall be, and they and each and every of them is and are hereby declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction, and Control of any General Courts of Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said County of Surry, and shall and may be dismissed and suspended by the said Courts from the Execution and Emoluments of their said respective Offices on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Courts in a summary Way.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That in Case of the Death of either After the of them the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg before the Expiration of *{*

the said Term or Time for which they have been and are nominated and tlle present appointed as aforesaid, the said Office shall be managed by the Survivor of Principal them (unless previously dismissed or suspended in Manner aforesaid j during Meter* for the Remainder of the said Term; and that then, upon and from and after churchwar-the Expiration of such Term, or in case both the said JoJ'eph Burnett and <icns of tj,e Francis Bigg shall die, or be dismissed or suspended, before the Expiration different of the said Term, then, upon and from and after such Death, Dismissal, or ^antll<j‘ Suspension of both of them, the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg, and £^|on an(j also from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter, when and as often as Appoint-any Prineipal Land Coal Meter for the said several Parishes, lying between meutofths the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the said County of Surry, shall die, or shall be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or shall be dismissed or suspended therefrom as aforesaid, or the Time limited for the Execution of such Office shall- expire, then upon the happening of any such Vaaancy, it shall and may he lawful to and for such Churchwardens as herein-after mentioned, or the major Part of them, in Manner herein-after directed, to elect, nominate, and appoint any other Person to be and aft as Principal Land Coal Meter in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed, suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whose Time limited for the Execution of his Office shall expire, and so tities quoties, as often as any such Case shall happen; and every such Person so to be nominated and appointed Principal Meter for. inch Limits in the said County of Surry, in the Room or Stead of any such othei' Principal Meter, shall be elected, nominated, and appointed by such Persons, and

in

x 2.r,3

* 10 ftlioO riJrv

im*t. n:

NbnhfI

-too .! boe rw.'sM in< tm-G id er'j oJ d*>to’j'i lo fatjfu/.) laticup Mi t.wwlbc

Principal Meters may be re elected when their Terms expire.

Principal Jeter’s Offires .1,0 be kept open.

Principal Land Coal Meters to take an Oath for the due Performance of their JJuty.

4-'/° G E-ORGII III. Sess. 2. Ga$> 68.

ffi Manner and Form following, that is to ffiy, the Churchwardens of tht laid ,i*veral rand respective Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham, and $hibt Mary Roiherjflthei, both in?luftve, in the said County of Hfrry, ffiaU, by Nolice in Writing, specifying the Occasion, and signed by One ef!the. Deputies. in the hand Coal Meter's Office for such several Parishes yntluti) the said County, of Surry, and left at the Dwelling. House or ufuaj Place of Abode of.eich such Churchwarden, as soon ?s the fame can bq done niter an)' such Vacancy shall happen, be luminoned to meet apd al) semble at the said Land Coal Meter’s Office, at Twelve o’Ckjdfc at Noon, on a Day to be mentioned in the said Notice, not exceeding £>even Drysfromilhe Daffi theheof; at which Meeting fonleT^fqn. shall; be chqfen and flppoiattd to fucceod to the Office! of Principal' Land C.oal Mqt^r.fof the Lkijis aforesaid, and such Person as shall at thtj bffiyr of Two of the Clocked that Day be elected by he Majority of Perffins, being Churchwardens of the said parishes, as shall bf thea and there aiffimbled, shall b§ and is, hereby declared to be Pi incipal Land Cou). Meter for putting th^ Att in'execution within such several Panics in tl>p faitl County of burry , and every ffich Person'so to be elected, gyminated, ,y>r appointed.,tw:afore, laid, shall i be, remain, and continue Principal Meter fqy thp faiyl ffiveraj Parishes, within the said County of Surryi for and duripg the T^yla of TvOen.ty-One Years next enffiing ir.oin and after ihe Timephfucli hi? Elec* tion. Nomination, '-jmd Appointment, uivjefs he shall be sooner dffiniffccj or suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office. ,

' 7 - b--. )

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the Term or Time for which any Principal Land Coal Meter for any of such several and respdctive Didrids ffia.i) hay a been appointed shall expire, then and in such Case nothing herein, contained shall emend, or be construed to extend, so a? to hinder or prevent any such Principal Land Cqal Meter, whose Term or Time limited for (1 e Execution of his Office shall so expire, from being re-nominated, re-appointeij, or re-elected to hi? Office of Principal Meter.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if.any Principal Land Coal Meter, or Principal Land Coal Meters, shall refute or neglect to open, tmd deep, open, or cause to be opened and kept open, his or their respective Office or Offices every Day (Sundays, Good Fridays, Christ-rr.as Days, and Fad Days by Proc.amadou only excepted) in every Year from the Twenty-tilth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, from th; Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening, or from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, from the Hour of Six in the Morning to the Hour of Six in the Evening, every such Principal Land Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Principal Land Coal Meter in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed, before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middle fax, or City and Liberty of Wc/lmirjier, or for the City of London, or for the said County of Surry (as the Case may be) within their respetlive Jurisdictions, an Oath (which Oath such lefpcbUve Jullfces are hereby authorized and required to administer) in the following Words:

I A.B.

47° G E0 RGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 68. t211

I A.B. do swear. That I will honestly, truly, faithfully, and impartially F«.;most Ue c according to the Left of my fckill and Judgement, execute the Office <")all'-

of Principal Land Coal Meter t r the City and Liberty of Wijtnnrtjh r, and ‘ for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the fe-

vcral Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bone, and for

such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of

Middlesex, [er, for the City of London, ?rd for all the Wharfs situate ‘ between the Tower of London and Lime bo:ft Hole, in the County of ‘ Mtddkfex, or, for the several Wharfs situate ’within the several Pat idles

lying between the Parishes of Egberrn and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both ‘ inclusive, in the County of Surry, (as the Case may be.) ]

: ‘So help me GOD.’

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Principal Land Principal Coal Meters for the Time bring, for the City and Liberty of Wejbtinster, [,ret:rsfor and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the anj Sum " several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bone, and for io appci.ta such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of sufficient Middlesex, and the said Principal Land Coal Meters for the Time being ^"Inter. for the said several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham Mtiers Lr and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surry shall, and theirrefpte-the said several and respective Principal Coal Meters are hereby re- tiv!; Dif-speclively directed and required, from Time to Time and at all Times, lnas‘ to nominate, appoint, and employ, within their said respective Diflricls, afuffident Number of Labouring Land Coal Meters for the Eurpose of admeasuring Coals, and for executing such other Duties within their said respective Districts as are by this Act required to be done by Land Coal Meters.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable Labouring of acting as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Execution of this A d Coal Meters until he shall have taken and subscribed before any One or more of His f1(° '*te Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or for "tl" the City and Liberty of Westmmfle", or for the City of London, or for the said County of Surry, as the Case may be, within their respective Jurisdictions, an Oath (which Oath such respective Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) in the Words following:

I A.B. do swear. That I will honestly, truly, faithfully, and impar- Form of the tially, to the best of my Skill and Judgement, execute the Office Oath.

‘ of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of FVeflminster and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint ‘ Mary-le-bone, and for such Part of Saint And’ ew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, [or, for the City of London, and for all the 1 Wharfs situate between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the ‘ County of Middlesex, or, for the several Wharfs situate in the several ‘ Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surry (as the Case may ‘ be)~\; and that I will truly and impartially inspect and nteafure,

‘ or fee measured or loaded, all such Coals between Buyer and ‘ Seller, and execute such other Duties as are by Law required to be done by a Labouring: Land Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred.

'So help me GOD.’

14 £ And

[Lee. if Per.]

12 r^-

Labouring Coal Meters to attend at their Stations,

Notice to be given.

Penalty for Non-attendance.

Principal Meters for Westminster to pay not leis than 20s. per Week Wages to each of their Labouring Meters.

47° GEORGII III. TScIT.&. Cap. 68.

And the Laid Justice or Justices respectively, who shall adminider such Oaths, is and are hereby required to certify the same to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City of London, or for the County of Middlesex, or for the City and Liberty of Westminfi-.r or for the said City of London, or for the said County of Surry (as the Case may be) after, the taking of lueh Oaths or Affirmation respectively, there to remain on Record.

LXXXYI1T. And be it further enacted, That in order to prevent Confederacy, the Stations for the several and respective Labouring Land Coal Meters Dial!, once at lead in every Month, be changed by such several and respective Principal Land Coal Meters, and the said several Labouring Land Coal Meters shall, and they and he is and are hereby required to attend at the several Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Places, within their respective Didrifts, at which he or they shall be llaiioned by the said respective Principal Land Coal Meters, each and every Day (Sundays, Good Frid y, Qbrijlmas Day, and Fall Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twei ty-ninth Day of September from the Hour of Five in the Morning until Nine in the Evening, and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifth Day of March from the Hour ot Six in the Morning until Six in the Evening; tend if upon Notice being given to any such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters so Rationed, or Notice being left in Writing, at his or their Office or Offices, or Place or Places of Abode to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, to be named in such Notice, within the imits of his or their Station or Stations in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this A. Cl to be done by a Land Coal Meter, at any such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place; or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, to be named in such Notice, for the Purpose of measuring or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required of Labouring Meters by this Act, shall be given at the Office of one of the said respective Principal Land Coal Meters neared to such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, and such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to itch Notice within the Space of Two Hours from giving the fame, and' do his Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then anti in every such Case such Labouring Coal Meter and the Principal Land Coal Meter at whose Office such Notice was given as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

I.XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Coal

Meter or Meters for the Time being for the City and Liberty of WestminsUrx and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Pari (lies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bone, and such Part of the Paii ffi of Saint Andrew Iklborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, ffiiill and such Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter for the Time being for fuylt JDiUriel are and is hereby directed and required to pay or cause to be paid not less than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters who shall, at any Time hereafter, lerve in the Employ and within the Didrift of such Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every of such Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the Time that each and every of such Labouring Meters shall hereafter so serve in the Employ and within the Didrift of the said Principal Land Meters; and if any such Principal Meter or Meters shall n r -\ refuse

1215

Principal Meters for Surry also to pay not less than 20s. per Week Wages to each of their Labouring Meters, who shall fenre at any Station between Nine Elms and Lock Head, both inclu-iire.

47r° GEORGII IIJ. SeiT.;2. Cup. 66.

rejufe to pay or cause to be paid to any such Labouring Meter, demanding tJK'ftr^e,' the Sum of Twenty Shillings at least, at the End of each and every Week of the Time during which such Labouring Meter {Kill serve jn his-or their Employ within such Dill rift, ns and for the Weekly Wages of fych Labouring Meter, then and in every such Case every such Principal Land Coal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XC. And be it further enacted," That the Principal Land Meters or Meter for the Time being for the said several Parishes lying between the Pa-riffies of Egham and Rolberbitbe, both inclusive, in the County of Surry shall, and such Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being for such District are and is hereby directed and required to pay or cause to be paid not less than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and every of the Labouring Coal Meters, who shall at any Time hereafter serve under such Principal Meters or Meter-at any Station, or Place or Places, within any of such Parts of the Limits or District of such Principal Meters or,-Meter as lie between Nine Elms and Doer. Head, both inclusive, as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every of such respective Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the Time that each and every of such Labouring Coal Meter*

’shall hereafter To serve in the Employ of such Principal Meters or Meter, on any Station, or Place or Places, within any of such Parts of the Limit?

Or Diffriftof such, Principal Meteys or Meter, as lie bttwcenfAvw Elms jmd Dock Head aforesaid, both inclusive; and if" any such Principal Meter or Meters for such District shall refuse to pay or cause to be paid to any such Labouring Meter demanding-the fame, the Sum of Twenty Shillings St leaf, at tfte End of each and every Week of the Time during which such Labouring Meter shall serve ii) his or their Employ within any such Parts of such District as lie between Nine Elms and Dock Head aforesaid, both inclusive, as and for the Weekly Wages of such Labouring Meter, then and in every such Case every such Principal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be taken to extend so as in any Manner to fix or limit the Wages to be paid by such Principal Meters or Meter to any Labouring Meter in their Employ, who shall serve or be stationed within such Parts of their District, as are situate either below Dock Head or above Nine Elms aforesaid, in the said County of Surry. 7 1

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Prin- Coal Meters cipal La d Coal Meters, or any of them, or any of the Persons to be not employed tinder them respectively, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, g^e ^Qoau. during his or their respective Continuance in their Office or Employment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of their said respective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meters so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter arid Labouring Coal Meter respectively shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectively convicted before the said (jourt of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or before either of the said Courts of Quarter Sessions for the said County of Middlesex or Surry (according to the Jurisdiction as aforesaid) shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be

'for

1 2l6

I: 470 GEORGII. III. Seif. 2. Cap. 68.

for ever disabled from holding or executing the fame, or any other under tips Act

I.ami Coal XCC. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold and

Meter may to be sent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage, from any Wharf, WhaWiimer' Warehouse. or, other Place or Places within the Limits or Districts of any a sight oT of the find resperiive Land Coal McteVI, and also all Coals whatsoever iola, the ShipCer- and to be fcijt by Gang Labour froiy.or over any Wharf or other Place tiiicHe. where any Land IV(eter shall be f)ationedp situate within any of such rUpcc-tiv.cLimits or Diilrkts, shall, previously to such Coals being so font away, bet carefully inspected and examined by One of the Principal of Labouring Lt\nd Coal Meters within their respeebye Limits or Did Ids, in order that fitch Principal or Labouring Land Chal.'Meter may tee and be satisfied. that such Coals (in case of such Coal's being tent away in tiny Cart, Waggon,’ or other Carriage) are of <pe "SOTt or DefcVipt ion mentioned in (be Ticket' or TicketsbythisAddirefihd to bedciivefed by or on the Behalfofallynd, very Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Burcl]afer oV Pqrcna.iers fief-.pA ot-.may feq and be satisfied that such Coals (in'case of such Coals Uefrig *» be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sors or DescripJeir aC.ahd fir which the same shall be fold, and such Meter is hereby authoristtfi ad, re-! 'quired to demand of the Wharfinger or other Pei ion, 'with whom, the.Ship

Qerfificafe of any such Coals (Hall be 1'eft, at any Wharf or Piace for the Rale of any such Coab, such Ship Certificate, for the Purpose of p.r tiling and inspeblirjg the fame j and such Metd shall, and he is hereby hijiuh.-l tg-jcounterfigp such Ticket or Tickets, if such Jyieter shall be fatlsred tf at such Cq^Is are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall nof countersign the fame without being so fatiTied, any Thine herein contained to the contrary norivithstanding p and such Meter fiialk and he is hereby alb authorized and required when the whole (Quantity. of Coals contained in any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have bee i.ae*

Uvered thereout; to write, or indorse on the Back of the Certificate of such Goals the Word, " Deliyeredand if any such Wharfinger or 'othi r Be* flip shall refuse or negieci to produce and deliver to any such Meier fuefi Ship Certificate-on Demand, thep and in every such Case every such Wharf finger or other Eerson so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Stun not exceeding f ive Pounds; and.if any such Meter shall court* terfign any such, Ticket or Tickets, without having first inspected such Goals, and a lib such Ship Certificate, and without having reasonable Ground to be. satisfigd that such Coals are of the Sort described in such Vender’s Ticket, of if any such Meter shall not, immediately after the Wf o’e of the Goals contained in atiy such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for such Certificate of such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced, indorse the fame in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeif-ittgT’ive Popnds.

ulation TCIIT. /And be it further enacted, That all Coals sold as and for Pool vXrec’aTd Meafore, arid'to be sent ih any Cart, Waggon, or Carriage* from any to Coals fold Wharf or Place within any of the respective Limits of any of the said by Pool ,\lea- respective Offices, shall be loaded in Sacks, in the Presence of one of the sure* Labouring Land Coal Meters of the District, which Labouring Meter is

hereby authorized and requited to watch and inspect the filling or loading v 13 of

1217

47° GEORGII III. Sell 2. Cap. 62.

of the Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loaded, and it shall and may be lawful to and Tor such Meter to measure the Dimensions of all or any of such Sacks, used in any such loading, before such Sacks shall be filled or leaded; and such Meter shall and lie is hereby authorized and required, v. hen any Room or Rooms of Coals, in any Lighter, Barge, or Craft, are or is to be sold and sent from any such Wharf or other Place, as and for Pool Measure by any Land Carriage, to fee that the Coals so loaded and sent are in fact taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so# fold, and likewise that the Whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Rooms so fold, are in fact entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and sent away to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Coals contained in such Room or Rooms; and in case such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks ul'ed for the loading of any such C oals is or are of less Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it shall appear to such Meter, according to the bed of such Meter’s judgement, that any Sack or Sacks used in loading any such Coah do or doth not contain, when loaded, each the Quantity of Three Bushels of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that any such Coals sold as the Coals of any particular Room or Room; ih: ’! not in salt be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms so fold or to be sold, or that the Whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms shall not be entirely emptied out of the fame, then and in even- such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Meter to refuse to countersign the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to bedelivered by or on the Behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and if any Wharfinger, Coal Porter, or other Person or Persons shall in any Manner obstruct, hinder, or prevent such Meter in or from the Performance of any such Duty or Duties fe required of such Meter by this Act, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall, fqr every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That all and ever.- Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold and sent as and for Pool Measure from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the resptilive Limits or Diilricts of the said Principal Land Coal Meters respectively, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following; (that is to say),

Mr. A.B. [Here insert 1he Nunc rf the Purchaser]

‘ '"PARC No’ice that you are to receive herewith ‘ [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals ‘ [Here insert the Number] Sacks of LHcre insert the Name of the\ Coals

IHere insert the Numberj Sacks of [Here insert the Name if ikej Coals.

For impeding the Loading and Quality of which Ccals you are, on the

Receipt of this Ticket, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to pay ‘ the urderfigneci E. F. f Here irfert the Name of the Vender i the Sujn of

[Lot. b5 Per.] ' 14 E ‘ [Here

tool Measure Coal* when sent by a Waggon.

Form of the

Vender’s Ticket to he sent therewith.

J 21 8

47° G EO RGII III. Cess. 2. Cop. 68.

4 [Here insert the Amount of the Compsnfation eSrefled by this Act to I?

given to such Principal Meter or Meters for the hfpcclion of such Coals, calculating the prime as by this Act directcdj being at and al ter the Rate of

One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat sold to and to ‘ be received by you herewith; and by the same Act this Ticket is directed to be delivered to you before any of the t oals are {hot out of the Cart or ‘ Waggon; and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by ‘ which the Carman s directed to measure, gratis, under the Penalty of ‘ Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack which the Purchaser ‘ or his Servant or Servants may require, which Sack is to contain Three ‘ Buthels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Height of luJi Cone to ‘ be at lead Site Inches, and the Outside of the Measure to be the Extremitv of the Base of such Cone; and that in case of your being dif-‘ satisfied with the Coal.' now lent, you are entitled by the lame Ad to

have th-’ fame re-measured by the Bushel Measure, provided you imine-‘ diately an 1 before any more of the Coals than One track shall be shot or

delivered from the Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, in which the same are

brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Dclire to have the fame rc-‘ measured, to any of the Land Coal Met^is fiffiegs, and also to the Yen-

der or Vcnders of such Coals. E. I', f lioc insert the Name of the Under.]

‘ C.D. ( Here insert the Earne of the Meter, and ihe Office arid Place where the Office isJituated.f ‘ Dated f Here insert the Day of the Month and the Month and fear

when such Ticket was JtgVecLj'

And in case any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in CAals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as afore'aiel, and lb counterfigutd by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Pur-ohaters of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be {hot cr delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with any such Coals as aforesaid, then and in every‘Inch Cafe every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage; laden with any such Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket final! have been given by or by the Directions of tile Vender, in order to be delivered to die Purchaser, shall (having so first received the fame from the Vender, or an\ Person by the Order of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Put chafers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals Ih .11 be shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other 'Carriage,'every such Carman, Driver, or other Person aforesaid so of-v fending, {halt, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not cx-' ceeding Ten Pounds.

What Sum of XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, or Moiwy to be Dealer or Der.Lrs in any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and sent in paid to the a.iy Cart, Waggon, or other Lard Carriage from any Wharf, Warehouse,

" orot^ei' Rkce within the respective i.iinits or Districts of the said respectCuals fold tive Land Coal Meters, or any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and by ' ool iVi.ca- delivered by Oang Labour from or over any Wharf or other Place where ture. nnv Land Meter shall be stationed, situate within any of such respective

Limits or Districts, or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, i s&fL ‘ ‘ " Warehouse,

4-7° GEORGGM III. Sd ! . JL

Warehotife, or other Phc.\ "re ttt v d» r \* h\nf utk . !s I1: . ! he ib sent, shall, anil such Vender or Venders; Dealer or Dealer ;, or Occupier or Occupiers, is a cl are hereby required and dtrtcted to p.y it ti.e Principal Mc.cr or Meters for the Time being of the Luul Coal M er’s Office, with n the Limits of which any such V, harf, Warehouse, or o'her Place shall be situate, at and after the Rite of Cne Shilling for ever Five ChuidiofH and One Vat so bought and sent to the Pure haler or Pur-ch.-iers thereof, as and For a Compensation for he Trouble Qfsnfpefthig oi superintending the loading and fending away Such Coals; and such Money iTiali be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasere of such Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XCVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals sold as and for Poo: r Mature, Iroin lending such Coals to the Premises c such Purchaser or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Purchaser or Purchas."-; shall appoint (provided such Landing Place or Premises be not a C'al Wharf or P ace where any Meter shall, by virtue of this Act, be Rationed} cr from having fuel) Coils unloaded and delivered at such Premises or La rding Place, either by.Gang Labour, or in any other Manner, except in or by Means of any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage, without the Presence, Intervention, or Inflection of any I and Meter; and without being subject or liable to the Payment cf any bum or Sums of Money whatsoever to any Land Meter, for or in rerpe£t of such Coals; but in case such Purchaser or purchasers shall require the Care or Attendance of a Land Meter, then he, she, or they shall have and be entitled to such Attendance, upon feuding Notice of such his, her, or their Desire to the Land Meter’s Office, within the Limits of which such Premises 0" Landing Place, where such Coals may be so carried, shall be situate, and in such case such Purchaser or Pu chafers shall pay and be charged for the Attendance of such Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Purchaser of any Coals fold and sent to such Purchaser by any Lighter, Ba’ge, or other Craft, fom any Place within the Limits of any oi the Offices of the said respective Land Meters, shall think cr fuspect that the full and lawful Measure of any such Coals has not been sent, and shall, before the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have delivered up to the Purchaser, or to his, her, or their Servant, such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and buore Bulk shall be broken of such Coals, signify his or her Desire to have such Coals re-measured, then and in every such Case the Lighter man or other Person sent with the Lighter, 3a-ge, or Craft, in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall either continue at the Landing Place or Premises of the Purchaser of the said Coals,-with the said Lighter, Earge, or other Craft, until such Coals are re-measured, or shall leave such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft properly fattened and made fe-enre at such Landing Place or Premises, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the fame so to remain th^re until such Coals are re-measured, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty Shiilinrs on the I iplue;man or other Person tent with such Lighter,

Enabling PurcV.afers of Coals fold Ly Hool 3Mea-f re to have fjch Coals delivered without the Intervention of a Meter.

Purchaser* of Coals sent bjr Water may have the faitf£ remeafiired in case Fraud ii fufpc&ed.

1220

JjY whom Expences of

Renv'afure-U\ent are to be paid.

Conlr. fold determined by Pool Mca-fore not to be measured by the Bull. 1 without the Jjefire of tue Purchaser.

Coals (old by Wharf Mca-ire t be mca*ur.*d ia

4.70 GEORGII III. Sell a. Cap. 68.

Barge, or other Craft, and the said Purchasqr shall immediately fend or causeto be sent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to Ills or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the raid Coals are going to be le-nienfuwd, and also fend Notice in Writing thereof to any ot:e of the Offices of the said rtfpcc-tive Cana Coal Meters aforesaid, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whose Inspectiuti any such Coals may have been originally loaded) shall within Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Ollice of any such Land Coal Meter, attend from such Office where such Notice Avail be so left, to re-mea-sure the said Coals, d shall accordingly re-measure the lame with the BuAiel Measure, in Presence of the Vender and Purchaser of the said Coal?, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals re-measured; and in case it Avail appear upon the Remeasurentent of such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter as Avail attend for the Purpose of re-measuring such Coals) that such ' Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold then and in such Case if 'such Coals Aiall have been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall in case such. Deficiency shall exceed Four Buflrels and not exceed Ten Buffiels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Goals so re-measured, forfeit and pay lor eve y Bulbed of Coals so found deficient ill every Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Foriy Shillings, , and in case such Dcliciency And! exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so re-mcalured, then and in such case such Vender of such Goals'Avail forfeit ami pay, for every such Bushel so found deficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and Aiall moreover forfeit all such Coals to, ihe intended'Purchaser or Purchaser? thereof; but in Cafe my riich Coals so re-measured and found deficient Aiall have b.en fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such Case the Vender of such < oals shall forfeit and pay for every Buffitl so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and Aiall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended . ur-chafer or Purchasers thereof.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter so re-measuring Aiall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-measured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon ar y such Rr-measurement. the Whole of the Coals f. re.measured Aiall be found i s that the Quantity for which the Whole of such Coal? Aiall be fold, then and in such Case the Vtnder or Venders of such C als Aiall, in erde such rfefici ucy ih.-.I! amount to or exceed One Rufhel, pay the x-p-nt sol such Rc-admeasuresment, but if such Deficiency Aiall not amount to One buffiel, then and in such Case such Expencts Aiall be paid and borne determined by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XC. 1X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Aiall extend or be construed to extend to require any Co.;) sold as nid te ? Pool Measure to be measured by the Buffiel Measure pluvious to fuel. Coals being Laded and lent away in any Cart, Waggon, o- other I and ( 'f'age, from the Vender’s Wharf or other Place of Sale, lave and except by the Desire of the Purchaser of any such Coals.

C. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to be sold

as and for Wharf Measurp, in Quantities exceeding Eight Bushels a or

7 C ... " frim

1221

4/fc GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

from any Place or Places within the Limits of any of the said respective Offices shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labouring Coai Meters, (belonging to the Office within the Limits or District uf which the Place of Sate of such Coals shall be fnuate) by the Bjfticl Measure heaped up as by this Act is difeded; and the said Labouring Coal Meters shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to fill up any Buffiel or Buffiels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons so vending or contracting for the Sale of the said Coals, or so loading any such Coal.- for Sale.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Coal Meter Penalty on shall wittingly or willingly In Her any Coals exceeding Eight Buffiels, which Meter suffer* shall be fold or loaded to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, to be sent from jjLS 'vharf any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Limits or Distridof his (joa^to be Office without such Coals being measured in the Manner herein directed, sent out and shall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meters or without be-Coal Meter under whom such Labouring Coal Meter shall serve, within Two Days rext after such Coals shall have been measured, then and in Act (bailed, every such Case such Labouring Coal Meter shall for ever thenceforth be rendered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Coal Meter* Chaldron of Coals which shall be fold and delivered a^ and for Wharf Payment for Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place within the Limits or District Wharf Mea-of any of the Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters, and so in Jre ° 5‘ Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, shall bp paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Warehouse, or Place from which such Coals are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals, to the Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter for the Time being, of the Office within the Limits or District of which the Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale of such Coals shall be situate, and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the fame, a Paper Writing, or Ticker, signed by one of the Principal Land Coal Contents ef Meters, and countersigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and Meter’sTick-delivering the fame, in which shall be contained the Ghriftian and Surname to belent or Names of the respective Seller or Sellers or Vender or Venders, and also either the Christian and Surname or Names, or only the Surname or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, Consumer or Consumers of the said Coals, and the Quantity of such Coals, and the I)av of the Week, ?*Ionth, and Year of the Delivery and Admeasurement, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carmen or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the fame Coals, and also lh?il contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, she, or they is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, andfhtdl desire to have allluch Coals remufured, such Biflatisfadion must be expressed to the Carman before more man One Sack of such Goals is stot or unladen Tom the Waggon, f-art, or other Carriage conveying the fame; and that if such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be so dissatisfied, and shall deiire to havC all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggtai, of- other Carriage re-[Loc. & Per.} 14 G ' measured the Presence of a Land Coal Meter.

1

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

measured, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or any of such particular Sacks, then that such Delire mull be expressed to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals, which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall desire to have re-measured shall be (hot or unladen from the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which the same shall be sent, which said Ticket being thus made complete, and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning the fame, without Delay, to the Carman or Perl’n employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the Coals described in such Ticktt, to the Purchaser or Consumer therein natnrd, which said Picket unaltered, the Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the CoaL in such T icket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Confuintrs or Purchasers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, for the Use of such Purchaser or Consumer, and thereupon be, (he, and they is and are hereby required to pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified, and if the Labouring Coal Meter counterugning such T icket shall, after Payment or Tender of’ the Mer ge: Charge in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver fitch Ticket as herein before directed, to the Cabman or Person employed to cart, lead, date, or carry the Coals therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not; exceeding Ten Pounds; and if such Carmm or Person employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coa'u described in such Ticket, shall, after the fame T icket shall have been so delivered to him by the Labouring C al Meter counjerfigning the lame, either alter, or neglect or refuse to deliver the feme 'Picket to the Purchaser or Consumer'therein named,'or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Picket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shil-. . . - lings,

Penalty on CHI. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer in Wharfingers Coals shall, directly or indirectly, give or offer or cause to be given or foVMeters'bCS °fi"ere^’ to any Principal or l abouring Land Coal Meter or Meters, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges of the Metage of Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure, for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, fir every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Penalty on Meters receiving Bribes, or delivering false Tickets.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this Act, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited Ticket to any* Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman, or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Suni3 of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the JBuffel, or over and above

the

I22J

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

the One Shilling for ever}’Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight; or if any such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter shall wilfully permit or suffer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter’s Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured or shall countersign any Vender’s Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without seeing and taking care that the Whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have been first completely emptied out of, and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then and in every such Case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten' Pounds and be rendered incapable of ever serving the reafter in the Office of a Goal Meter.

CV. And be it further onafted. That if any Quantity whatsoever of Coals, exceeding Eight Bushels, fold or to lx- sold as and for Wharf Measure, shall be sent or driven in any Cart, Waggon, or ether Carriaeej from any Wharf, Warehotife, or Place, situate within the Limits or District of any of the said respective Offices, without having been measured by such Bushel Measure as is herein-after directed, or without such Meter’s Jicketas aforesaid, so ligned and countersigned as aforesaid, having been firit obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Coais, before any Part of such Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers then and in every such Case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CVI. And whereas it is expedient for the Purposes of this Act, that certain other Parts of the said Act, made in the Third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, should be also repealed, by reason that other Directions and Penalties are provided Ivy this Act, in respect of the Matters mentioned in such Parts of the said Act so made in the Third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, be it therefore further enacted, '1 hat so much of the said Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of the Coat Trade, as (after reciting that by ancient Custom in the Port of London, One Chaldron of Coals is allowed into every Score brought on hoard Ship, and so in Proportion for a greater or le'Jer Quantity, which is called Ingrain; notwithstanding which, many Persons dealing in Coals do load the fame from on board Ship bare Measure, without the aforesaid Ingrain, to the great Injury of the Con-fumer,) direcis, ‘ That ail Lightermen and other Persons dealing in Coals

who shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand ‘ ieven hundred and thirty, fcil to any Person or Persons any Parcel cr ‘ Quantity of Cords, as and for Pool Measure, videlicet, such Measure as ‘ is usually given and allowed in the Pool or River Thames, including the aforesaid Ingrain, and shall not, jufllv and without fraud, deliver to ‘ such Person or Persons, Buyers or Consumers thereof, the fuH Quantity of Coals so fold and accordingly measured from on board Ship to ‘ such Lighterman or other Dealer in Coals, by the Merer, together with ‘ the Ingrain thereof, such Lighterman or other Dealer in Coais inail, for

‘ every

Penalty no Vender for not delivering a Meter’s Tieket with Wharf Measure Coals.

Certain other

Parts of 3 G. a. c. j6. repealed.

1224

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds and so much thereof as directs, ‘ That from and after the First Day

of Aug'fi One thousand seven hundred and thirty, all Coals which ‘ shall be i.,..ded at any Wharf, Dock, or other Landing Place on the

River Th. mes, or any Creek or Branch adjacent or near thereto, and ‘ which shall be carried to any Place or Places within the Cities or Sub-

urbs of London or Westminster, or the Bills of Mortality, in any Cart, ‘ Carr, Waggon, or other Carriage of any Denomination whatsoever. shall he

carried to 'he respective Buyers thereof in Linen Sacks, feaied and marked with White Paint in Oil, at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, at H tjlminster, by the proper Officer there, which Sacks shall be full Four Feet and Two Inches in length, and Six and Twenty Inches 1 in breadth, after they shall be made; which Sacks all Dealers and Car- riers of Coals shall ule for Carriage of Coals within the Limits aforesaid and no others; and all Makers of Coal Sacks shall make them of the aforesaid Di ensions at the icaft; and that every Dealer in and Carrier of Coa's, who shall, from and after the First Day of Augtjl One thousand leven hundred and thirty, make use of any other t-ack or Sacks for Carriage of Coals within the Limits aforesaid, shall, for every such Sack he or they shall so make use of, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings and so much thereof as dire its, ‘ That from and after the First Day of August One thousand seven hundred and thirty, all

Dealers in and Sellers of Coals by the Chaldron or letter Quantity,

within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within Ten Miles round the fame, shall constantly keep and use, at their respective Wharfs. Ware*

houses, and other Places for the Sale of their C. als, a lawful Buftiel, such as is described in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual preferring the Navigation of the River '/Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham in the County of F.ffex,

and for afeeriaining the Coal Measure, with which Bushel all such 1 5ea- lers in and Sellers of Coals shall justly measure, or cause all the Coals they shall so fell by the Chaldron or leifer Quantity to be nteafured, and shall put Three Bufnels of Coals, fojullly measured, into each back be- fore described, which said Sacks they shall use, and no other, for the Carriage of such Coals to the Buyers thereof; and that all such Dealers in and Sellers of Coal- within the Lid Limits, who, from and after the First Day of August One thousand seven hundred and thirty, shall not constantly keep and use such a Bushel and such Sacks as herein-before described, and no other, or shall not so fill their Coal Sacks from such- Bushels, or shall otherwise offend against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Servant or Servants of such Dealer or Dealers of Coals shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand seven hundred and thirty, fill such Coals into Sacks without first duly measuring the fame by such Buftiel, such Servant or Servants shall, for

L 4 every such Offence, be committed to the House of Correction, there to'

4 be kept lo hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days nor less than Fourteen Days and so much thereof as directs,4 That all Per-'

4 Tons dealing in Coals, and using Coal Bushels and smaller Measures, shall,

before they presume to use the fame, have them fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper, and after they are so fitted shall carry them to the Guildhall, London, or to the Exchequer Office at Westminster, to be feaied

III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68. 1225

‘ or damped by the prop* Officer tlicrd, with a Steel Instrumcut, on.

the ufipermost Iron hr Copper IJoop and Strap, which Measures 4 shall be by them rttfedcHvely fccpt without any Alteration, and so used 'at their rhfpefitVe Places of Sale of their Coals, which Places cf Sale are herlfb'y declared to be the respective Wharfs, Ware- houses. Docks, Sheds, Cellars, or other Repositories for the Coals of ‘ such Persons as arc Dealers therein; and that all Persons dealing ‘ in Coals, who shall, from and after the First Dav of August One ‘ thousand fpven hundred and thirty, alter and make lei's any such Bushel ‘ or other Mealers, or any of the Sacks before mentioned, after the fame ‘ have been sealed ot marked as aforesaid, shall for feyetv such Offence ‘ forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds,’ shall be, and the lame is and are hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be made use of in Dimerfior? the Deliver}' cf Coals from any Ship, Veiled, Lighter, Barge, or other of £l»e Sack.*, Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or wi'hin such Part or Parts of the said respetiive Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and EJfix, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, except such Sack shall be made of Linen, and shall have been first sealed and marked with White Paint in Oil at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, Wcjhnirsler, by the proper Officer there, and shall at the Time cf making use of such Sack measure in the Inside thereof at dealt Four Feet and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch in Breadth; and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not, at the Time of the marking or foaling thereof, measure in the InfiJe Thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use or cause to be used any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within the several and respective Cities, Liberties, and Pans aforesaid, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, or of less Length at the Time of using the fame than Four Feet and Two Inches at the leaf! in the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth than Two Feet and One Inch at the le.ift in the Inside thereof, then and in every such Case every such Vender of or Dealer in or Carrier 0- Coals shall, for every such Sack lb unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, 11 r 1 fs than Twenty Shillings; and the Justice or Justices before whom such Convi&lon shall take place, shall cause every such Sack found unmarl t j, <— ficient either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Coals deli-Provide i. ' y;\ tb." the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour, may be Labour copy.; v ’ u? t! Use of such Sacks; any Thing herein contained to need ,ot be the coir i c.of notwithstanding. . gut into such

CVIII ,v ’ be it further enacted, That if any Labouring Coal Meter Penaityoi. shall r . . <ly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made use Meter per-

ol 1 . ’ 7 r carrying of Coals, of less Dimelilions than the

j: - i’ determined by this Act, at any Place or Place, within the Limits of the ' 'o ' ch such Meter shall belong, then and in every such be used.

( e t bouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, for-

' ' . 7 1 not exceeding Five Pounds.

I 14 U

12 26

What Bahet Me«ifure t > be made use of.

11 Ana. c. 17.

Regulation* of Measures smaller than n Bushel.

47° GEORGII III. BeSl2. Cap. 68.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of, for or in the Adnisafurtrnent of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the resp.’ftive Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the find respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and E(Jlx, as is or are fbuate within the Distance oi l'wenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such B ithel as is defer.bed in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act} for the speedy arid effectudl preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flipping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for afeeriaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been firtl damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westminster, or at the Guildhall, London, previously to the fame being so kept or uled; and that every such Bushel, previottfly to being so ‘damped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so [tamped or marked with a Steel Instrument on the uppermost Iron or Copper Hoop; and that every such Bushel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Bushel, all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bat'nel to he the Extremity of the Base of such Cone; and that each and every Chaldron of Coals thall con-fid of Thirty-six of such Buffiels so heaped, and so in proportion for any lesser Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders cf Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, thall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasuretnent of any Coals other than such Bushel as aforesaid, and so stampt as aforesaid, or thall in anywise dccreafeor diminish any such Bushel stampt as aforesaid, or thall permit his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every Inch Cafe such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals, so offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of, in admeasuring of any Coals, any Bushel other than such Bushel as aforesaid, stampt as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whoibever, thall in any Manner decreafeor diminiffi any such Bushel stampt as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively, for every such Offence, shall be committed to the House of Correction by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CX. And be it further enacted, That all Measures less than such Bushel Measure asaforosaid, w fich shall be fifed by any Person or Persons dealing in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within fitch Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, arid F.ffex, as as- or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall be fitted for Work and Use with '? Iron

1227

47° GEORGII III. SciT.i. Cap. 63.

Iron or Copper, and Hull, previously to being used in the Admeafufemen: of Coals, be sealed or ihmpt at the Exchequer Office at Wcjimwficr, or at the Guildhall, London, by the proper Officer, with a Steel inllrumeftt, on the uppermoil Iren or Copper Hoop; and that all such Measures so sealed or llampt shall be kept without any Alteration, and so used by such Dealers in or Venders of Coals, as shall fell any left Quantity or Quantities of Coals than a Buffiel of Coals; and if such Person or Persons shall diminish or make less any such less Measure than the Buffiel, or shall make use of any Means or Device so as to prevent any such Measure from holding or containing as much as it would otherwise hold or contain in case such Means or Device had not been practised, or shall use or cause to be used any such Measure when any such Means or Device have been prac-tiled, or shall use or cause to be used any such Measure in the Admeasure-ment of Coals, not so sealed or llampt as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Ven- Venders of . de s of, or Dealer or Dealers in, any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure c°als so!d 33 shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which shall have been made of fuiMRdratif any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale, by or fied maunder the Inspection of the Labouring Land Coal Meter Rationed or have them attending at such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, then and in every remeafurcd-such case it shall and may be lawful to and fcr such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such Coals arc sent away from such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale, to fend or cause to be sent to the Office of the Principal Land Meter, within the Limits or District of which such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale may be situate,

Notice in Writing, signifying, the Pefre of such Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have such Coals re-measured, and then and in such Case such Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, of or from such Office where such Notice shall be sent (not being the Meter under uhofe Inspection the said Coals were originally measured) shall, within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at such Office, attend to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly re-measure the fame. Sack by Sack, by the Buffiel Measure, in the Prdence of such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her, or their Agent cr Servant, Agents or Servants, and for such Rcmea-furement such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall pay or cause to be paid to such Principal Coal Meter, who shall fend such other Labouring Meter, the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case it ihr.ll appear upon such Remeasurement, that the Coals so remeasured shall exceed the Quantity for which the fame were fold, then and in such Case, if such Excess shall be equal or amount to, cr exceed Two Buffiels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter who first to tali) red such Coals shall, for every Buffiel so exceeding such Quantity as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with all the Expences of such Remeasurement.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman, or Driver of Carmjr. to any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, loaden with Coals for Sale, or to cany a Bud*, be delivered to the Purchaser or i urehafefs thereof, by any Vender or Venders

1228 47° G E ° R C11 III. Sell* 2. Cap. 68.

Vender.-! of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals from any Ship, lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Ware-house, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Wefbh'ujler, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part of Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Sumy, and Essex, as is or are (tiuate within the Difiance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid. shall not liavc placed on fonie conspicuous Part of his Cart, Waggon, or Carriage a perfect Bushel Measure, of the Form, Size, or Dimensions, and so Lamped or marked as herein-before directed (which Measure shall be provided by the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals), then and in every such Case every Inch Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, not having such Bushel Measure 16 placed therein or thereon, shall, for every such Ostence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Vender or Venders of, cr Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that Coals which shall be carried or conveyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage belonging to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, may be so carried or conveyed without the Carman being obliged to carry a Bushel Measure therewith or any Person or Persons being subject or liable to any Penalty cr Penalties in respect thereof, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Venders t CXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, or deliver Tick- Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Graft, or Rom any Wharf, FliaTure* Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, ox within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, or Efex, as is or are situate within the Distance pi Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, from any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered a printed 1'icket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is requited to deliver or cause to be delivered the fame Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser- or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be {hot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

‘ VENDER’S TICKET.

‘ Mr. A.B. [Here insert tie Name of the Buyer. J 'TpAKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith

F Herejnfert the Number] Sacks of [ Here insert the Name of the] Coals f Here inf rt the Number] Sacks of £ here insert the Name of the] Coals [_Hcrc infer t the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name if the] Coals; and that by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket before he moots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Waggon; and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by which the Carman is

directed

12 29

47° GEORGII III. Sell.2. Cap. 6S.

e directed to measure, gratis (under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any one §gck which the Purchaser or his Servant may ‘ require, which Sack is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form

of a Cone, the Outside of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base ‘ thereof. C.D. \fiere insert the Name of the Vcnder\ E.F. [Heft insert the Name of the Labouring Meter in case of the Coals being sent from within ‘ either of the DiJlriCis of the said respective Offices'^. Dated {Here insert the Day of the Month, and the A loath and Tear when such Ticket enas i fgnedf

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver or cause to be Penalty ca

delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Vender not

Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such

Coals shall be (hot or delivered drain such Cart, Waggon, or other Car- 1C ’

riage, every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, ando*

Driver of, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Car- C*"-riage, laden with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given by. or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the fame from the Vender,

or any Person by the Vender’s Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, cr to his her, err ;their Serv ant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals Peall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, every such Carman,

Driver, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such OS'ence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Carman Canr.an rear Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with Coals for qumed to Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by the g'^urer^t Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, ^ich Cart’. Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London anti Westminster or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry,

Kent, and Essex, as is or are Ptuate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall and he is hereby directed to measure, gratis, if he shall be required so to do, the Goals contained in any one of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants or other Person or Periods acting on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with such Bushel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Necessity of having the W hole of such Coais remea-sured in Manner directed by this Act.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any penalty o« Cart or Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale, or to be Carman for delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or \ enders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, \e(fcl. Lighter, Barge, or mejfuring tb-other Graft, or from any Wharf, Warehopfe, or other Place within me said sack.

Port of London, or within the said respactive Cities of London and lief min-fter or the respective Liberties thereof; or within such Part or Parts of the said respfcdtive Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as is or are {Lac. is Per.'] 14 / situate

12' 30

Coals lent by I-and Carriage to be re measured if desired by the Purchaser.

Purchaser to fend Notice to Meters'* Office if desirous of having Cods remeasured.

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 68.

situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, Ihuil r.eg'edl or refuse to measure by the said Rufhel Measure such Sacks of Cca's in Manner herein directed, when thereunto required by die Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, to be measured, or if any such Carman or Driver Stall drive away, or permit or buffer the said Cart, Waggon, or' other Carriage to be driven away without measur'ing, in Manner herein directed, the said Sack of Coals, or shall hinder, obfi rudi, or dthei wife prevent the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, cr his, her, or their Servant or Servants, <or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, from measuring the said Iieihel Measure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in such his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, then gild in ever)- such Case every such Carman or Driver so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pav any Sum not exceeding Twen.y Pounds, nor Ids than Five Pounds; and the Vender or Venders of, or the Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

C.XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall be diiliuisfied with the Measure of any Coals ibid or to be delivered within the Limits or Dili , trict of any of the said respective Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters, and sent to him, her, or them, in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, and shall signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, his, her, or their Ddire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such Case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall and he is hereby lequired to continue and remain at the House, Lodging, or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, until such CXals are remeasured; and if any such Carman or Driver shall drive avay, or permit or suffer to be driven away such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein shall be rem&liired, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, then and in every such Case such Carman or Driver shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

CXVJI, And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, so dtfiring such Coal contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, to be remeasured, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to fend or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or to hi.;, her, or their Wharf, Ware-house, or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be re nealured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, lb II, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fen l Nnice in Writing to any one of the Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters of his, her, or their Ddire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters (net being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured) stab within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Office of any such Principal Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left, at the

House,

I23r

47° GEORGII III. Sc(T.2. Cap. 68.

House, Lodging, or other Pretnifes of such Purchaser or Purchasers, as shall be expressed in such Notice, for the Purpose of remeasuring the said Coals, and drill accordingly rcmeasure the fame in the Presence of the Vender or Venders and Purchaser or Purchasers of the Paid Coals, or of hrs, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agent*., or'Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to fee the fame remeasured; and in case such Vender or Venders, or Pin-chafer or Purchasers, or his, her, or then- Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, shall not attend far the Purpose of seeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall pyoceed in the remeasuring of such Coals in his, her, or the-.r Absence; and such Meter shall and he is hereby required, at the Option or the Purchaser or Pi: ’‘chafers of such Cords, tore-measure such Coals, either by the distince Sacks, so as to ascertain the Contents of each part: . r Sack, of such Coals which shall remain in such Carr, Waggon, or ether Carriage, or else to rcmcafiire such Coals, in such Manner, and so a? to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together: and in case the Purdrafer or Purchasers of such Cords shall nor, either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter j signify or cause robe signifk-d, to such Meter, his or their Optionor Dcfirs as to which of the said two Ways he or they would vifh inch Remeasurement to be't;o . n or made in, then and in every such Case such Meter shall proceed to remtafure such Coals in fuel: Manner, andfo as to nfccrta'n the whole Quantity cf such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together-, and for such Remeasurement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Coal Meter or Coal Meters of or from the Office to which Notice shall have

Purchaser may at his Option either

haveth^ Contents of each separate Sac~ remeafored, or e!fe the Contents of all the Sacks sent, taken together.

been sent as aforesaid, Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured;

and in case, upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals which shall be so Penalties e»

remeasured as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it Vender in

shall appear to the Meter, so remeasuring the fame, that any Sack or e-afeof^e^'*

Sacks cf such Coals ffiaFl not contain Three Bushels, then and in evey such such R-mea-

C.afe the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, for every Sack of Coals futement.

that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement, forfeit and pay any

Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and in case upon the Remeasurement

of any such Coals as aforesaid, which shall be remeasured in such Manner

as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks

wherein the same shall have been sent taken together, it shall appear to such

Meter as aforesaid that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the

Quantity for which they were fold, then if such fast mentioned Coals penalty on

shall have been sold as and for Wharf Measure. the Vender or Venders Meters and of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every Bushel of Coals found de- Coal Porters

ficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals

so found deficient or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor wharf Mea-

of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remeasured, and the Labour- sure proving

ing Meter, under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured, shall, ^‘Remea.

for every Bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shil- piemen:/

lings, and the Coal Porters who shall have first measured such Coals

for the Vender or Venders thereof, shall, for every Bushel of Coals so

wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, but

if any such Coals so remeasured in the Manner last mentioned, and so

found to amount to less than the Quantity for which the fame were fold,

shall have been sold as and for Fool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured.

s232 47° GEORGII III. Sell". 2. Cap. 68.

measured, forfeit and pay for every Bufncl of Coals so found deficient in everjr such Fire Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and in calc inch Deficiency shall exceed Tea Bushtls in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such Case such Vender or Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every inch Bushel so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum o( Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that no Inch Coals so (old and lent shall be remeasured, so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, utter more than One Sack of such Coals shall have been ihot or delivered from such Carr, Waggon, or other Carriage, into or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any Tiling horetn-bcibre contained to the contrary notwithsta:id;ng.

Penalty on Meter, m case of any Coals fold for i^ool

Measure proviiihc deficient upon such Rcmea-fu remen t.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if ttpon such Remeasurement of any Coals fold and lent, as and (or Pool Measure, by any Waggon, Cart, or other Land Carriage, and which Rcmeasurement shall have been made in (itch Manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals, contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be Ids or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for. each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender’s Ticket of such t oals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender’s Ticket of (itch Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excels shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Twenty Shillings. t

By whom the CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any Esipences of fetch Remeasurement which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole such Remea- Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent, taken together, of any such so belaid"2 (-bals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the Whole of 1 ' such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which

'the. Whole of such Coals shall be fold, then the Vender or Venders of fejch Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of fetch Coals the Expences of fitch Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement which shall be made, so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks sent of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, it shall be found that One Fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sacks of such Coal , fold and lent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each ineffectively, then the Vender or Venders or such oals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of hu h par icular Sacks so found deficient (bad not amount to One-Fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks offish Coals so fold and sent then and in such Case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchase. or Purchasers of such Coals.

CXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after, any such Notice as by this Act direfeea dull nave been given by or on the Behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers at any of the said respective Land Meters’ Offices, ta=:r.g L*- requiring

47° GEORGII III. Sess.2, Cap. 68.

icquiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of such Offices, for the l*urpose of remeakjrinir any Coals fold cither for Wharf or Pool Measure, then and in every loch Cafe the Principal Meters or Meter for the Time bring. at any of such respective Offices or Office where such Notice shall have been given or lent, is and are hereby authorised and required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters from their respecttive Offices or Office, for the Purpose of making the Remeasureinent, and such respective Labouring Meters or Labouring Merer shall and are and is hereby authorized and required to remeasure any such Coals which they shall be so sent to remeasure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals shall or not be delirous of having such Remeasurement proceeded in any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and ii any such Principal Meters or Me ter, after having received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse within the Spree of Two Hours after the Receipt of such Notice to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging, or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers accordingly, or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall refuse or neglect to remeasure such Coals, then and in every such Case every such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters and labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so oiTendhig shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, shall prevent, obstruct, or interrupt, or attempt to prevent any such Re-measurement being proceeded in and made by any such Labouring Land Cos! Meter or Meters so sent determined by any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters in consequence of any such Notice, then and in every such Case every such Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage shall be flopped or detained for the Purpose, or under Pretence of re admeasuring the Coals or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage shall be entitled to the Sum oi Three Shillings per Hour for even- Hour the Cart shall be so detained, and lo in Proportion for any Fraction of an Hour, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals , which Three Shillings per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the fame, or any Part thereof, shall upon the Remeasure-tneiit thereof, be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in case the same shall not be rerneal'ured, or shall upon fticli Re-neafurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which such Coals were fold.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which shall be sold by Weight at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within any of the respective Limits or Dittrichs of any of the said respective Offices ci the said respective Land Coal Meters, and to be lent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be fold or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight confiding of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, and Twenty such Hundred V eight shall be and be deemed and taken to be One Ion; and ail inch Coals lo to be iold shall be weighed and loaded at such nN barf, V archcuic, or other Place of Sale, in the Presence of one of the Labouring Land Meters front [Lee. C5= J*er.J U-K

12 33

bouring Meter to measure the Coals.

Carmen l» be

raid j s. per Hour for every Hour when ilopt for the Purpose of having Coals femeuured.

Regulation as to Coals sold by Weight,

*23f

47° GEORGII III. Scfl,2: Cap. 68.

the OOice, within the Limits or Dill riot of which such Wharf, Warehcto[fe, or other Place of Sale shall be tituate, and inch Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to Superintend and inspect the weighing and loading of all such Coals so sold by Weight, in order that such Meter rtiav fee and be satisfied that in every such Load'ng the full Weight of Coals is actualiv given, which shall be expressed in the Vender’s Ticket; and such Meter may refuse to countersign tile Vender's Ticket of any such Coal;, in case such Meter shall not fee that the full and proper Weight shall be given according to the Quantity which shall be expressed ill such Vender’s Ticket, but such Meter shall and he is hereby required to countersign the fame, in case the proper Weight shall be given according to such Quantity of Coals expressed in such Vender’s Ticket; and for such Inspection of such Coals so fokl by Weight, there shall be- paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware* house, or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters for the Time being, within the Limits or District of whole Office such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place from which such Coals sold by Weight shall be lent ’nav be situate. Sixpence for every Ton of Coals lb weighed under the Meter’s Inspection, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, and such Sunt of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

Vendor’s CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of;

i'lnt^vHtlr *3C 01 ^ea*er or L)ealers in such Coals so sold by Weight, within the Limits Coals sold by or District of any of the Offices of the said respective Land Meters, shall Wei6ht. deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchrders thereof, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants* immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which such Coais shall he sent,

' and before any of such Coals shall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

‘ Mr. A.B. |'Here insert the Name of tbs Buyer3 ‘ '"pAKE Notice, that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Num-‘ *- Tv] Tons [Here insert the Name of the~\ Coals: For inspecting

which Coals you arc, in conformity to ati Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay ‘ me, the und.ersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum of 1 fHere insert the Amount of the Inflection Charge] being at and after the

Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coafij fokl to, and to be received by " vou herewith.

(Signe d) ‘ C.D. [Here insert the Name of the Seller.1

(Chiintersigned) E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Meterff

And in case any such Vender or Venders do not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Cords, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloaded, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Perfbri attending any such Carr, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with any such Coals, to whom any such Ticket shall have been given, by or by the Orders of the Vender, in order to he delivered to the Purchaser, Thail, (having so ft rtf received the fame from the Vender, or any Person

by

*235

4-° GEORGII III. Sefr.2. Cap. 68,

by the DirefKons of the Vender) refute or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals Omll be unloaded, such Carman, Driver, or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Coals what- Coals to be fijever fold within any of the said several and respective Limits of this Act, |old.frlthV five and except only such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in Manner ^bvt£ aforesaid, teal I be fold eiti'.er by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of chaldroaor Thirty-six of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or determined by the Sack, each BaflieL Sack containing Three such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Buteel as aforesaid, or by the Half BuffieL, Peck, or Half Peck:

Provided such smaller Measura teall be some Aliquot Part of such Bufiiel Measure; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Trincipa! the Principal Meter and Meters for the Time being for the said City of Londo/w London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tvtuer Dock and Lvnehouse rr0(iuce ltj,on HtL\ in the County of Middlesex, shall, and each and every of such Oath, before Principal Meter or Meters for such Diihift is and are respectively hereby the Coart cf directed and required to produce and deliver in, once or oftener in every Co-mc-Ttheir Month, before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said Accounts of City of Lordon, in Common Council assembled, or before such Persons Metage Mo-as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons teall for that Purpose ap- k^hlm'aifd pint, a full, true, and accurate Account or Accounts, in Writing, veri- --a-'-Thr" tied by Affidavit, of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which fame into the teall from Time to Time, by virtue of this Act, be received by such Chamber of Principal Meter or Meters for such District, for any Metage, Inspection, '"e '-‘T or Remeasurement cf any Coals which shall be measured, remeasured, or inspected by any such Principal Meter or Meters, or by any Labouring Meter or Meters within such District; and every such Account so directed to be produced as aforesaid shall, previously to the Production thereof, be verified upon Oath by such Principal Meter or Meters for such District, before the said Lord Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the said City of London, and which Oath any such Magi it rate is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Principal Meter or Meters for such District teall, and he and they is and are hereby also directed and required. Cnee or oftener in every Month, to pay into the Chamber of the said City of London all and every such Sinn and Sums of Money which shall be so from Time to Time, by virtue of this Act, received by such Principal Meter or Meters for any such Metage, Inspection, or Remeasurement of any Coals within such District, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Principal Meter for such District teall not. Once or oftener in every Month, produce and deliver in before such Persons as aforesaid, such Account so verified as aforesaid, or shall not, Once or oftener in every Month, pay into toe Chamber of the said C ty of London ail and every such Sum or Sums of Money as teall be so from Time to Time, by virtue this Act, received by such Principal Meter for any such Metage, In-ipeftion, or Remeasurement cf any such Coals as aforesaid, then and in e very such Case every such Principal Meter teal!, for every such Olienee,

-forfeit and paranv Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

r 1 ' CXXVL Provided

Application of Monies arising from Metage in the London Dill riel.

4.70 GEORGII III.' Sess. 2. Oaf),

CXtVr. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That out of the Monies which shall be so from lime to Time, paid into the fail Chamber of the said City of London, by such respective Principal Meters for the said City of London and Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse IIo!c, in the County of Middlesex, it Audi and may be lawful to and for the l'aid Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council aAembled, and the said Mayer, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, to pay or cause to be paid such yearly or other Salary, or respective Salaries, to each and every of such Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal 'Meiers, for the Time being, for the said City of London and the Liber.ies thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limebtufe Hod, in lheTaid County of Middlesex, as they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time think rcaionab’e; and it shall fmd may also be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, ar e hereby , also directed and required, out of such Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the Aid City, to pay or cause to be paid such weekly Wages to each and every of the Labour ing Land Coal Meters for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the said County of Middlesex, as the said Mayor, Aldcrmeii, and Commons, in Common Council aiferr.bled. Avail from Time to Time think proper to appoint: Provided nevertheless, that such weekly Wages so to be appointed for such Labouring Land Coal Meters, Aiall not at any Time be less than Twenty Shillings- per Week for each and every of such Labouring Meters: And it Aral! and may also be lawful to and for the said Mayor. Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aAembled, and they are hereby also direCccd and required to pay, or cause to be paid out of such Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said I ity by such respective Prin.cipal Meters for such DiArict, the Co As, Charges, and Expences of maintaining, supporting, and repairing the said Land Coal Meters’ Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex; and such yearly or other Salary, or respective Salaries, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aAembled, Aiall think reasonable to be paid to each and every of such Clerk and Clerks, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aAembled, shall think proper or necelf.iry to employ in such Office, and the CoAs, Charges and Expences of Coals, Candles, and Furniture for such Land Coal Meter’s Office, and all fr.ch other House Expences, relating to such Office, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall seem reasonable and proper: And in case and when and as die aforesaid Monies, which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City of London by such respective Principal Meters for such DiArict, Aiall be more than sufficient for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Land Coal Meter’s Office for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, ami between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and for defraying the said Expences of Coals, Candles, Furniture, and other House kx-p-ences relating to such Office; and also for the paying the Salaries which shall be appointed to be paid as aforesaid to the respective Principal Meters for the Time being for such DiArict, and to the Clerk or Clerks who

may

tty

Cl

1237

47° GEORG'II III. Sess.2. Cap. 68.

may be employed in such Office as aforesaid; and the weekly Wages of each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for such District; then and in every such-Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby also directed and required to reduce the Sum or Sums of Money which are by this Act Overplus to directed to be paid for the Rletage, Inspection, or Rcmeasurement of any ,>e applied in Coals within the said City of London and die Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehoifte Hole, in the County of Middlesex, to such Duties jCthe Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient for such several Purposes; London and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Ldlruft. Commons again to raise such Sum or Sums of Money to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum or Sums granted by this Act, when and so often as it shall be necessary for such several Purposes.

CXXVII. And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Wall’s End, Consumer. and to the Prevention of Frau Is and Iinpositions, of or L'ealers in Coals were refolded from mixing Coals of different HeSuurn Sorts, except in certain Cases herein txcep ed; be it therefore further Main Hca-enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Vender or ton Mam, Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the re- bum, Wii-spective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Pans of the respective lington Kil-Counties of Middlesex, Hurry, Kent, and Ejjix, as is or are situate within ,1^jf'vort'1’ the Di.lance of i v/enty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, \iaia Coals to mix or lay up in One Heap or Parcel, or cause to be mixed or laid up may be mixed in One Heap or Parcel, in any Warehouse, Repository, or other conve- together, and nient Place, or to fell or cause to be sold when mixed, all or any Two k^the or more of the Nine Sorts or Descriptions of Coals, called respectively, <* ifift Coal* Wall’s End Coals, Temple’s Wall’s End Coals, Hebburn Main Coals, mixed.’’ Heaton Main Coals, Biggs Main Coals, South Hebbum Coals, Willing-ton Coals, Killingsworth Coals, and Percy Main Coals, and such Nine several Sorts of Coals, or any 1 wo or more of them, may be so mixed to:ether in any Proportions whatsoever; but no such Coals, when so mixed or heaped together, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, after tl e mixing thereof, be fold or lent to any Purchaser or Purchasers unless such Cnals be sold by Wharf Measure, nor unless such be fold and be described in the Vender’s Ticket to be sent therewith, as and for and by the Name of " Bed Coals mixedand if any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold, or fend or cause to be sent to any Purchaser or Purchasers, any such Coals so mixed or compounded of all or any Two or more of the said Nine Sorts or Descriptions of Coals, or any Part or Parts of such Coals so mixed, by or as or for any other Measure than Wharf Measure, or without such Coals so fold or lent being fold and also described in the Vender’s Ticket to accompany the fame, as and for and by the Name of " Best Coals mixed," then ard in every such Case every inch Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful Hartley, to and for any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, B.ythe and within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities o ’

{Loc & /Vr.J 14 L London j^edtoge.

A. 3,3*,

ther, and fold 'by either of those Names.

Oleinn's of Coal Barges wjien red need to Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure, may be heaped up and mixed together in any Ware-house j

but the same to be sold by Wharf M-a-sure, ajid described io the Vender’s Ticket as " Coals of different Sorts mixed " Penalties on Venders dif-obeying.

No other Coals to be mixed.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 68.

London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of MiJdLfex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are f’tuate within the Distance of Twen?/ five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix or lay up in One Heap or Parcel, or cause to be mixed or laid up in One Heap or Pared, in any Ware-house, Repository, or other convenient Place, or to fell or cause to be sold, when mixed, all or any Two of tire Three Sorts or Description- ol Coals, called respectively, Blythe Coals, Hartley Coals, and Couptn Main Coals: And it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Vender or Dealer to fell any such Coals, when so mixed, as and for and by the Name of any or either of such Three respective Sorts of which such Coals so fold shall be mixed or compounded.

C.XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Coals laden on board any Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft or Crafts, lying at or near any Wharf or Wharfs, or other Place or Places, within the said Port of London, shall be so reduced in Quantity as that the Whole of the Coals contained in each and every one such Lighter, Barge, or Craft, shall not exceed Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Wejbn'wsler, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix and lay up, or cause to be mixed and laid up, from Time to Time, in One Heap or Parcel, in any Warehouse, Repository, or other convenient Place, all or any of such remaining Parcels or Clearings ol Coals, out of each and every or any of such Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft or Crafts; but no such remaining Quantities of Coals, when so mixed or heaped up together, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, after the Mixing thereof, be fold or lent to any Purchaser or Purchasers, unless such Coals be sold by Wharf Measure, nor unk-fs such Coals be fold, and be described in the Vender’s Ticket to accompany the fame, as and for and by the Name of " Coals of different Sorts mixed and if any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall mix or lay up in any Warehouse or other Repository, any Two or more remaining Quantities or Clearings of Coals out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, any or either of which remaining Quantities or Clearings Full exceed hive Chaldrons Wharf Measure; or if any such Vtrider or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold or lent to any Purchaser or Purchasers, any such remaining Coals so mixed and cleared out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, or any Part or Parts of such mixed Remainders of Coals, by, or as, or lor any other Measure than Wharf Measure, or without such Coals lb fold or lent being loid, and also described in the Vender’s Ticket to accompany the lame, as and for and by the Name of " Coals of different Sorts mixed," then and in every such Case every such Vender or Dealer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That no such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Wtjlmmster, or the rapec-

tive

1239

47° GEORGII III. SeT.2. Cap. 68.

tive Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of NLJdleftx, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Diihnc'e of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall mix or cause to be mixed for Sale, or shall knowingly fell, or cause to be sold when mixed, any Co alt whatsoever of Two or more different Sorts Names, or Descriptions, unless such Coals of such Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, shall consist either wholly of Wall’s End, Temple’s Wall’s End, Hebbum Main, Heaton Main, Biggs Main, South Hebburn, Willington, Killingsworth, and Percy Main Coals, or wholly of foine Two or more of such Nine Sorts of Coals, or wholly of Blythe, Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals aforesaid, or wholly of any Two of such Three Sorts of Coals, or otherwise wholly of Coals which shall have been cleared out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, whose relpetfive Loadings shall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to'a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure; and if any such Vender or Dealer shall mix or cause to be mixed for Sale, or shall knowingly fell, or cause to be sold when mixed, any Coals whatsoever of Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, which Coals when so mixed, shall not conlilf either entirely of Wall’s End, Temple’s Wall’s End, Hebburn Main, Hearon Main, Biggs Main, South hebburn, Willington, Killingsworth, and Percy Main Coals, or entirely of some Two or more of such Nine Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Blythe. Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals, or entirely of some Two of such Three Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Coals that shall have been cleared out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, whose respective Loadings shall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure, then and in every such Case such Vender or Dealer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty-Pounds.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be taken or conlfrued to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Healers in Coals within any of the several and resperfive Limits of this A:t, from laying or (loring up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repository, or other convenient Place, any Quantifies whatsoever of Coals, of as many different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, as he, she, or they shall respectively think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions of Coals he respectively laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Repository in separate and distinrf Parcels, and wholly unmixed, and provided no such Coals be sold by any other than Wharf Measure, or without the true Name or Names of every or any of such Sorts of such Coals as shall be fold and sent from any such Warehouse or other Repository being expressed in the Vender’s Ticket to be sent therewith to any Purchaser or Purchasers; and if any such Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold, by any other than by Wharf Measure, any Coals out of any such Warehouse or other Repository, in which Two or more different Sorts of Coals may be so stored or deposited, or shall not insert, or cause to be inserted, in the Vender’s 1 icket to be sent with such Coals, the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Coals as shall be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository,

Act not t»

prevent the itorinir up of different Sorts of Coals in n Ware-house, provided such different Sorts be kept in dif. tioft Parcels.

No Coals to be sold by-other than Wharf Measure, or without the true Nanvs of each Sort beinpr expressed in the Vender’s Ticket.

1240

Pror'iGons respecting Coal Sheds or Warehouses where Coals are fold in Quantities not exceeding Half a Chaldron.

This Act not to prevent the Sale of Coals already mixed.

Court of Al-

n may make Bye Haws to regulate the Market.

47° GEORGII III. Sell 2. Cap. 68.

tory, or other Place, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such Case, every such Vender or Dealer so-offending, (Hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fiity Pounds.

CXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to hi der or prevent any Vender or Venders of, or Healer or Dealers in Coals, within the several and respective Limits of this Act, who shall keep any Coal Shed, Shop, or Warehouse, where Coals shall be fold in Quantities not greater than Half a Chaldron, and where no Coals shall ever be fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, from mixing or heaping up together, or causing to be mixed or heaped together, in such Shed, Shop, or Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities whatsoever, of any and as many different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions of Coals, as he, she, or they shall respectively think (it, or from felling or causing to be sold such Coals when so mixed: Provided nevertheless, that such Coals when so mixed shall be sold as and for and by the Name of " Mixed Coals," and shall not be fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, nor shall be sold at any other Place than at tire Shop, Shed, or Warehouse, where the same shall have been so mixed.

CXXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to hinder dr prevent any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said several and respective Limits of this Act from felling or causing to be sold any mixed Coals whatsoever, which shall have been mixed at any Time before the Firil Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven: Provided nevertheless, that such Coals shall be sold as and for and shall be described in the Vender’s Ticket to be sent therewith, as and for and by the Name of " Warehouse Coals."

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, from Time to Time, to make, oidain, and establish such Orders Rules, and Bye Laws, and from Time to Time to amend, alter, or rep. al tlje fame, or any of them, for die regulating, g iverning, and managing the said Market, and all Erections, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things thereunto belonging, and also for the regulating of all Officers to be employed in such Market, and all other her ions coming thereto, or transading any Business therein, as to the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall seem just and reasonable; and also from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to repeal, amend, and alter such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and also to fix and appoint certain reasonable Penalties or Forfeitures for the Non-observance or Non-performance, or other Breach of any such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures (halt and may be recovered by Inch Ways and Means as any other Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, be repuanant to or inconftifent with the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or contrary to the Directions and Provisions in this Act contained.

GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 68. 1241

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no such Order, Rule, or Such l>ye Bye Law, shall be good, valid, or effectual, nor shall any such Order,

Fule, or Bye Law; be amended, altered, or repealed, save and except X^dVv'1 such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, or any Amendment, Alteration, or o\ .,re

Repeal of any such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, shall have been submirted of ht judge* to, and allowed aiul approved of, from Time to Time, by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Rest of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, who are and is hereby empowered and required, on Request from Time to Time to them or him made by or on Behalf of the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to peruse and examine all such ('rders, Rules, or Bye Laws, as shall from Time to Time be made, amended, altered, or repealed, by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, in pursuance of this Act, and laid before them or 1dm the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Rett of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, and to alter and amend all such Orders,

Rules, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to allow and approve of, or disallow and disapprove of the fame, or any Part thereof, or to allow and approve of, or to disallow or disapprove of the Repeal of the Whole or any Part thereof, as to them or him shall from Time to Time seem proper and expedient, and for doing thereof no Fee or Reward shall be paid or taken.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such BycLawtt® Rules, Orders, and Bye Law's, so to be from Time to Time made, ubli&ci altered, amended, or repealed, by the said Court of Lord Mayor and "" p Aldermen, shall be printed, and such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and the several Alterations and Amendments made therein, and the Repeal thereof respectively, shall also be made public in such other Manner as the said Court of Lord Mayor and Idermen shall think proper, and shall from Time to Time order and direct.

CXXX

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ^'.o

lawful to and for the said Mtyor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council a (Tomb led, from Time to Time to appoint One or more Com- mimes, mittee or Committees to manage and tranlaft all or any of the Matters or Purposes, which they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aflemhte.d, are hereby authorised and required to do, execute, or perform, which Committee or Committees so to-be appointed shall have such or so much of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees

CXXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if Persons mte. any Person, being a Member of any such Committee, shall be directly or T1

[Lee. £5* Per.] 14 M indirectly 6

t 24-2

such Com-jnittees.

Persons not {set of the

City may be employed.

5 Eiiz. c. 4.

Securities ‘a be entered in jt Book.

The Chamberlain to keep the £01 Its provided under the t f the 43 & ^40.3.

47° GEORG311 III. Sess. 2. Cap. 6S.

in liredly interested or concerned in any Contract) which shall he made or entered into by or on Behalf of such Committee, for or concerning any of the Works to be performed or done in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, every such Contract shall be void, and the Person who, being a Member of such Committee, shall be so interested or concerned, mall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall iue for the same.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to employ any fit Person or Persons, whether free of the City or not, in or about any of the Works, Matters, or Things, which they shall cause to be performed or done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and to contract for the doing and Performance of such Works, Matters, and "t hings, or any of them, with any Person or Persons, in such Manner as the said Committee or Committees shall think fit; and that no Person or Persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, in, about, or for any of the Purposes of this act, nor any Person or Persons to be set to work by or under them, or any of them, shall, for any Act done or to be done in or about tht Pren ills, be subject fir liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fil h Year of htr M;1 jesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, , n Ad containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labouret s, Se* vants oj Ihtjbandry, and Apprentices, or be liable to-be sued for any Breach of the Cullom of London, or for any Penalty inihdted by any By l.aw of the said City.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being shall enter in a B ok or Booths kept for that Purpose, all Securities for Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted, in pursuance of the said Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of such Acts, and all Assign-mer.ts and Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at l.ength the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of all fu$h Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities, and the Days whereon the said Annuities rdpedively shall be payable, of which no Entry or hntries have or hath been made in any Book or Books; and shall also keep or continue to keep and preserve all and every Book or Books in which any Entry or Entries relating to any such Monies have been already made, in pursuance of the said Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of such Acts re-fpcdively; and all and every Person and Persons entitled to or interested in such Annuities shall, at all seasonable Times in the Day, have access, with free Liberty to inspect all and every such Books or Book, without Fee or Reward.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being shall keep, or continue to keep and preserve, all ami every Book or 1 ooks in tvi icii any Monies which, by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Forty-third and iorty-iourth Years rff the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of such Acts, shall have, been raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the Duty of Coals granted by such Acts

respectively.

*243

fcEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 68.

rripcftively shall have been entered or set down, or wherein also any.

Monies p*id and disbursed out of the Monies received, or the Time when, the Occasions for which, or the Names of the Persons to whom the fame may have been so paid, shall have been entered and let down in pursuance of such Acts or either of them.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said Chamberlain City for the Time being shall keep One or more Book or Books, in to keep Ac-which all the Monies to Ire received in respect of the aforesaid Duty upon counl3 of Coals, Cinders, and Culm, by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be entered and set down; and wherein also all the Monies to be mews, of the paid and disbursed out of the Monies already received by virtue of the Duty on laid Two last mentioned Acts, or either of them, or to be received by S 03l?’ 9ia* virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be entered and set cJlmf down; and such Entries shall specify the Times when, the Occasions for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom the same shall be so paid.

CXEI’I. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and The City Commons shall, Once in each and every Year, or oftener, if required, lay *c*

before bo h Houses of Parliament an Account of the Produce of the said p Duly of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton, hereby granted and made payable upon Coal, Cinders, and Culm, and also of all Receipts and Disburse-me.'ifs leceived or paid for or on account of the said Market, and also an Account of the Quantity of Coals fold in each and every such Market, and cf die Prices thereof.

CXI, IV7. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being shall keep One or more Book or Books, in which cour, Ct'of Re. all she Mon'es to be received by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Metage, ccipti and Inspection, or Remeasurement of any Coals measured, inspected, or re- Diibu «-measured within the said City of I.ondvr. and the Liberties thereof, between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, shall from ,‘|ie Metago Time to lime be entered and set down, wherein also all the Mornes to be Monies, paid and disbursed out of the Monies so to be received, shall from Time to Time be entered and set down; and such Entries shall specify the Times when, the Occasions for which, the Names of the Persons to whom the fame shad be paid.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, ^l]'>Cf‘‘?ha'ia and Commons, shall, Once in each and every Year, or oftener if required, m(,n.

Jay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of Monies to be received tinned Ac-by virtue of this Act in respect of the Metage, Inspection, or Remeasurement =""» bo of any Coals within such last mentioned District, and also of all Disburse-marts paid for or on account of the said Land Coal Meter’s Gflice for such District.

C.XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines. Penalties, or For-futures by this Act, or determined by virtue of the Powers and Authorities thereof exC€e<jing imposed. (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby Twenty ot.erwife directed), not exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be sued for la nds to be Within One Calendar Month after the Offence or Offences committed; anil all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be levied and re- t;ccofty,e J , covered t ea(.e.

1244

GEORG 11 ITT. 2. Cty.-68.

covered before any Justice or justices of the )Pea$e for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Information or

Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Summons oy Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and if on tile Conviction of the Offenders re I pe tti v el v, either on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness. or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer\ such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, , by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for want of Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for ftnh Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, mall be fountr paid; and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when paid, shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall go to Pis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or shall be applied in such Mariner, for carrying this Atf into Execution, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall direef.

Appealtethe CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Quarter sef- to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Se’flions or General Sessions to be holden for the County,

C ty, or P at;’, where such Conviction shall be made, on giving imnie. djate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for prosecuting the said Appeal with Efie£t, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and luth Justices, hi such General Quarter Sessions or General Session*, shall hear and determine the Matier of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them ihesaid Justices shall seem just and reasonable; md the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form or.lv, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or tlfewhepe; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywik notwithstanding.

For summon- CYLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-iii>It- ful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, befene whom

ndiL, any such Fine;, Penalties, or Forteiuies shall be feed for, to feramon

9 before

47° GEORGII III. Sefl". 2. Cap. 68. 1545

before him or them any Person or Persons who shall, in or by the Complaint or Information made to him or them, appear to be a necessary Witness as to the Matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a Time and Place to be ipeeified in the Summons; and in case such Person so summoned Hull not appear according to such Summons, then, upon due Proof of the Service of such Summons in Manner aforesaid, such Person so summoned, and not appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay the Sunt of Twenty Pounds, to be levied anil recovered in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as is herein-before directed as to other Penalties; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Person shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her upon Oath as to the Matter of such Complaint or Information; and in case such Person shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer, or to give Evidence therein, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refilling to be sworn, or to answer, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City,

County* or Place, in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then aft, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfort or Persons* Penalty on Upon his, her, or their Examination upon Oath before any Justice or Sui Justices of the Peace acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and ° crJurlr-corruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall take or make any false Oath or Affidavit with respect to any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law in force and effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liabld to.

C.L. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, Penalties exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Act imposed, for any Of- "bcve 2<jl. fence or Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, by the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence or OSences shall be committed; and one Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall be to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Double Costs of Suit") shall be to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the fu| for want Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties of Form, making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or W vt of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dil- at) j Lee. £r Per.~] 14 N—0 treis,

l'«q35i

Form of Conviction.

47°' GEORGII III. MM Cap. 6$.

,._trets, or the Proceedings relating' thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person, or Persons . aggrieved determined by such Irregularity shall and may recover full'Satisiudfcfah for tlje Special1 Damage sustained in an Action on the Cafe. , ‘1’.

tod landtfw hits t<ro;Jiul '{

CLII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders again!! this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

T)E it remembered. That on the Day of in the

Year of our Lord A. B.

is convicted before me One of His Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the [Here specify the Offence

‘ and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may he] e contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here insert the Title of this ‘ Act]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first: above ‘ written. ‘ C. D.'

Plaintiff not CLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall to recover recover in any Action to be commenced again!! any Person or Persons for after Tender any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall o mens. have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty-one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation CLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall

of Aaions. be commenced again!! any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants IhaFTliave appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given again!! the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants mall recover Double Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant'hath for Cods of Suit in other Cases by Law.

47° GEORGII III. SciT.2. Cafr68.

1247

CLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Commence-place, from and after the Fourth Day of OBoicr. One thousand eight hun- of dred and seven. c i ‘

[Publick Act.]

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That" this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall Be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded. . j *rt

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

PAYMENTS payable to the Deputy Sea Coal or Ship Meters, by Ship Owners, Coal Buyers, or Dealers.

By the Ship Owner or Owners.

The Sum of Three Shillings per Twenty Chaldrons for working at the Vat, and so on in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The Sum of Three Shillings per Day for every Day that the Meters shall be on board of any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of measuring Coals thereout, in lieu of Provisions and Drink.

The Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence for travelling Expences, when employed in the Admeasurement of Coals in any Ship or Vessel below Greenwich, in the County of Kent.

The Sum of One Guinea, upon the Delivery, for each and every Ship or other Vessel, in the Room of all Allowances in Coals, and all other Gratuities, by or on the Behalf of the Ship Owners.

By the Buyer or Buyers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals.

For making out and delivering to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, Agent or Agents, a general Bill or Account of the Coals admeasured or delivered out of any Ship or other Vessel, on the Account of any Buyer or Buyers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, for each and every such Bill or Account, the several Sums following; that is to say: The Sum of Three-pence for any Quantity of Coals less than Fifty Chaldrons, specified therein; the Sum of Sixpence for any Quantity of Coals specified therein equal to Fifty and less than One hundred Chaldrons; and the Sum of Nine-pence for any Quantity of Coals specified therein, equal to One hundred 6haldrons and less than Two hundred Chaldrons; and for Two hundred Chaldrons and any greater Quantity, the Sum of One Shilling.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the Sing’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self 2.

)(:-

Cap. 69.

An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of several Acts for the Maintenance and Repair of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Ke?it.

[8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years

of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act 11 '5'

for the Repair of Dover Harbour, cerrain Rates and Duties were granted and made payable upon the lever.d Ships and Vessels therein described, for the Maintenance and Support or the said Harbour, and certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Warden cr his Lieutenant, with the major Part of the other Assistants of the said Hatbour, for the Purpose of carrying such Act into Execution, and such Act was to have Continuance until the Fi. ft Dayo\May One thousand seven hundred and nine: And whereas, by One other Act made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for enlarging the »&-3ftnrt. Term of Tears, granted Ly an Act passed in the Session of Parliament, held 7’ in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour-, and by Two other Acts, Onemiadc in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fltft, indtulej, An Act for en- 4G, 1 c. ij. larging the Term cf 2'ca.ts granted by tie AHs of the Eleventh end Twelfth Years of King William the Third, a d Second end Third Tears of Queen Anne, for the Repair cf Dover Harbour; and the other tr ade :n the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act for completing 5s.i,c 5o. the Repairs of the Harbour of D.;ver, tn the County of Kent, and for re-\Loc. & PerJ] 14 P Ming

1254

47° GEORGII III. SeR*. 2. Cap. 6g.

(luring the Harbour of Rye,' in the County of Sussex, to Us ancient Gocdness\ and by one other Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers granted and given by the Abls gaped in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George. for repairing the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent, and for reflating the Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness; she Did recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William she Third, and the Rates or Duties thereby granted, were continued to the Twelfth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, and directed to be applied for the (tveral Purposes therein nnntioned: And whereas by one other Act made in the Thirty-first 31 G. i. c. s. Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several A Act of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, One Moiety of the Paid Rates or Duties, and the several Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, so far as the fame related to such Moiety, were granted and continued until the Twelfth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty.fix: And whereas by one other Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of U. j. c. 11. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term cf several Aids of Parliament for the Repair of Dover Harbour, such Moiety of the said Rates and Duties, and the several Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, so far as the fame related to such Moiety, were continued from the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and fqw thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Warden and Assistants have proceeded to carry the said recited Acts into Execution to the great Benefit of Shipping and rf Merchants and others, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Chedic of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, but owing to the Insufficitncy of the present Rates and Duties the said Harbour is now very much out of Rtpair, and the South Pier Head which is ex poled to the strong South and South-West Winds, is in so ruinous and dangerous a Stare, that the Foundation thereof has bulged out, and the Body of it is partly sunk, and the most serious Apprehensions are entertained, that uniels a New Pier Head is immediately constructed, the present Pier Head will by the Force of the Waves be wholly fwepe away, by which the said Harbour would in a few 7 ides be choaked up with I Sand and Beach, which could r.ot be removed but at a very greac Ex-pvnee, and after a long Period of Time, during which Time no Shelter or Protection could be afforded to Vessels in Dilireis; and Parr of the Monies so borrowed are now due and owing, and cannot be paid oft’ and discharged, or the said Harbour put into proper and sufficient Repair, except the ancient Rates and Duties be again icftored to the fame Amount as the Rates and Duties granted by the said reuted Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Term granted by the said recited Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, which is now nearly expiring, be extended, and the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts, lb far as the lame relate to the said Harbour of Dover, be altered and enlarged: But as such several Purposes cannot be efiefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 69,

with the Advice and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Gaults, Matters, and Things, in the said recked Acts conta.ned, so f..r as the fame relate to the said Harbour of Dover (save and except such Pans th rcof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and save and except lu h P.rts thereof respectively as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), Hull be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-afeer mentioned for carrying this Act into Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Assistants, of the Lid Harbour of Dover, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the Rates or Duties following, that is to say, from the Maker, Owner, or Skipper, of every Ship, Vessel, or Craver, belonging to any of His Majeky’s Subjects, of the Burthen of Twenty Tons, or more, and net exceeding the Burthen of Three hundred Ton5, passing from, to, or by Dover, or coming into the Harbour there, not having a Cecket or Receipt, tekifying his Payment of such RateorDuty before on that Voyage, the Sum of Three-pence for every Ton of the Burthen thereof (save and except Ships in B.tliak, and such Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, as shall be wholly laden with Coals, Culm, Grindstone, or Purieck or Portland Stones) j and for every Chaldron of Coals or Culm, Ton of Grindstone, Purieck or Portland Stones, on board of such Ship, Vess:l, or Crayer, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, and from the Maker, Owner, or Skipper of every Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, belonging to any Person or Persons not being a Subject or Subjects of His Majeky, of the Burthen of Twenty Tons, or mere, and not exceeding the Burthen of Three hundred Tors, the Sum of Three-pence for every Ton of the Burthen of such Ship, Vessel, cr Crayer (iave and except Snips in Bailalt, and such Ship, Vessel, or Gayer, as shall be laden with Coals, Culm, Grindkoncs, or Purieck or Portland Stones); and for every Chaldron ot Coals, or Culm, Ton of Grindstones, Purbeck or Portland Stones, on board cf such Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny; and from the Mailer, Owner, or Skipper of every Ship, Vessel, or Crayer of the Burthen of Three hundred Tons and upwards, actually entering the said Harbour, not having a Cocket or Receipt testifying his Payment of such Kate before on that Voyage, the Sum of Three-pence for evety Ion of the Burthen thereof slave and except Ships rn Ballak, and such Ship, Vessel, or Crater as shall be wholly laden with Coals, Culm, Grinckone, or Purieck, or Portland Stone); and for every Chaldron of Coals or Culm, Ton of Grindkone, Portland, or Pu'leck Stone, on board oi such Ship, V;ffd, or Craver, the Suin cf One Peony Halfpenny; and alliuch Rates and Duties shall be paid t > the Cukomer cr C Hector of the Cukoms, or their Deputies, or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Alliltanrs of the said Harbour, to receive the lame in such Port or Place whence such Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, shall depart, or where such Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, shall arrive, before such Ship.V effel, or Crayer, shall depart fiotn such Port or Place on her outward-bound Voyage, or where foen Ship,

Vesseli

l255

Acts continued

Rates to be

collet ted.

1256 47° GEORGII Iif. SeiT. 2. Cap. 69,

Vessel, or Grayer, frail arrive on her homeward-bound Voyage, before any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be unladen hertfrrm, and all such Rates and Duties given and grained by this Act, shall be levied, collected and accounted for, by such Customer, t.r Collector of the ClMcitis, ami their Deputies (lavt and except as may be here in excepted) by such Ways and Means, and in such and the like Manner, as the Rates and Duties given and granted by the said recited Act, made in the bleventh and Twelfth Years ot King William the Third, are directed to belevicd, collected, and accounted for.

t'nwrr tc vary W. And be it further eaafled, That it shall and may be lawful to JUtci. and for the said Warden, or his Lieutenant, together iv.th the major Part

of the other Assistants of the said Harbour, as aforesaid, to vary or diminish the Rates and Duties so imposed, and to raile or reltore the lame again as often as they shall judge proper, provided that no higher Rates or Duties be at any Time imposed or made payable than herein-before Bientioned, and so that whenever any Alteration shall be made in the said Rates or Duties, all and Angular such Rates or Duties shall be varied, diminished, raised again, or rellored, rateably and proportionably, or as near as Circumstances will admit: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money borrowed and due and owing on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties shall not have been paid off and discharged, lu h Rates and Duties shall not be hfientd or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixths of the Monty due upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties.

IV. Provided always, and be it crafted, That norhirg in the said recited Acts, or this Act, contained, shall extend, or be confirued to extend, so as to charge any Collier, Coasting Vessel, or Crayer, with the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, oftener than once in any one Year,

a* not to V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con

m!j"flvu H t£'‘ed shall extend, or be c Instrued to extend, to charge any Ships or Vessels

Strips. ‘ belonging to H.s Majesty, or that shall or may be employed in His Service, with any of the Rates or Duties to be imposed by this Act.

Rate? not to he payable oftener than once a Year.

Eve? to he

VI. And whereas many Foreign Ships, Vessels, and Crayers, puffing

PTd 1 through or near, or being detained in the Downs, will receive the lame

'J Benches as Britisli Ships, Vessels, and Crayers, from the said Harbour; be it therefore cnafhd, That all Foreign Ships, Vessels, and Crayers, that shall pals from, to, or by Dover, whether on the Eastern or Weltcrn Side of the Goodwin Sands, or shall enter into the Harbour there, shall be subject and liable at all Times to the fame Rates and Duties as Ships, Vessels, and Ciayers, cleared out of or entered in any Pore or Place in Great Britain, and such Rates anti Duties Ciall be levied and recovered in any Parc of H;s Majesty’s Dominions, in such and the like Manner as any of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed arc directed to be levied and recovered.

Penalty on

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Bu> then anti Tonrtage of every ifrurtin^the ^uctl Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, shall be ascertained by the Custom House Msaiuremem Register of the Burthen or Tonnage of such Ship, Vessrl, or Crayer, and vetfeb.H< a"d *n C:i e °* Refusal, Failure, or Delay, by the Matter or other Pcrlun having

1257

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 69.

the Rule or Command of such Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, to produce and shew on Demand to the Customer or oth"r Collrdor of the said Ra es and Duties as shall be appointed by the said Warden or Lieutenant, or the maj r Part of such other Aflilhnts as afort said, such Custom House Register, or in case there shall be no such Register, or in case the Cuf-tomer or other such Collector of such the said Rates and Duties, and the Mailer or other Person having the Rule tr Command of any Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, charged with the said Rates or Duties cannot otherwise agree about and adjust the Tonnage of such Ship, Vtfli-1, or Crayer, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Customer,

Cclltdor, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and also to and fur any other Person employed by him or them from Time to Time to enter into such Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, and to gauge and adrreasure the fame, cr cause the lame to be gauged and admeafund, according to the Method prescribed by an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty (or the (uither Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Mailer or ether obi

Person having the Rule i r Command of any such Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, Of-

or any other Person whoseever, shallobftiud or hinder fu< h Customer, ficer‘' Collcdur, or ether Person appointed to collect the Rates and Duties

hereby made payable,or any other Perlun employed or appointed by him or thrm to admeasure Ships or Vessels in pursuance or thi> Ad, f om rntering on bo rd such Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, or from taking the Admeasurement thereof, such Mailer or other Person thali for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, out- uu

ward-bound, the Place of whole Dcftination shall be from, to, or by Dover Onihcate b» aforesaid, shall be cleared at any Office of His Majesty's Customs on such {Sj'Jnv^otof outwaid-bourid Voyage, nor shall any Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, which Duties, shall have (ailed from or by Dover, or have gone into Harbour there, be allowed to erter at any Office ot H s Majesty's Customs on her homeward-bound Voyage, by any Officer or Officers cf His Majesty's Customs, without producing a Certificate from the Officer or P rfon empowered to colltd the Rates and Duties imposed under the Authority of this Act Merchant,t telhfying the Payment thereof: Provided always, that on producing a msk.ra.iAl-proper Acquittance for the Receipcof such Rates and Duties, such Matter n^,""t°hfc,he or Owner of such Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, shall have and be entitled to M*iur° f an Allowance from the Merchant or Merchants, Consignee or Consignees,

Importer or Importers, or Exporter or Exporters, or his or their Agents or Fadors, as follows; that is to say, For every Ton of Goods loaden on board such Ship or Vessel on account of such Merchants, Consignees,

Agents, Importers or Exporters, a like Sum per Ton as is by this Act charged upon the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Goods or Merchandize shall be lacen or unladen, and so in Proportion for a less Quan-tuy than a Ton; and such Goods and Merchandize are hereby made liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Ward n, ere. for the uid Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of

[Eec. V Per.2 «4 lh«

1258.

Penalty on

Officers for ne' gleeiing tiieh Duty.

Manner of recovering Hates.

4.70 GEORGII III. 'Seflf.2. Cap. 69.

the other Assistants of the said Harbour as aforesaid, from Time to Time to nominate ana appoint such a; d lo many Person or Persons in every e’ort and Place where the said Rates or Duties shall be payable to collect and r.-ctive the fame respectively; and when and as often as locli Person or Persons shall be so nominated and appointed for that Purpose, then and in such case Inch Rates ard Duties (Tull be raised, collected, and received by such Person or Persons in such Port or Place, and not by such Cu‘-tomer or C /lledor of the Custums or their Deputies; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Did Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of such their Assistants of the said Harbour, from Time to Time to remove any such Person or Persons so nominated and appointed, and to nominate and appoint any other Person cr Per. fens for collecting and receiving such Rates and Duties, in his or their Room or Seud, and out of the Monies received by virtue of this Act to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to such Pafon and Perlorsas t > them the said Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Assistants of the said Harbour, (hah letm reason-able; and every Inch Person so nominated and appointed shall, and he is hereby empowered and rtquirtd to tolled and leceive the Rates and Duties given and granted by this Act, and cn the Receipt thereoi, evriy such Person shall give a Certificate of the Payment thereof to the Person or Pei f ns paying the fame; and every such Person collecting and rei ceiving the same as aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required to keep a fair and true Account thereof in a Book or Books to be by him or them kept for That Purpose, to which all Persons may have tree Access a: all seasonable Times without Fee or Cha'ge, and fh .11 at such Time t r Times as shall be directed by the said Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Assistants of the said Harbour, pay such Rates and Dunes so received to such Person or Persons as the said Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of such other Assistants as aforesaid, by Wairunt under their Hands and Seals, shall appoint to receive the same; and if any Custorncrer Colicdor, or their Deputies, shall make or allow any F.ntiies of Customs of any Goods in any Ship, Vessel, or Craycr, before such Certificate shall be produced of the Payment of the Sums Rates, or Duties imp oft d by virtue of this Act, or if any such p.cifoil or Persons so nominated or appointed as aforesaid shall refuse or r.egl d to collect, or shall make any wilful Default in colltding the Lid Sums or any of them, or shall not keep a fair and true Account thereof as aforesaid, or shall not pay the fame over from Time to Time according to the^Dir.dions of this Act, ti.en and in every such Cale every such Person O' Perfor.s so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum rot exceeding Five Hundred Pounds for every such Negltd or Default, to be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner by this Act directed.

XL And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act may be snore effectually collected and levied, be it further eroded. That in case any Owner or Master, or other the Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Vessel, or Crayer, or any Fador or Consignee thereof, ch rgeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse or regled to pay the fame, then and in every such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Customer, or other the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates and Duties, or other Person or Persons appointed in purksance of this Act to receive the same, to go on board such Ship, n L Vessel,

1259

47° GEORGII 111. Sess.2. Gap. 6g.

Vessel, or Crayer, to demand, colkft, and receive the said Rates and Duties, and on Non-payment thereof to take and distrain every such Ship,

Vessel, or Crayer, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merc andize, in respect whereof such Rates or Duties shall be payable eithtr on board such Ship, Ytficl, or Crayer, or on Land, and the lame to detain until the respective Rates or Du.ies shall be satisfied and paid, and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties for the Spate of Fourteen Days after- any Distress or Dif-treffesfo made or taken, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Warden or Lieutenant and Assistants, or such Customer or o.her Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised by One or more sworn Appraiser or Appraisers, or other Efficient Persons, and afterwaids to fell the said Distress or Diltreff:s, and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof to satisfy themselves or himself, as well for and in respect of the Rates or Duties so negkfted or delayed to be paid, as also for and in respect of their or his reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraiswg, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) to the Owners thereof upon Demand; and it Shall and may be lawful for the Warden or Lieutenant and Afftstants of Dover Harbour, in case of Non-payment of the Rates and Duties as aforesaid, instead cf recovering the fame in Manner aforesaid, or in case the whole thereof shall not be so recovered, to proceed for the Recovery of the fame, or so much thereof as shall not be so recovered, by Aftlon of Debt or Trespass on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJi ' infier, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Matter, Owner, or other Person eiud-Person, having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Vessel or Crayer, or the Owner, Factor, or Consignee, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Amiable, shall byanyMians whatsoever, at any Time or Times elude, evade, or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable in respect thereof, or any Part of the fame, each and every Person eluding, evading, or avoiding Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the said Warden and Assistants cf Dover Harbour, a Sum equal to the Amount of such Rates and Duties, and shall also (land changed wirh and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties which iliail and may be recovered from such Mailer or Owner, Factor or Consignee, or such other Person having such Rule or Command respectively, at any Time or Times, either by the Means herein-before prescribed for the levying of such Rates and Duties, or by such and the like Ways and Means as are herein-after directed for levying and recovering any Fine, forfeiture, or Penalty, imposed by this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden or his Lieutenant, AccoanttW^ ana me other Assistants of the said Harbour, and their Successors, shall pi,iiaiteut. yearly lay before each House of Parliament, a true Account of the Receipt

and Application of all Monies which shall be received by the said Waroen or his Lieutenant, and the Assistants of the said Harbour, and their Successors, by virtue of this Act.

I26o

Power b *r* row Money,

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 69.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other AiMlants of the said Harbour, from Time to Time to be-row and take up at Inured such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necess.-ry, not exceeding in the Whole (including the Sum already burrowed, and clue and owing on the Cretiic of the said rrciud Acts, or any of them, so far as the lame relate to the said Harbour of Dover) the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, for the several Purpolt-s < f the said recited Acts, and this Act, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbuur, upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties to be coilrded by virtue of this Act, and by Writing undtr the Hand and S al of the Treas.rer of the Lid Harbour (by and with the Consent and Appr. bation of the said Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the nuj r Part of the other Assistants of the said Harbour) to assign all or any Part of the said Rates and Duties to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trullee or Trullees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with legal Inrerdt for the fame, and the Colls and Expences of such Alignment thereof, to be made in Manner herenatter mentioned, Hull be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Warden or his Lieucenanr, together with the major Part of the other Assistants of the said Harbour, out of the Monies to be so borrowed; and every such Alignment shall be in the Words, or to the Efilft following:

‘ T the Treasurer of the Harbour of Dover,

‘ by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Warden, [or hit c Lieutenam] and of being the major Part of ihc

‘ Assistants of the said Harbour, in Consideration of the Sum of 1 advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here Jet forth the Title of this Act] do

hereby grant and assign unto the said A.B. [or to his Trustee or ‘ Trullees, as the Case may require'] his Executors, Administrators, and ‘ Alligns, such Proportion of the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear

‘ to the whole Sum which shall have been, or may at any Time be bor-

rowed, or become due and owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, to be had and holden from this

‘ Day of until the said Sum of with

« Interest, at per Centum per Annum for the fame, shall be

repaid and satisfied:

‘ In witness whereof, I the said have hereunto

‘ set my Hand and Seal, the Day of

‘ in the Year

And all such Alignments shall be numbered, commencing with Numbe One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall always be one; and every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Aligns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

47° GEORGII ill. SelT;2. Cap. 69. 126I

XV. And be it further enactrd, That in case the said Warden, nr p«vtrfor Kis Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Afliftanis of ^Monty the said Harbour, shall think it advisable or more advantageous to raisic *> Ai.i.iurts. all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed under this Act, by granting Annuities inllead of Alignments as afore hr id, then and in Inch Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said Harbour, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Afiirtants of tl.e laid Harbour, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to grant an Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Treasurer, any Sum or Sums of Money, as to the said Warden, or his Lieutenanr, together with the major Part of the other AlMants of the said Harbour, shall seem right and proper, for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the Continuance of this Act, to the Contributor, in case such Contributor shall so long live, or in case such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor shall so long live, so that no such Annuity do titered the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a single Life, except in such Cases where the Person to whom any such Annuity shall be paid shall be of the Age of Sixty three Years or upwards, and the Expence of every such Grant shall be defrayed out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following:

T the Treasurer of the Harbour of Dover, by and

1 with the Consent and Approbation of the Warden \or his Lieutenant]

and of being the major Part of the Affidants ot

1 the said Harbour, in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by A.B. to me, the said Treasurer, do hereby

grant unto the said A.B. an Annuity or Yearly Sum of

out of the Rates and Duties granted or arising by virtue of an Act,

1 made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Atl\ which Annuity or

‘ Yearly Sum of shall be paid to the said A.B. or

his Assigns, during the Continuance of the said Act, in case He [t>r Ihe]

‘ should so long live [cr to the said A.B. his Executors, Admirtiftratore,

or Assigns, during Me Continuance of the said Act, in cale C. F. should

' so long live, as the Case may be~\ upon the Day of

in every Year, at the of the Town of Dover; the

' first Payment thereof to be made upon the Day of

' next ensuing the Date hereof:

‘ In witness whereof, I the said kave hereunto

set my Hand and Seal, the Day of 'n

‘ the Year

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual, in the Law, without any Enrolment or Registry of the Memorial thereof; and every Annuity so granted as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby charged upon* and shall be payable and paid by the said Treasurer, out of the said Rates and Duties, and other Money to be received by virtue or this Act, according to the Grant of such Annuity.

[Loc. Ss5 Per.'] 14X

1262 ..^V GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 69.

‘ranihtrring

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Moite t-es for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be bor* fna prefcrlbed r?JW5^ upon legal lo^rdt aforesaid, or to be raised by the granting of Form. Annuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (as the Ca!e may be) at any Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomso* ever; which Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect following:

r A B. being entitled to the Sum of [or an Annuity

- of ] securea to C.D. and his AfGgns, or his Execu-

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, as the Case may be (by virtue of an

Assignment or Grant of an Annuity) bearing Date the

‘ Day of under the Hand and Seal of the Trea.

surer of the Harbour of Dover, acting in the Execution of an Aff of

Parliament, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [ihere fel forth the Title of this Act 1 or ‘ of an A" made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of

King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Repair of Dover

Harbour, upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties granted or payable ‘ by the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to

the same Sum \_or Annuity J and ail Interest and other Money now due

and owing thereon, unto £. F. his Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns. Dated the Day of .*

And a Copy of every Security or Assignment, and of every Grant of Annuity which shall have been made in pursuance of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Register to the said Warden and Assistants, which Extract or Memorial shall signify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, and have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward, and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Register shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred without any other Registry or Enrolment whatsoever.

Provisions for XVII. Ar.d, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Persons the payment tyn0 have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of the Rates byLot.lt0rS and Duties to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbour, or of this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Assistants of the said Harbour (if there shall be more Creditors than One) shall cause the Numbers of all Alignments or Securities granted and then in force, for securing the Principal Monies due and owing upon tile Credit of the said Rates and Duties, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon dif-tinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of as maay of the said Alignments or Securities as are intended to be paid off, shall be drawn separarcly out of the said Box or Wheel by the Register to the said Warden and Assist-tijii ' , n ' ants.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Oap'.dg. 1263

jnts, nnd after every such Ballot Notice signed by the Ilegifter shall be given to or left at the lad or tfual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot, and where there is only One Creditor, the like Notice dial) be given to such Creditor of the Intention to pay him or her as afon farH, and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off together with the Interest due thereon, and that ti e lame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specifkd in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than S x Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such N' tice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Money to be paid off shall from and after the Day to be so specified, cease and be no longer paid or payable unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid, but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to arise by or from Application®! the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or to be received from Time M^omroweJJ to Time by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbour of Dover or of this Act, and all the Money which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof, or advanced for Annuities as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Harbour, and shall be applied and disposed of in the first Place in paying and defraying the Coils, Charges, and Expences, which shall be incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of the Interest of the Money which shall have been advanced for defraying I'ucnCofts, Charges, and Expences, and in paying the Interest of the M;nies borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts, cr any of them, or to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and in paying such Annuities as aforesaid, as the fame respectively shall become due, and in defraying the Cods, Charges, and Expences of cleansing, repairing, maintaining, and supporting the said Harbour, and the several Wotks thereunto belonging, and in paying and defraying all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which the said Warden, Lieutenant, and Assistants, or any of them, or any of their Officers may sustain, or be put imto in carrying the said recited Acts sofar as the fame relate to the said Harbour, or this Act, into Execution, or in profecudng or defending any Prosecutior.s, Actions, or Suits, for or concerning any of the Monies granted or arising by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbcur or of this Act, or in any Manner relating to the Execution thereof, or of any Thing to be done by virtue thereof, and in paying and discharging the Principal Monies borrowed, and due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the lame relate to the said Hatbour of Dover, or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and in carry ing the several other Purposes of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbour of Dover, and of this Act, into Execution, and for no other Ui’e, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by Recovery and virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbour ot Dover, or any of them, or of this Act, or by virtue of the Powers thereof respectively imposed (the Manner ot levying and recovering whereof is not thereby or hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied V and

i26* 47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 69.

arid recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offendets by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant fuel: Justice is' hereby empowered to i'tu 'upon the Conftfiion of the Patty, or upon the Fridtncc Of any credib.e Witncls upon Oath, which Oath such Justice F hereby empowered to admimfti?), and the Overplus (if any) of the IVHney arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cults and Charges of ni2king,keeping, and felling the Diftiefs, nd such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not directed to be otherwise applied) shalt be paid to the Treasurer of the Paid Harbour to be applied towards thrPurposei of the Paid recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbour, and of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress (halt not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures dial] not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Town, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month nor less than Three D iys, unlel's such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be fuoner fully paid and satisfied.

Persons"2

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this damaging the Act, any Person or Persons who shall wilfully or maliciously damage any Harbour. of the P.les, Stones, Coping, or any of the Works of the said Harbour, or in any Manner prejudice or annoy the fame, and if any such Damage, Prejudice, or Annoyance shall be done, the Matter thereof shall be examined by the Mayor and Jurats of the Town and Port of Dover, who are hereby empowered, for cvey such Offence, to enforce any Fine or Fines upon every or any Person or Persons so offending, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Offence, which the Paid Mayor and Jurats, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, directed to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Re-« ceivers, for the Time being, of the said Duties hereby granted or appropriated, are hereby empowered to levy and raise, by Disttrfs and Sale of the respeiftive Guods and Chattels of every or any such Offender or Offenders, rendering to him or them the Overplus, if any there be; and the Sum or Sums, when levied, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being, to be applied to the same Uses as the several Sums hereby directed to be paid to him are to be applied.

(form of Conviction.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Convictiorj shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against the said recited Act’ts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbour of Dover, or against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or any Matcer in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbour of Dover, or of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following, (that is to say),

t>E it remembered. That on this

*- the Year of the Reign of

in

A.B. is con- vicded

Day of

4.70 GEORGII III. Sefl". 2. Cap. 69. 1265

« vifted before of His Majesty's Justice or

J (tees of the Peace for the of having

faj the Offence pall be\ and I [or We] the said

do adjudge him [her or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

Given unier my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the

Day and Year aforesaid.’

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Appeal. Persons shall think himself, herlelf.or themselves aggrieved, by any Judgement or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in ptirfuunce of

this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the First General or Quarter Stilions of the Pe.ice, to be holden for the County, Cinque Port, or Place, within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from, the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arilen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Fourteen Days Notice at lealt, of his, her, or the.r Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Trea-furtrof the said Harbour, or Kcgilter to the said Warden and Alliftmt-, and forthwith after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before feme Justice of the Peace for such County, Cinque Port, or Place, with sufficient Sureties, conditioned to cry such Appeal, and abide the Order and A v2rd of the said Court thereon, and the said Justices ac such Sessions, upon dt Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, in a summary Way, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Colls to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper, and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may all'o order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as hey shall judge reasonable, and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be hnal, binding, and conclusive, upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be niftrefe rot to made for any Sum of Money, to be levied by virtue of the said recited h< ,inlaufi>i Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Harbour of t’Jrm/' °* Dover, or of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deem-d unlawful,

nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemrd a Trespasser or Trespasslrs on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding', rei ning thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distrain.ng be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity chat shall be afterwards done by ihe Pat ty or Parties lo distruining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction fur the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Proceedings

Judgement, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning the for

Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against the said lecited Acts, Wm t t or any of them, so tar as the fame relate to the said Harbour of Dover, *",rab?e by Cr against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only. Certiorari, or be removed or removeable by Cercioiari, or by any other Writ r

Ptccefs whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wc/l-[Ice. ft? Per.-] 14 $ minster,

tit

PUint'fTs nol

to rs cover without Nonce t.r after Tender of /\me;.ds.

Limitation of Actions.

I*uWick Act.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

47° GEORGfl III. Sell.2. Cap. 69.

minjlrr, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise not.

with Handing.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, to be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of the Did recited Acts, or any of them, lo fir as the fame relate to the said Harbour of Dtvcr, or of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants fourteen Days before such Action shall be commenced of such inu-ndrd Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fnecifving the C.ule of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recovrr in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, nr them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought, and in case no such Tender shall have bten made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Monty as he, she, or they Hull think fir, whereupon such Proceeding':, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXVI. Provided always, and beirenacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced ag.iinft any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so tar as the latnc ruaic to the said Harbour of Dover or of this Act, afier Twtlvc Calendar Mon hs next after the Pad committed, and every such Ad.un or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewherr, and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a fuflkient Satisfaction made or tcndcieu as atoie-fftid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury [lull find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Veidid, or if the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited cr discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after die Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if upron Demuirer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cuffs, and have such Remedy for recovering the lame as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cales by Law.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Noiice of as such by all Judges, Joffices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVIII. Andbcit further enacted, That this Act shall commence andtake P ace from and immediately arter the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament, and shall be in force and have continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, l’t inters to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

at . v.j /

GEORGII III. REGIS.

r£

SelT 2.

ft 4

ft|HMt jM¥*e*

Cap. 70.

An Act to revive and continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of several Acts paised as relate to the better regulating of Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of ‘Thames and Medway.

[8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fir if, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway: And by the said Act it was enacted, That the fame should continue in force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing His Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under Foreign Commissions, and for encourage-ing and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet: And whereas an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and for better regulating of Pilots, and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, end for [Loc. is Per.} iaT better

3 G.x. c. 13

7 G. 1. c. *1.

to G. I.

1270

4?" GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Cap. 70.

better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain: And whereas an Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of g c ( His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; for the regulating of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; for preventing Frauds in the Customs, and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity: And whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of 2 ,0. s. c.z 1. His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws for the better Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet up the Rivers e/ Thames and Medway, and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plan-' lotions to be landed before the Duties of Fxc'fte are paid thereon; and to continue and amend an Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and several Parjhcs near thereunto; and to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Wcjlward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend so much of an Act made in the First Fear of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River Ribble; and to regulate Fees in Trials or Assizes, and Nisi Prius upon Records issuing out of the Office of Picas of the Court of Exchequer; and for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Jujiices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act made in the Twelfth 7 car of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which thet )ffice of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long a Time the fameJhail be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent theftealing or defraying of Turnips; and to amend an Act made in the Second 1 car of His present Majesty, for better R gulation of Attornies and Solicitors: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, 4 G. 3. c. 12. intituled, An Act to continue several Laws for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet up the Rivers of Thames and Medway; relating to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or difgulfed in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Information upon Seizures; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Ma-jefiy's Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, Flood-gates, Sluices, or ot/xr Works belonging to the Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament: And jgG ’ c - w^ereas by an Act passed 111 the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of P>nu\h-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth j to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the prohibiting the Importation of light Silver Coin of this it Realm

1271

4/° GEORGII III. Sess.2. Cap. 70.

Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to retrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an Act made in the Sixteenth 7 'car of His present Majesty's R,:gn, as relates to allying the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America: And whereas by an Act passed in the 'lhirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue several 32G. 3. C. 36. Laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the Jeducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clark’s Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act made in 43 G. 3. the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, <’ ‘Si-intituled, ‘An Act for the further preventing His Majesty's Subjects from 1 trading to the East Indies under Foreign Commissions, and for encouraging ‘ and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, as relates to the said ‘ Pilots And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be revived and continued for a limited Time, and that the Rates of Pilotage should be increased, and that further Provision should be made for the Regulations of Pilotage by the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers Farmer Acts Provisoes, Clauses, and Provisions contained therein, shall, so far as the revtmTand fame are not hereby expressly altered or varied, and are not repugnant to continued, any of the Provisions of this present Act, be revived and continued for Seven Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas great Delays and Losses and great Prejudice to pdot! not to Trade will arise, if Pilots belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, quit Ships at taking Charge of Ships or Vessels into the River Thames or Medway, Gyavefend are allowed to quit any Ship or Vessel before the Arrival of such Ship or of Captain^ or Vessel at the Place of her Dcftination, in the Thames or Medway; be it until another therefore enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months Pilot comes next after the passing of this Act, if any Pilot belonging to Dover, Deal, on board-or the Isle of Thanet, taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Gravesend, or in any other Part of the Thames, or in any Part of the Aledway, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the said River Thames or Aledway respectively, without the Consent of the Captain, or unless or before any other Pilot shall come on board to take

1272

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 70.

the Charge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel, every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conduced or piloted such Ship or Vessel into the River Thames or Medway.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pilot of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, who shall at any Time after the Twentieth Day of Angufl One thousand eight hundred and seven, and before the Expiration of such Period of Twelve Months as aforesaid, be willing to pilot or conduct, and shall pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel up the River Thames beyond Gravesend to Long Reach, or beyond Gravesend and Long Reach up to Blackwall or London, shall be entitled to demand and take, and shall have and receive for the piloting of any such Ship or Vessel, the several Rates and Prices allowed by th s Act for the piloting and conducting Ships and Vessels up the River Thames, beyond Gravesend to Long Reach, or beyond Gravesend and Long Reach, to Blackwall and London.

Rates of

IV. And whereas it is expedient to grant higher and greater Rates and

Pilotage to Prices for Pilotage, and at the same Time to prevent any exorbitant De-t("nJ> d mands for Pilotage; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the the Medway. Twentieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the following Rates or Prices, and no greater or other Rate or Price, shall be demanded and taken by Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, for the piloting or conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, to any Place or Places in or upon the said River of Thames or Medway; (that is to say),

For the piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel from Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, to Gravesend on the River Thames, to the Nore or to Shcerncfs and Stangate Creek, or other Parts of the River Medway, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices; (that is to say).

For all Vessels drawing less than Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds and Five Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seven Feet and a Half Water, Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eight Feet Water, Six Pounds:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eight Feet and a Half Water, Six Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nine Feet Water, Six Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nine Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Ten Feet Water, Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings: , f

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Ten Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eleven Feet Water, Eight Pounds and Five Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eleven Feet and a Half Water, Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence:

For

I273

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. Qap.70.

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Twelve Feet Water, Nine Pounds:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Twelve Feet and a Half Water, Nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing 1 hirteen Feet Water, Nine Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Thirteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence:

I or every hip or Vessel drawing Fourteen Feet Water, Ten Pounds and Ten Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fourteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Seventeen Shillings and sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fifteen Feet of Water, Eleven Pounds and Five Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fifteen Feet and a Half Water, Eleven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Sixteen Feet Water. Twelve Pounds:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Sixteen Feet and a Half Water, Twelve Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seventeen Feet Water, Twelve Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seventeen Feet and a Half Water, Fourteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel, drawing Eighteen Feet Water, Fifteen Pounds and Six Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eighteen Feet and a Half Water, Fifteen Pounds and Fourteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nineteen Feet Water, Sixteen Pounds and Thirteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nineteen Feet and a Half Water, Twenty Pounds Nine Shillings and Sixpence:

And for every Ship or Vessel drawing Twenty Feet Water, Twenty-one Pounds.

For the piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel up the River Thames beyond Gravesend as tar as Long Reach on the River Thames, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices; (that is to say).

For every Ship or Vessel drawing not more than Ten Feet Water, Ten Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel draw ing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Twelve and a Half to Fourteen Feet Water, Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Fourteen and a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, One Pound and One Shilling:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Sixteen and a Half to Eighteen Feet Water, One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence:

And for every Ship or Vessel draw ing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Two Pounds and Two Shillings.

The above Rates or Prices to be in Addition to the Rates or Prices allow’ed by this Act for the Pilotage of any such Ships or Vessels from Dover, Deal, or the Isle. of Thanet to Gravesend.

[_Loc. if Per.] 14 U

Rates of Pilotage from Gravesend to Long Reach.

For

1 274-

Rates of Pilotage from G ivefend to Plackwall and London.

Rate of

Pilotage for carrying a Sliij) into R onfgate Harbour.

Pilots to be examined as to conducting Ships into Ramsgate Harbour ( Penalty for neglect].

4/°GE6rGTI m. Sefr.2. Cap. 70.

For the piloting or conducing any Ship or Vessel up thh River Thamei beyftnd Gravesend, and also beyond Long Reach upon the River Thames, to Bla kwall and London, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing not more than'Fort Feet Water, One Pound and One Shilling:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, One Pound and Ten Shillings:

For every Ship or-Vessel drawing from Twelve and a Half to Fourteen Feet Water, One Pound and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Fourteen and a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, Two Pounds arid Two Shillings:

For every SRip or Vessel drawing from Sixteen and a Half Feet Water, to . Eighteen Feet Water, Three Pounds and Three hillings:

And for every Ship or Vess 1 drawing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

The above Rates and Prices to be in Addition to the Rates and Prices allowed by this Act for the Pilotage of any such Ship from Lover, Deal, and the TjruofThanel, fd Gravesend.

V. Provided always and be it further enacted, That every Pilot of or bclo ging to Dover I Deal, or the Jle of Thane t who shall take Charge of arid conduit any Ship or Vessel into R:hnfgate Harbour, find! be entiLfe'd and shall receive for lech Pilotage at and after. the Rate of Five Shillings , for* every Foot of the Draught of Water of the ship or Vessel o piloted and conducted by hnn into Ramfgale Harbour, if trie1: Ship or Vessel shall h've been so piloted and conducted into Ramjgate Harbour in moderate Weather; and if such Ship or Vessel shall have been so piloted or conducted into Rarnfadte Harbour under any Circumstances of >iffrefs, then such Pilot shall be entitled to such Sum of Money to be calculated according to the Extent and Circumstances of such Distress, as the Commissioners of salvage established under the Iajrd Warden of the Cinque Ports shall upon Application either of the Pilot or Owner or Master of any such Ship or Vessel, upon enquiring into all such Circunflances, direct; and such Com-ipissioners shall and they are hereby required upon any such Application made to enquire into all such Circumstances, and to determine the Amount of the Sum so to be paid for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Harbour, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.

J 1 li/IjT/X' Of iLiill K iifi* I’Vl* nni

VI. And whereas Ramsgate Harbour hath become much frequented as

a Port cff Safety, and Ships an: Vessels lying in or failing through the Downs, being near to Ramsgate Harbour, are oftentimes compelled to run for Ramsgate Harbour; and it is therefore necessary that all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal or the Isle of Thanet should be able and should be compellable to pilot and conduct Ships and Vessels into Ramsgate Harbour in case of Necessity or Dillt efs, and that all such Pilots should therefore be examined as to their Abilities to coaduft Ships or Vessels into Ramsgate Harbur; be it therefore enacted, That all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the IJlc of Thanet, shall qualify themselves, and shall be examined as to their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Harbour j and that all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thantt, shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or 10T 14 Vessels

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 7o.

Vessels under their Care or Conduct into Ramsgate Harbour in all Cases in which it may be expedient for any such Ships or Vessels o take Shelter or go into the said Harbour; and if any Pilot of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the ljle of Thanet, shall refuse to take Charge of or conduct any Ship or Vessel under his C are, or of which he shall have the Charge as a Pilot, into Ramsgate Harbour, in any such Case as aforesaid, such Pilot shall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which he might otherwise be entitled, and be subject to such Fine or other Punishment for his Refusal to take Charge of or conduct such Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Harbour as the Court of Load Manage shall impose or adjudge.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Not to n-

Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ships or Vef- 17d ,oSIliP* fels belonging to or in the Employ of His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue- or emSoyed cessors. by His Majesty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and PublickAA. taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Juitiees, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

